 giving a concert at Beausejour on  Welcome to Wales Today.

 I'm Jamie Owen, tonight's headlines.

 Three  generations of the same family driving home from holiday.

 A baby  pulled alive from the crash on the M4 which killed his mother and  father and grandfather.

 Also tonight, is your cash is  disappearing faster than usual? Why rising inflation is hitting Wales  harder than other parts of the UK.

 Good evening.

 Bopping to the shops  in your local town centre or driving to an out-of-town retail  park.

 Can shoppers be persuaded to change their habits? Tonight's  other headlines.

 A dog's dinner.

 The verdict of dog breeders on  plans to regulate puppy farms.

 Welsh children follow their Olympic  dreams in partnership with American schools.

  Good evening.

 A six-month-old baby boy and his grandmother survived a  crash which killed his parents and his grandfather on the M4.

 Tonight  police have named the three people who died as 23-year-old Louise  Evans, her partner, 20-year-old Tom Padden and his father Steve Padden.

  They were travelling back to Porthcawl after returning from a  holiday in Morocco when the accident happened just before  midnight last night.

 Six-month-old Logan and his grandmother are in a  stable condition in hospital.

 For many surfers at rest Bay in  Porthcawl, they headed to the water looking for comfort and support.

  All three that died on the M4 were from Porthcawl, returning from a  surfing holiday in Morocco.

 Louise Evans, Tom Padden and Steve Padden  all died in the crash.

 Baby Logan was injured and has recovered in  hospital.

 Tom lived for the surf.

 He was out  there all day every day.

 Every time he had some money together, he  would be going on surfing holidays.

 He used to drive Louise and Logan  down here every day.

 Tom and Louise Evans were barely in their twenties.

  They were especially excited about this trip.

 It was a real family  occasion and baby Logan's first trip abroad.

  Speaking to surfers in Porthcawl today, they are all shocked and  saddened and will not appear on camera.

 But they have told me that  the were a great family and that Tom and Louise were in loving  company.

 -- Family.

 Tom had won many competitions and had hoped to  be in the Wales team.

 There are many feet -- many people here today  feeling the family's pain.

 Tom was a Welsh surfing champion in 2007.

  It is a big loss to the community.

 The committee is absolutely  devastated.

 He will be really missed because of what he adds to  the line-up.

 He will always entertain and through Leo with the  things that used to do one p most challenging ways that he could find.

  He was a proud father and I think he was looking forward eagerly to  the day when he could spread his love of the ocean to his son.

  the tragic news filtered through the day, it seemed these three  deaths would affect many in Porthcawl.

 It is absolutely shocked  at the end of the day.

 To lose three members of the same family  from the town has got to have an affect on practically everyone in  the town.

 We are a very tight community.

 It will affect us all.

  Police are now appealing for any witnesses to the crash.

 In be  declared, police would like to speak urgently to a couple thought  to have stopped briefly after the collision.

 In Porthcawl, surfers  are planning their own tribute to the family.

  Now the rest of the day's news.

 The money in our pockets is going down,  but the cost of essential goods, particularly fuel and food, is  going up.

 And that's because inflation is on the rise.

 The  consumer price index rose to 3.

7% in December.

 So what exactly is the  impact on Welsh consumers and businesses? Let's join our reporter,  Ross Harries, in Llanelli.

 Thanks, Jamie.

 Yes, plenty of  people shopping here at this retail park in Trostre.

 And we'll be  looking at plans to attract them into nearby Llanelli town centre in  a moment.

 First, there are claims tonight that wages in Wales are  struggling to keep pace with the rising cost of living.

 Inflation  has gone up to 3.

7%, higher than expected because of fuel and food  prices.

 With so many workers in the public sector in Wales, where many  wages have been frozen, the impact could be felt harder here than in  many other parts of the UK.

 Here's our business correspondent, Nick  Servini.

 No one is immune to the rising cost  of living.

 That includes these shoppers in Llanelli.

 With  inflation at 3.

7 %, higher than forecast, it is the cost of fuel  and food that is hit incoming -- consumers hardest.

 David Jenkins  runs this bakery.

 He is now paying a third more for the cost of his  flower than last year.

 It affects his high street prices.

  We have no option but to put the costs up.

 Bread is very price  sensitive.

 It has been for many years but with the publicity we  have had in the press over the last 12 months, people can expect price  increases and it is something they have to plan for.

 It is not  something we like doing but it is something we find absolutely  necessary.

 The big question is whether big companies are able to  absorb the price increases or pass them onto consumers.

 At this retail  park, most of the firms are big national companies and they are in  a better condition to absorb the costs than small to medium-size  firms.

 With many wages in Wales being frozen, how are shoppers  coping? Everybody knows that the petrol has gone up.

 It affects  everybody that is buying.

 It is something we have to adjust to.

 But  hopefully become -- the government can do something to help us out.

  Please raise invest -- interest rates for investors.

 I have not  really notice the difference.

 Petrol, obviously, it is horrific  but I have not really noticed.

 is not just food and fuel that is  feeding the impact of inflation.

 The writing -- rising cost of raw  materials is also hitting clothes retailers.

 We are finding that the  cost of cotton has more than doubled in the last couple of  months.

 It is affecting business.

 It is going to be quite  considerable over the year.

 hope among consumers and businesses  in Wales is that inflation has peaked but they're still could be  some way to go before prices settle down.

 That's the national overview,  but the local economy here in Llanelli is very much a talking  point this evening, as just down the road from here the town centre  is about to receive a major overhaul.

 Carmarthenshire county  council's cabinet has given the go ahead to a £15 million development.

  Over the next two years the Eastgate development will see a  multiplex cinema, a new hotel and a number of new pubs and restaurants  come to the town.

 It's hoped it will help revitalise the town  centre after the loss of trade its suffered to out-of town retail  parks like this one.

 Boarded up shops and empty lots, a  symbol of the recession, but also here in Llanelli a symbol of  shoppers abandoning the town centre in favour of out of town retail  parks.

 But that's hopefully about to change with the announcement of  a £15 million project to rejuvenate the town.

 There will be restaurants,  nearly 2000 square metres of office space.

 A new bus station.

 Also,  quite a large car park which will help people when they come into the  centre of Llanelli to use the facilities, they will be able to  park on site.

 Work is already under way on this site on the east side  of town.

 It is hoped it will encourage visitors not just during  the week but also during the evenings and on weekends.

 And  that's music to the ears of nearby traders, who hope the influx of new  customers will see money pouring back into the local economy.

 At the  moment, we close on a Sunday but I think we will be open seven  evenings of the week and seven days as well.

 There is a hotel in the  complex as well.

 That will bring a breakfast trade.

 We are looking at  probably tripping the amount of how was that we will be open and  tripling the amount of staff that we employ.

 The plan was given the  green light by Carmarthenshire County Council's executive board  this morning, but there are those who think the decision by the same  council to award planning permission to the retail parks at  Trostre and Pemberton was what led to the town centre's decline in the  first place.

 That is historical.

 There is some concern that it will  move the centre of the town a bit westwards again and maybe some of  the businesses that are in town now will suffer.

 But we are where we  are and we have to go ahead with it.

 Some businesses may suffer, but  it's hoped many more will prosper.

 The project will take around two  years to complete and other towns will look on with interest to see  if it's possible in the age of out of town superstores to breathe life  back into tired town centres.

 Joining me now is Mike Theodoulou  from the mid- and west Wales business chamber.

 If we can talk  about the Llanelly situation first.

 Is that a realistic proposition in  this day and age? Most people tend to do their shopping in out of town  areas like this? What I like about this proposal is that it is  different.

 It is not another retail outlet going toe-to-toe without of  town centres like this.

 It is imaginative and different and it  should get energy and people visiting the town centre.

 If that  happens, business will follow.

 In Carmarthenshire, we have one of the  better councils for this sort of thing that they had done  excellently with this initiative.

 Moving on to inflation, we heard in  the report that in Wales we may be suffering a bit more than  counterparts in the rest of the UK.

 Give us some idea of how your  members are suffering with a rise in inflation rates.

 They are  suffering because inflation is the latest hit that they have to deal  with.

 They have got the slowdown and we are a fragile economy in  Wales.

 It is weaker because of the dominance of the public sector.

  Then there are petrol prices going up, utility costs going up and now  raw-material.

 We are being stretched to the limit as a  business sector.

 There is a lot of pain.

 What about this notion of the  public sector, we are over-reliant on the public sector? It is an  unhealthy economy when Europe over- reliant on any one sector.

 I do not  want to pick on the public sector but it is unhealthy.

 What we have  got to do is over a longer period, rebalance the economy.

 At the  moment, the cutbacks that the public sector have to deal with  will bring us back down again.

 Theodoulou, thank you for joining  us.

 A fairly gloomy assessment from Llanelli this evening.

 Much more to  come before 7pm.

 Growling at the Senedd.

 Dog breeders march on  Cardiff bay to protest about new laws on puppy farms.

  And star prop Adam Jones joins the growing injury list less than three  weeks before the Six Nations key opener against England.

  The UK Government's concerns over the performance of S4C have been  revealed to MPs.

 The Broadcasting Minister, Ed Vaizey, told the Welsh  Affairs Committee at Westminster that the channel isn't making the  impact it could because not enough people are watching.

 Our  parliamentary correspondent, David Cornock, is at Westminster.

 David,  what did we learn today? For the first time really, Ed  Vaizey was put on the spot by MPs since his decision to cut the  budget of S4C and to change the way that the channel is run by setting  up a partnership with the BBC.

 Their words -- there were lots of  questions about the background to that decision.

 And also the  performance of S4C, in terms of audiences and viewing figures.

 Ed  Vaizey was put on the spot about that and quite openly, we heard  again about the concerns about S4C at the heart of government.

 With  such low viewing figures, it is not making the impact on the Welsh  language and Welsh culture that it could.

 How have you measured that?  We have to take the commonsense view that you would like to see an  organisation like S4C which has significant and generous funding  making a significant impact on Welsh-language and Welsh  broadcasting.

 Ed Vaizey being questioned.

 He did admit that he  does not watch S4C.

 That did not go down well with all members of the  committee.

 One member said afterwards, we might as well have a  Martian as minister for broadcasting, for all the  understanding that Ed Vaizey showed.

 While the MPs have been busy, the  House of Lords has been debating plans to reduce their number.

  Yes, they are recovering from a marathon 20 our debate on among  other things plans to cut the number of Welsh MPs from 40-30.

  Lots of big issues.

 Hugely controversial.

 The debate resumes  tomorrow.

 It could be another long one.

  The jury in the trial of four people accused of murdering a  Colwyn Bay antiques dealer has heard the 999 call to police.

  Anthoni Robinson died from stab wounds at his home last July.

 One  of those charged with his murder is his 19-year-old daughter, Ashleigh.

  The 999 operator was told he had been stabbed by his daughter's  boyfriend, Gordon Harding.

 All four deny murder.

  UK Government plans to introduce a 5p per litre discount on fuel in  remote areas will have to wait until after the next budget in  March.

 The Government needs the backing of finance ministers in the  European Commission to introduce the discount.

 But a formal request  is not expected to be made until after the Budget.

  Dog breeders are calling for a rethink of proposals aimed at  cracking down on bad practices at commercial puppy farms.

 They say  people breeding dogs as a hobby would also be caught by new  regulations planned by the Assembly Government.

 Protestors handed in a  petition at the Senedd today.

 This one has kept Great Danes for  the past 25 years at her home and over that time, they have had four  letters.

 She has a successful career in the show ring and  describes herself as a hobby breeder.

 It is a cuddly, warm,  wonderful time.

 I have my litter in this room.

 I moved the furniture.

 I  put together a big box and I bring a bed down from upstairs.

 I am with  them for the first four weeks, 24 hours.

 Earlier in the day, she  joined other breeders from across South Wales in Cardiff Bay.

 They  handed in an 800 signature petition voicing concern about plans for new  legislation.

 The proposals include all dogs in lice as breeding  kennels being microchip and small- scale breeders would need to be  licensed.

 It is aimed at cracking down on bad practices in puppy  farms.

 We are concerned that the proposed legislation will miss its  target and that target is about to be commercial breeders.

 Everybody  here is for want of a better expression, a hobby breeder and we  feel that the legislation will not be affected because there is always  legislation on the statute book that can cope with what be required  -- already.

 It is not being effectively policed.

 The petition  handed in today was collected in just six days.

 The 12th week  consultation process ended last Thursday.

 The Assembly Government  says it will not comment until all the representations have been  considered.

 Now tonight's sport.

 Here's Ashleigh.

 I'm afraid the  Wales rugby squad seem to dropping like flies, less than three weeks  before the start of the Six Nations.

 Gethin Jenkins and Gavin Henson are  already on the casualty list.

 It's looking likely that prop Adam Jones  won't be fit and centre Tom Shanklin is definitely out.

  Shanklin, who played in all the recent autumn Tests, needs another  knee operation, while Jones has had a scan today on his injured elbow.

  The results aren't known yet, but his regional coach can't see how  he'll be fit for Wales' first match against England on February 4th.

  think it will be a substantial period of time that he will be out.

  I think the issue relies on whether it is operable.

 Maybe they will  take a conservative measure, a more conservative approach to it.

 Maybe  that is the case.

 If I was a betting man, I would not be putting  my hard-earned money on him making too many appearances.

 It would be a  good recovery if he dares.

 -- Des.

 Football, and Cardiff City have  signed Arsenal midfielder Jay Emmanuel Thomas on loan till the  end of the season.

 The 20-year-old has made Premier League and  Champions league appearances.

 Tonight the Bluebirds focus on the  FA Cup when they welcome Premier League side Stoke for their third  round replay.

 Cardiff held the Premier League side to a 1-1 draw  earlier in the month.

 The match could see the return of top  goalscorer Jay Bothroyd, who's been sidelined for more than a month  with injury.

 Commentary on Radio Wales.

  There's already a big debate about whether next year's London Olympics  will have any effect here.

 But two Welsh schools say they're already  benefiting.

 They've been twinned with similar schools in America as  part of the Olympic Dreams programme which aims to inspire  young people from around the world in the run-up to 2012.

  The pupils at this primary school are being encouraged to dream of  big dreams.

 This morning they got to try hockey for the first time.

  This could be the first step to Olympic glory for some of them.

  Watching from the sidelines was a primary school teacher from I wear  in the United States.

 Shaun Johnson won three medals  including an individual gold at the Beijing Olympics.

  I have coached her since the first grade.

 She is great at school.

 She  is a great student.

 And a heck of a gymnast.

 I really like Shaun  Johnson.

 She has won loads of trophies and I think one day if I  can work as hard as her, I will be able to win loads of trophies.

  dream is to be the singer.

 Basing their? Or a teacher.

 It is a joint  venture between the BBC and the Sports Council.

 Schools are paired  up with similar schools around the world.

  This Wrexham secondary school has been hosting guests this week.

 They  have enjoyed learning about the Welsh way of life.

  We had lots of Welsh culture coming in.

 We had singers and drummers and  it was just fantastic.

 I did my presentation.

 It was really fun.

  Everyone is so happy.

 Everyone is smiling and saying hello.

 It is  really nice.

 Being twinned with this school we are really lift us  and every pupil to be involved with that link, it is amazing.

 You have  to be enthusiastic and show the pupils what they are capable of.

  Shaun Johnson is now the role model for many of these pupils.

 They will  follow her story in the run-up to the London Olympic Games.

 The  teachers hope the children will show similar dedication and courage  to achieve their own dreams.

 to achieve their own dreams.

  And we wish them all well.

 It is time for the weather forecast.

 It  was lovely in the sunshine today.

 It is much more cheerful when the  sun shines.

 We have seen the last of the rain for a while.

 Today's  sunshine a real tonic after the wet weather.

 A beautiful day in  Pontypool.

 If you have a barometer, the needle should be pointing  towards fair.

 If it is not, the pressure needs adjusting.

  Pressure is going to stay high for the rest of this week and that  means more dry and settled weather but high pressure in winter often  brings frost and fog.

 That goes for tonight.

 Clear skies, almost a full  moon.

 Some fog patches forming.

 Also a widespread frost.

 The lowest  temperatures close to freezing or below.

  Tomorrow's chart shows high pressure sat right on top of  Britain and that means more dry weather.

 Tomorrow morning, a cold  start, some frost on the ground and on the car windscreen as well.

  Watch out for fog patches if you are travelling.

 Otherwise, it is  dry.

 Clear skies and a bright sun.

 Temperatures in Carmarthen starting  off around-one Celsius.

 By midday, most of the fog patches will have  gone, lots of sunshine to look forward to.

 But I would not rule  out some fog and mist in Cardigan Bay.

 Hardly a breath of wind.

 Lots  of sunshine.

 Temperatures rising to six Celsius.

 Ideal weather for a  walk.

 You may see a few snowdrops, perhaps the odd daffodil.

  It is going to be a while before we see high temperatures.

 Over the  next few days, it is going to continue dry and settled.

 Some  sunshine, frost and a few fog patches.

 Temperatures on the chilly  side.

 It looks like turning cloudier on the weekend but the  emphasis remains on walk dry weather.

 A welcome respite from all  the rain we have had this month.

 There was certainly no rain in  Llandudno today.

 Lots of sunshine.

 If you want out with the camera  If you want out with the camera this weekend, then send it in.

  Tonight's headlines on the BBC.

 Police are continuing to  investigate a car accident on the M4 which killed three members from  the same family from Porthcawl.

 Louise Evans, Tom Padden, Steve  Padden were killed in the accident.

 Baby Logan was rescued.

 Everyone is  in complete shock at the moment.

 The baby is doing fine at the  moment.

 The surfing crowd is devastated.

 He will be really  missed because of what he adds to the line-up.

 He will always  entertain and thrill you really.

 Inflation jumped to 3.

7 % in  December, driven in part by rising fuel and food prices.

 With so many  workers in the public sector in Wales with frozen wages, there are  fears that the country will be harder hit than other places.

  And the parents of Joe Yates, whose body was discovered in Bristol on  Christmas Day have made a new appeal to find her killer.

  The appeal coincides with a

 One at 1.

00.

 For now, from all of  Good afternoon.

 Security is being stepped up in the  tunian -- Tunisian capital, a day after the President was forced to  flee the capital.

 Troops are prat rolling the station that has been  burned down.

 All airports are reopened, hundreds of Britons are  hoping to fly home today.

 Calm imposed by force of arms.

  Army checkpoints now block access to the streets in central tunisa  where Rothers were clashing with the police.

  -- where Rothers were clashing with the police.

 These are the -- were  the scenes yesterday.

 There was pressure raised on the  President.

 Then the Prime Minister announced that President Ben Ali  was no longer the Head of State.

 While the Rothers were triumphant,  there was still confusion.

 Protests continued.

 This morning,  the debris is everywhere, the capital's main train station was  burnt, shopped were looted and the rampage spread to other cities too.

  Tourists cutting short their holidays spoke of the fear and the  chaos.

 There were armed guards near the  planes, coming in there were tanks, a nightmare.

 It was chaos.

 To get  to the airport it was difficult.

 There were fires, people all over  the floor, rolling all over the floor.

  Here at the airport, the tourists are queuing to leave.

 The President  has fled to swaiba, new elections have been announced,s about --  announced, but the emotions are still raw and a risk of more  upheaval.

 Our correspondent is in tunis for  us, what is the latest there? It is a chaotic situation here in the  Tunisian capital, indeed, across the country.

 Despite the removal of  a much-heated President, it is still unclear.

 I have been in the  capital, there are tanks guarding the main buildings, hundreds of  secret police and troops on the streets it is unclear whether the  reforms that people wanted, when they will come about.

 There have  been reports of a fire in the southern city of Monastir that led  to dozens of deaths and looting as we saw and fires in the capital.

 So  a tense situation here.

 What about the situation for the  stranded British tourists? It is imperative that amid the chaoss  that the tourists, not so caught up in the violence, but have seen some  of it, that they get out.

 The main airport here has reopened, but the  airp -- airports in the holiday resorts in the south of the country  are taking on extra flights.

 They are taking the stranded  holiday-makers back to their home countries.

  The Labour leader, Ed Miliband, has called the Liberal Democrats's  decision to join the coalition with the Conservatives, a tragic mistake.

  He has appealeded to disaffected Liberal Democrats vortsdz to work  with the opposition.

 -- voters to work with the opposition.

  Tim, he is criticising and yet courting the Liberal Democrats?  absolutely.

 There have been harsh words for the Lib Dems, Labour were  beat no-one the Oldham East & Saddlworth 24 hours ago.

 Ed  Miliband saying it was a tragedy that they joined the coalition.

  That they should not be working with the Conservatives, but trying  to feel for the disillusioned Lib Dem voters, many of whom are out  there.

 Trying to persuade them, if they were to build a Labour Party  that is a progressive centre left party, that they should join them.

  This was the message.

 I am pleased that many Liberal Democrats see  Labour as the main vehicle for their hopes for the future.

  Thousands of former Liberal Democrats voters and members have  joined us since the election.

 I want them to find a home in our  party.

 Not just making up the numbers but contributing to the  strengthening of the values and the renewal of our policies.

  But Ed Miliband had uncomfortable words for his party, saying that  they had to learn lessons to realise that they got things wrong,  without that they would not earn the right from the British people  to govern.

 He said that is what they had to do, that was his long-  term vision for the party.

 Thank you very much.

  The United Nations says it is launching an emergency appeal to  help victims of floods in eastern Sri Lanka.

 More than 1 million  people have been affected and the death toll has risen to 32.

  Water everywhere.

 Until a few days ago, there were roads and rice  fields here.

 When the floods came people fled their houses.

 The water  has gone down a bit, a few children have come back to see how bad  things are.

 Nearby, schools have become camps for the displaced.

 The  people are glad of cooked meals, laid on by volunteers.

  There is a certain community spirit here.

  But they have nothing to do.

 They are sleeping on floors and worried  that they will get no compensation.

 TRANSLATION: We were frightened.

  We thought it was to be like the tsunami and the whole village would  be droned.

 Her husband, a labourer now has no work.

  The rising waters mean that in many other places, people at in home --  at homes or in camps have not been reached by aid.

  This is the reason that so many people are not getting the aid that  they need.

 Roads like this are cut off to all but the biggest vehicles,  things like buses and trucks that can plough through the water, but  there are many other roads, where even those cannot pass by.

 For  instance, here, the road has vanished.

 Where there were once  motorvehicles, now there are boats, the only way for the people to get  around.

 The aid agencies and the government are trying hard to get  the food and medical aid in, but

 Married life begins for the Duke  and Duchess of Cambridge.

 The royal couple leave Buckingham Palace, but  announce they won't be going on honeymoon immediately.

  As the first official pictures of the Royal Wedding are released, the  man who took them describes recording the moment.

 It was two  families coming together and that was the feeling, that sense of  family and love.

 More blood shed in Syria, as the military crackdown  continues, the Foreign Secretary says he's extremely concerned.

  And back in the big time, Queens  Park Rangers win promotion to the  Good evening.

 The new Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have travelled  to an undisclosed location in the UK for a private weekend together,  after their wedding.

 They left the Palace this morning by helicopter,  after a night of celebrations.

 The royal couple have delayed their  honeymoon with Prince William instead returning to RAF Valley in  Anglesey next week.

 Here's our royal correspondent, Nick Witchell.

  After all the public clamour of the wedding day and a private night of  partying with friends at Buckingham Palace, it was time to escape.

  William and Catherine emerged from the Palace, not though to set off  on honeymoon, but to spend a private weekend somewhere in the  United Kingdom, after which William will return to his duties as an RAF  search and rescue pilot.

 So, their helicopter departure from the  Palace was not the start of a honeymoon, that officials say, will  take place at some point later in the year.

 From Clarence House's  point of view, the decision to postpone the honeymoon is a shrewd  one.

 It underlines William's commitment to his RAF duties and it  allows the frenzy of the wedding to die down, which certainly isn't the  case at the moment.

 The official wedding photographs have been  issued.

 One of them shows just the bride and groom, standing side by  side in the Palace Throne Room.

 In a second, they're with their  respective families an the bridesmaids and page boys.

 The  Windsors are on the left of the picture and the Middletons on the  right.

 A third, less formal picture shows just the bride and groom with  the four bridesmaids and two page boys.

 The man who took the pictures  says he hopes they convey the mood inside the Palace immediately after  the couple had returned from the Abbey.

 It was a family wedding.

  From where I was and from their point of view, it was two families  coming together.

 That was the feeling, that sense of family and  love going between everyone.

 both families, then, a day to  remember.

 A wonderful day yesterday.

 Prince Charles was in good humour  in Stratford-upon-Avon this evening.

 How proud are you? The Middletons  were leaving their hotel in Central London.

 Thank you everyone.

 We've  had a lovely time.

 Been a wonderful day.

 For Catherine's family the  undoubted joy of seeing their elder daughter happily married, but also  a little concern about the life that lies ahead for her, a life  that officially at least, began at the altar of Westminster Abbey,  when she made the transition from being simply Catherine Middleton  and became Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge.

 Already  she'll fulfilled her first royal tradition.

 Within Westminster Abbey,  her wedding bouquet rests on the Grave of the Unknown Warrior.

  The Royal Wedding was the most watched event on British television  this year, with almost 25 million people tuning into the BBC or ITV.

  The BBC attracted the majority of the audience, with around 19  million viewers.

 Nick Higham has been talking to some of those  involved in the big day.

 The morning after the big day, they  were queuing in their hundreds to get into Westminster Abbey, to see  the Gothic splendor of the church where Will married Kate, not to  mention the trees, imported for the occasion.

 The Royal Wedding's had  quite an impact, not just on the ony's visitor figures.

 The  temporary stands which were crammed with camera cruise and  photographers are now empty.

 The television viewing figures were  enormous.

 At its peak 24.

5 million people were watching the coverage  in the UK and tens of millions more overseas.

 Britain's monarchy does  pageantery like this superbly well and it thrives on the TV and  newspaper coverage generated bit spectacle and by the story of the  couple at its centre.

 Today we heard what it all meant for some of  those working behind-the-scenes.

 Fiona Cairns and her team from  Leicestershire made the eight- tiered wedding cake.

 They worked  for hours to assemble it.

 The couple told her it was beyond their  expectations.

 I haven't actually made a cake quite as big or quite  as important as this one, but it did take us about six weeks, a team  of about eight of us, all together.

 That includes the bakers, and  covering the cakes and making the decorations.

 Just as important,  getting the bride's hair right.

 Her hairdressers may have been nervous.

  Catherine wasn't.

 She was the same on her wedding morning as she has  been all the way through.

 She's just so calm and so collected.

 It  sounds amazing to hear, but it's absolutely true.

 And if anything,  she was calming us down on the day rather than the other way round.

  the latest Windsor marriage has begun, with relief all round at  pulling off such a dazzling and triumphant piece of stage  management.

 There's been more bloodshed in  Syria where the military crack down continues against anti-government  protests.

 Unconfirmed reports say several people were killed when the  army stormed a mosque in Deraa.

 The Foreign Secretary, William Hague,  has spoken of his extreme concern at the ongoing violence and  repression.

 Foreign journalists are not allowed into Syria, our  correspondent Matthew Price, sent this report from the  Jordanian/Syrian border.

 The battle for Deraa is raging.

  Largely hidden from view.

 These images emerged today.

 They're said  to have been filmed in the southern city, but that can't be verified.

  Later, we heard from someone said to be inside Deraa.

 Sounding  frightened, he told us that at 5.

30am this morning, tank has moved  into the city centre.

 The dead, martyrs he called them, lay in the  streets.

 It's a massacre.

 It matches an account from another  person in Deraa that we spoke to.

 By clamping down so hard against  the people of Deraa, where this uprising began, just across the  border here, the Syrian authorities are hoping to spread fear across  the entire country.

 It's a tactic that has worked well for them in  the past, making people too afraid to criticise their leadership and  yet, for now at least, on this occasion, it seems to be having the  opposite effect, emboldening some protesters.

 The government says the  death toll includes many soldiers.

 This, state TV said, was the  funeral of some of them.

 The authorities say they're fighting  extremists.

 They announced this evening that they have a plan for  political and judicial reform.

 But that won't be enough for those  who have lost so much.

 Most of what was filmed at this hospital can't  be shown, but the grief and the  anger is clear.

 They want their  president to go.

 NATO and the Libyan rebels have  rejected a call for a ceasefire by Colonel Gaddafi, saying his forces  need to stop their attacks on civilians first.

 The Libyan leader  made the ceasefire call in a television address from his base in  Tripoli.

 Earlier this evening, loud explosions were heard near the  compound as NATO jets flew overhead.

 Our Middle East correspondent,  Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, reports now from Benghazi.

  It's the first time for days that Colonel Gaddafi has appeared on TV  screens.

 For some reason, he chose the middle of the night to address  the world.

 Looking tired and rambling for more than an hour, he  offered his enemies a ceasefire.

 TRANSLATION: Beare the -- we are  the first people to welcome a ceasefire.

 And we are the first one  who accepted the ceasefire.

 We, the Libyan.

 But have they stopped? The  air attack, the crusader, NATO, they never stopped.

 Who can stop  them? But as he spoke, NATO's answer seemed to come from the sky.

  Explosions tore through government buildings just a few hundred metres  from where Colonel Gaddafi was speaking.

 The Libyan government  immediately claimed it was another NATO attempt to assassinate the  Libyan leader.

 The Libyan rebels have also been quick to reject  Colonel Gaddafi's ceasefire.

 time for compromise has long past.

  Too many victims have fell.

 There is no solution that includes him or  his family.

 This has been made very clear.

 Gaddafi's peace offer has  done nothing to slow the carnage in the besieged city of Misrata.

  Shelling of the city by government troops has continued unabated.

 The  dead and injured clog the city's already overwhelmed hospitals.

 The  government in Tripoli has given rebels here three days to lay down  their weapons or face a renewed, full-scale onslaught.

 On Friday,  pro-Gaddafi forces even succeeded in sneaking into Misrata's port and  laying mines.

 Right now, nothing is leaving the port here in Benghazi  to travel to Misrata.

 The mines that were found inside the port  there yesterday mean operations are still completely suspended.

 Colonel  Gaddafi's forces are trying to find every way they can to cut this  vital link from Misrata to the outside world.

 At the moment, they  appear to be succeeding.

 Here, a lorry driver and a coach  passenger have been killed in a crash on the M11 in Essex.

 49  others were injured in the collision on the southbound  carriageway near Stansted Airport.

 Viewed from above, it's clear this  was a devastating accident.

 At just after 2am, a coach was hit at speed  by a heavy goods vehicle.

 The back of the coach took the impact of the  crash.

 A 63-year-old woman from Pontefract in Yorkshire, died the  the scene.

 The lorry driver's cab separated from its container and  plunged down an embankment.

 The driver was killed instantly.

 What  we've established that the coach was suffering electrical difficulty.

  The vehicle has pulled onto the hard shoulder to check out incident.

  Unfortunately, for some reason, the vehicle has then been struck bit  lorry.

 The driver of the coach and around 50 passengers were take ton  hospitals in Essex and Cambridgeshire.

 Tonight, three  people are still being treated.

 people on board the coach were  clearly in shock at the time, obviously panicking about what had  gone on.

 That was our focus was to ensure that we dealt with those  casualties quickly.

 The accident closed a busy stretch of the M11  between junctions eight and nine, near Stansted Airport, causing huge  disruption to journeys.

 On a bank holiday weekend, this stretch of  motorway would normally be used by tens of thousands of drivers, but  it has been closed for many hours.

 The road was eventually re-opened  at 2pm.

 Police have begun an investigation and are appealing for  anyone who saw the crash to come forward.

  Thousands of people have been gathering in Rome this evening for  an all night vigil ahead of the beatification of pop John Paul II  tomorrow.

 The beatification is the last major hurdle before being  declared a saint.

 It's six years since Pope John Paul's death.

  Now it's time for all the sports news with Olly Foster.

  Premier League results in a moment, but all being well, Queens Park  Rangers will be back in the top division next season, after finally  winning the championship title today, with a game to spare.

 They  beat Watford 2-0.

 The Football Association may yet sour their  celebrations, as they investigate a possible breach of transfer rules.

  Queens Park Rangers have been champions elect for months, by far  the best team in the championship, which will make the physician next  week all the harder, if they find QPR guilty of contract  irregularities and take some of those hard earned points away.

  club will not receive a points penalty, you say.

 I'm totally happy  with what I've heard from our barrister.

 One of the tabloids has  made two, three stories in the last couple of weeks, never done one  fact about the case, because they don't know any facts.

 We know that  Faualin is at the centre of the allegations.

 He helped lead the  celebrations.

 The first of their championship goals came from their  Player of the Year.

 Tommy Smith, who set up the first scored the  second late on.

 And Warnock knew their long wait was over.

 He said  it's the best job he's ever done, 15 years since QPR were last in the  Premier League.

 If that's taken away from them, well they'll hit  the roof.

 That match will be on the Football  League show tonight, after Match Of The Day, which follows the news.

  They'll be showing the goals from today's six Premier League games.

  I'm about to give you the results.

 So do what you've got to do if you  don't want to know what happened.

 Chelsea are just three points  behind Manchester United now after beating Spurs.

 With two contentious  goals Lampard almost's equaliser didn't appear to cross the line.

  Salomon Kalou looked offside for Salomon Kalou looked offside for  the last minute winner.

 2-1 to Chelsea.

 Blackburn's first win  since January has moved them three points clear from danger.

  Blackpool's point and a goalless draw against Stoke keeping them  above the relegation zone.

 Fulham  Rangers manager Walter Smith says  they'll try and keep winning to put pressure on Celtic in the race for  the Scottish Premier League title.

 Rangers are four points clear after  beating Motherwell 5-0.

 Stephen Naismith scored twice, but Celtic  do have two games in hand.

 They play Dundee United tomorrow.

  There were three other matches in the SPL today.

 Wins for aberdoon  and St Johnstone.

  Kieran Agard scored his first ever  Rugby Union and Leinster are into the Heineken Cup final after  beating Toulouse in Dublin.

 Brian O'Driscoll turned down an  invitation to the royal wedding to focus on the match.

 He scored one  of the two tries.

 Leinster winning by 32-23.

  Snooker and this year's world championship final will see the  world number one, John Higgins come up against the qualifier Judd Trump.

  At 21 he's the youngest finalist in 21 years.

 He's set this year's  tournament alight.

 He won his semi- final against Ding Junhui.

  That's all the sport.

 That's it for now.

 Can you see more  on all today's stories on the News

 goes to market.

 That's all from  Shot in the head at point blank range.

 An American congresswoman is  critically injured in a mass shooting tonight.

 Gabrielle  Giffords was targeted as she met voters outside a supermarket in  Arizona.

 At least five people are confirmed  dead, among them a nine-year-old girl.

 President Obama has called it  a senseless act of violence.

 It is a tragedy for Arizona and a  tragedy for our entire country.

 What Americans do at times of  tragedy is to come together and support each other.

  We'll have the very latest from the United States.

 Also tonight: Jack  Straw is accused of stereotyping after suggesting some Pakistani men  in Britain see white girls as easy tarts for sexual abuse.

  And Roy Hodgson's troubled reign comes to an end at Liverpool.

 Kenny  Dalglish is the new manager at Good Evening to you.

 An American  congresswoman has been critically injured in a mass shooting.

 At  least five people are dead, including a nine-year-old girl and  a federal judge.

 Gabrielle Giffords, a democrat, was shot at point blank  range as she spoke to voters outside a supermarket at Tucson,  Arizona.

 The gunman, armed with an automatic weapon, has been arrested.

  In the past hour, President Obama's described the shooting as a tragedy  for the entire country.

 Paul Adams reports from Washington.

  The first pictures capture the chaotic scene outside the Tucson  supermarket.

 Emergency helicopters landing on neighbouring streets to  take the injured to hospital.

 The parking lot had been crowded with  Saturday shoppers and those attending the congresswoman's event.

  Eyewitnesses spoke of a lone gunman firing at short range, hitting  Gabrielle Giffords in the head, killing and injuring several others.

  I ran up to the front and you just saw people on the ground.

 There was  a lady coming in completely covered in blood.

 Bullet holes in the  windows where Giffords was standing.

 Was that the congresswoman that you  saw, do you believe? Yes, she was on the ground at that point.

  Twitter, Gabrielle Giffords's last message invited followers to attend  her Congress on Your Corner event.

 Please stop by, she wrote, to let  me know what is on your mind.

 At hospital, her surgeon spoke to  reporters after initial surgery.

 She's in critical condition.

 The  neurosurgeons have finished operating on her and I'm very  optimistic about recovery.

 Gabrielle Giffords was recently  described as one of the top ten rising stars in congress, highly  visible and widely add Mired.

 A democrat in a Conservative state,  she's also no strange tore controversy, after voting in favour  of President Obama's health care reform Bill, her office was  vandalised.

 I now yield to the woman of Arizona.

.

.

 One of her most  recent appearances, Thursday's congressional reading of the US  constitution.

 Her passage was telling.

 The right of the people to  petition the Government for redress of grievances.

 The shooting has  been condemned by politicians across the country, led by the  President.

 It's not surprising that today Gabby was doing what she  always does, listening to the hopes and concerns of her neighbours.

  That is the essence of what our democracy is all about.

 That is why  this is more than a tragedy for those involved, it is a tragedy for  Arizona and a tragedy for our entire country.

 A suspect, named as  Jared Laughner, is in police custody.

 The authorities examining  his record and Internet postings as they attempt to establish a motive.

  Let's go live now to North America to our North America editor Mark  Mardell.

 What more do we know about the man who's been arrested at this  stage? 22-year-old Jared Laughner, we don't know what his motives are,  but there is a YouTube video which purports to be from him, which is  full of rantings about numerology, the currency and sleep-walking.

 It  has an ynty Government tone but I would say the overall tone is just  one of crazy ranting, so we don't know whether there is a political  motive -- anti-Government.

 We know this shooting was immediately  politicised.

 What I mean by that, within minutes of this shooting,  people were accusing the right-wing in America of creating a climate  where this could happen, a climate of hatred and in particular people  were talking about Sarah Palin who put this congresswoman on a target  list of those supporting Obama's health care reforms and used a  graphic of a rifle site.

 That's now been taken down.

 Of course, the  right to say this is nonsense, it's nothing to do with politics, unless  it's completely unfair.

 Sarah Palin's issued a statement  expressing sincere condolences saying she prays for the victims,  peace and justice.

 This shows whether or not this shooting was  political, it shows the volatile nature of politics at the moment in  the United States, that it's immediately seen as a political act.

  Thank you.

 Let's turn to the other news now,  and here, there are calls for a national investigation into the  abus of vulnerable teenage girls who're groomed for sex by gangs on  the streets of British cities.

 It comes after the former Labour Home  Secretary, Jack Straw, said some young men of Pakistani origin  regard white girls as easy targets.

 It follows the jailing of a mainly  Asian gang which preyed on girls in the Derby area.

 Our Political  Correspondent, Jo Coburn, reports.

 Abid Saddique seen here on the left  was described by the judge as an evil predator.

 He and Mohammed  Liaqat were given indefinite jail terms.

 They were ring leaders of a  gang who cruised the streets of Derby in search of vulnerable young  girls, Vic times were groomed for sex and abused.

 During this police  surveillance operation, these two were lucky and walked away.

 The  judge said the race of the victims and their abusers was coincidental,  but the former Home Secretary, Jack Straw, has warned that some men of  Pakistani origin see white girls as what he calls easy meat.

 There is a  specific problem which involves Pakistani heritage men, some of  some age as well, who target vulnerable young white girls and we  need to get the Pakistani community to think much more clearly about  why this is going on.

 Jack Straw knows the Pakistani community well.

  He's represented Blackburn for over 30 years.

 He's admitted that the  sex offenders wings of prisons are dominated by white men, but  believes some Pakistanis target white girls because women in their  own community remain off limits.

 In the town today, shoppers gave their  reaction.

 I think he's right.

 I think there's not as much openness  as there should be.

 It might happen, but it's very sort of, a small  group of Asian Pakistani people.

 But critics say this is purely  about criminality and that Jack Straw shouldn't be stereotyping one  ethnic group.

 What I think the police should do  is to investigate all these various cases and see if there are common  patterns.

 But I think the statement that it is a cultural problem for  the Pakistani community in particular or certain sections of  it is a leap too far for me.

 Child protection officers have called for  a national inquiry into the grooming of vulnerable teenage  girls.

 Tonight, the Home Office has issued a statement saying that the  child explotation and Online Protection Centre is carrying out  work looking at this issue and say further announcements will be made  in due course.

 American authorities have demanded  the social networking website Twitter hand over the personal  details of several account hold ersz linked to the whistle-blowing  website WikiLeaks -- holders.

 The US is examining possible charges  against the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange over the leaking of  250,000 classified diplomatic cables, information about Twitter  accounts, online addresses and activities have been requested by  the US Department of Justice.

 The people of southern Sudan vote  tomorrow in a referendum that could see the country split in two.

 It's  part of a peace deal that ended decades of conflict.

 Voters in the  south are widely expected to back independence from the north.

 From  the southern city of Juba, our Africa correspondent Andrew Harding  our self-determination.

.

.

 It's been a long time coming.

 But after  decades of Civil War, the people of South Sudan are poised to make  history.

 No-one doubts that starting  tomorrow, they will vote to break away from the Muslim north.

 The  birth of a new country and they haven't even got a name for it yet.

  We are left only with a few hours to make the most vital and  extremely important decision of our lifetime.

  I urge you all to make your decision in a peaceful manner as we  end the longer journey for the accomplishment of the agreement.

  The referendum on independence is part of a deal to end a war that  killed some two million people.

 A new border will split the country  in two, the south gets lucrative oil fields but the north has the  key pipelines, a recipe for peace perhaps.

 But huge challenges remain.

  Rival security forces have clashed in the south this weekend, at least  six dead.

 The wider world and some celebrity campaigners warn this  divorce needs careful handling.

 are here because we want to make  sure that we keep focus on an issue that could, if it's messed up, will  end up being one of the Great Wars of the 21st century.

  And yet, for all the dangers, and the sheer logistics of organising  such a vote in a vast impoverished region, things are on track.

 Some  people hoped, some people feared this referendum would never happen,  that South Sudan would be denyed the chance to vote for independence,  but so far, this whole process is going a lot more smoothly than  expected.

 In a region exhausted by a lifetime  of conflict, they call it simply liberation.

  We take you now to the sports news.

 Here is Matt.

  Thank you very much.

 News of today's FA Cup action in a moment,  but first the manager of Liverpool, Roy Hodgson's left the clubby  mutual consent.

 He won only seven of 20 Premier League games since he  took over last July and leaves the club just four points above the  relegation places.

 The former player and manager Kenny Dalglish  has been placed in charge until the end of the season.

 Joe Wilson is  outside Anfield for us.

 Liverpool is a football club which prides  itself on traditional values of expressing loyalty to a manager.

 In  the case of Roy Hodgson, there was no option.

 His record left the fans  turning their back on Liverpool and for the new owners, that's  unthinkable, you can't run a profitable football club with the  fans in revolt so Hodgson had to pay the price.

 Rejected.

 Roy  Hodgson's been a manager for 35 years.

 At Liverpool, he lasted six  months, leaving with a familiar longing for more time.

 But for a  while, he really has been walking Liverpool need immediate  improvement and no longer trust Hodgson.

 He's just turned out to be  the wrong manager at the wrong time.

 There's lots of negativity about  the club.

 They're losing games, but as much as anything, it's the way  they've been playing and a problem with the fans as well after the  Wolves game.

 Liverpool endured miserable results under Hodgson and  lost to Northampton in the Carling Cup and few fans will be sad to see  him go.

 It was too big a job for him.

 Fulham was one thing,  Liverpool was another.

 The job was too much for him.

 This is a test  for the new American owner John Henry and he's turned to a tried  and tested tactic.

 When the future looks bleak, return to the past.

  Kenny Dalglish will take charge of the team for the rest of the season,  a mon who's lived Liverpool since he was signed from Celtic for a  then record fee in 1977.

 A man.

 He took over as player/magistrater and  was -- manager and was there until he left managerial roles.

 He's  still got the know-how.

 He he puts that on the pitch, only time will  tell.

 I think the players will be lifted, the fans were this morning.

  Hodgson could never match Liverpool's emotional bond with  Dalglish.

 His appointment will buy the new owners time.

 It won't  guarantee success.

 If gal gleesh is to inspire a new  and very different generation of Liverpool players, tomorrow will be  a good time to start -- Dalglish.

 Liverpool are away at Manchester  United in the FA Cup and that's throwing up some remarkable stories  already this weekend, Matt.

 Thank you.

  Yes, it was a day of shocks in the FA Cup, four Premier League sides  were knocked out by lower league opposition at the third round stage,  arguably the biggest upset at stadge where the Premier League  side beat Newcastle 3-1 -- Stevenage.

 The last time Stevenage  played Newcastle in the FA Cup was in 1998.

 They held them to a draw  before losing in a replay.

 This time they went one better, the game  came to life in the second half.

 Long's effort cannoned in to give  the League Two side the lead.

 Seconds later, Bosswick struck.

  Stevenage were 2-0 up.

 When Newcastle showed passion, they were  punished for it.

 A red card for this challenge.

 The ten men of  Newcastle threw a goal back.

 The last word when to Stevenage and  Wynn.

 13 years after the narrow defeat, Stevenage acted sweet  revenge.

 Here is a look at the Arsenal look to be on their way out  of the competition after going behind against Leeds, but Fabregas  came off the bench to convert a penalty in the last minute,  ensuring a replay.

 Three SPL sides will have to play  their fourth round Scottish Cup The BBC Sports personality of the  year, Tony McCoy, kept a memorable few months by winning the Welsh  National at Chepstow -- capped a memorable few months.

 He'd already  won the England, Irish and Scottish Nationals.

  He won on Synchronised.

 Martin "Wolfie" Adams will pay Dean  Winstanley in the World BDO Darts Championships tomorrow after they  both came through their semi-final matches.

  That is all the sport for now.

 Kate.

 Thank you very much.

 The main news  now: An American congresswoman's been critically injured in a mass  shooting in Arizona, at least five people are confirmed dead.

 You can  see continuing coverage of that

 transactions.

 BBC News.

  Now it is time for Klich.

 You need  to meet a few more burgers.

 -- eat.

  This week Click looks at science beyond fiction at the Tech Expo are  looking for the next big idea.

 20 years after the birth of the world  wide web we ask its creator's Sir Tim Berners-Lee whether all  information should be free.

 Also the latest tech news from around  the world and a download that will  turn you into a virtual D-Day in  Webscape.

 -- discs jockey.

 If you could invent something, what would  you dream be? And invisibility cloak, a swarm of robots to do your  bidding.

 Two such dreams will be turned into reality at a price of 1  billion euros each.

 We travel to Hungary to discover that the race  is on to develop something unique.

 In Budapest time is running out.

 In  a city where old and new collide, scientists chase a massive call of  cash.

 This is a race for the citizen.

 The faster we get these  applications about into factories, homes and hospitals, the better  life will be for everyone.

 More research is needed -- all  researchers need to scoop the prize is a futuristic idea which floats.

  Not the bus.

 It needs to be bigger than the bus.

 From 21 grand ideas,  only six have made it here to Europe's future technologies Expo.

  This video shows the potential of one of the finalists.

 Imagine  wearable, bendable and colour changeable take.

 -- tech.

 Many  times more powerful than today's processors.

 The breakthrough could  be a material called graphine, which researchers believe it or  replace silicon as the basis of all electronics.

 On a graphine is a  single layer of carbon atoms arranged in a hexagonal shape.

  is 300 times stronger than steel, a  yet flexible.

 It can open a  completely new applications.

 These are early days and some do not  believe that graphine can deliver.

 But that is the point of research.

  Or what about creating a virtual mirror of the world's data where  ideas or new laws could be given a dry run to see what effect they  might have before being implemented for real? There is a huge amount of  data out there already.

 A data deluge that we are trying to take  with.

 -- cope with.

 We try to identify patterns of behaviour be  then that so that the sociologist or social scientist can help us  understand how they were.

 Other ideas include mapping the human  brain and developing rebate sensors inside the body.

 Helping monitor at  our vital signs to improve health or help us take care of those we  love.

 All six ideas in this X Factor for signs will be given 7  million euros to develop their ideas before the EC decides which  two will each win 1 billion euros to fund research over the next ten  years.

 We are very conscious that we have to take greater risks and  confident enough that Europe collectively knows how to do  research risk-taking.

 So now is the  time to make a big bet.

 Thank you  you's you detect -- the EU's future TEC conference is about encouraging  smaller researchers.

 From robot that tried to replicate the seniors  within us to a human body movements to mind over matter.

 In this case  making the robot turn left or right through the power of thought.

 If we  can make bionic limbs to replace those we have lost, we will need to  understand how to control them.

 Preferably just by thinking.

 And  crucially with this project to control something even when your  mind is indulging in other things.

 Lots of robots on show at the Expo  this year.

 Many trying to learn from the animal kingdom.

 Where we  might miss something in poor light, the whiskers on this one provide an  extra sense.

 The investments of animals are also been replicated  because this eel has the ability to move any section of its body it can  replicate the energy-saving movements of its sea-going  equivalent, reducing reducing battery used by a large percentage.

  This one simulates a movement that may be particularly effective under  water.

 Getting many robots to work together is another idea.

 If one is  not doubt the others can adapt and continue their mission.

 The idea  might sound dangerous if they could read, but first the robots have to  get the books.

 What are these people up to? Elides are on but no  when his Tobin.

 In this experiment researchers are harnessing the  vibrations from dancing to power with the electrics.

 Energy  harvesting could be the next green thing, whether it is from  vibrations of a car or a mobile phone.

 Just how much energy can we  harvest from doing what we are already doing? Researchers at  collegiate university in Italy have come up with this iPhone app which  simulate exactly that.

 Whether I am shaking it vigorously or just  listening to it, those tiny vibrations could be turning to  energy to power was something.

 How much is all this worth? In those 30  seconds just enough to power a digital watch for two seconds.

  are on a stepping stone because we are able to help Badgerys to live  longer at the moment.

 In the future we have the possibility to remove  the batteries.

 Mobile electronics could provide energy.

 In the future  this energy can be useful to power sensors so small they can be in  planted inside your blood to monitor the health status of your  body.

 All these projects involve longer term experimentation in the  hope of creating something new.

 Thank you readies ago we tried  these bizarre shoes and they emitted sounds of what it would be  like to walk on different surfaces.

  Now the team have added.

.

.

.

 Walking  across fresh snow is weird, but fun.

 They could add an extra dimension  to video gaming or tell them you said they were heading in the wrong  directions.

 No map or mobile inside.

  -- in sight.

 While the European  Commission is deciding which two ideas should share the 2 billion  euros giveaway, perhaps you would like to tell us which one you think  should win.

 Next up, this week's tech news.

 Reeling from one of the  biggest security breaches in history, Sony began the week  confident enough to resume servers.

 No sooner had it done so than it  was forced to take the services of line again as word circulated of  than exploiting the new password  resets system.

 A hacker could  change a users new password using any a date of birth.

 On Google has  acted to Paddy security hole which affected users of Android handsets.

  The vulnerability allowed hackers to access information when users  tried to access server unsecured wi-fi networks.

 Ovi is dead.

 Nokia  has done to its online store and software brand.

 Not here will now  use its own name Tibet to connect with its customers.

 There are  rumours that Nokia will be bought by Microsoft.

 Last week we asked if  2011 could be the year for a new field communications.

 This week  Orange launches the UK's first swipe and pay service for your  mobile.

 Only one handset will support to the quick tap at launch.

  You'll also need to load your phone using a credit card.

 American  tweeter Stephanie Gordon has found herself an online superstar after  admitting a picture and video of the total Endeavour.

 She was on a  plane at the time and one of her  30s has now been few believe  This summer, the world wide web that turns 20.

 The man credited  with weaving that word is Sir Tim Berners-Lee.

 Two decades on, we  spoke to him about his ongoing  mission to make the world a more  open place.

 The weather is often confused with the intent but it is  actually the thing that makes the internet usable, turning it from  wires and addresses into something that we can easily navigator by  allowing us to link data and presented in a readable form.

 The  Web has transformed the way we communicate and share information.

  The inspiration came from being swamped with scientific data.

 Of  course we're all swamped with data today.

 Everyone and everything  around us is generating it.

 But today, we use the data as currency,  trading our deep house in return for useful services.

 With that, a  debate is raging over how open and accessible that information should  be.

 Do we have a right to see and use the dossier of data that  governments and organisations hold on us? The value data has, whether  you are trying to vote for someone, trying to figure out whether you  have a disease, whether you are a journalist, the value of having  data is huge.

 It is also valuable for industry.

 If you have got a  business, there is a lot of data you rely on.

 A lot of businesses  would be more efficient if they had access to data which is currently  behind a website which doesn't update properly.

 Sir Tim Berners-  Lee firmly believes that they do should be open, accessible and  useful.

 But for many firms, the data they hold has a value.

 Away  from commercially sensitive information, should public  organisations and governments be  able to sell 80? It is difficult to  measure the value.

 When you look at so many things, return on  investment of the Web, you cannot put a number on it.

 So many people  think we cannot do without.

 It is the same with data.

 When you put it  out there, it makes people's lives easier.

 It goes faster and more  efficiently.

 The country goes  better.

 Making the data available  for free is the best thing to do economically.

 Some think that  people -- the data should be free to the East end of breaking the law  to liberate it.

 Take for example the leaking of top-secret  government data allegedly stolen by a soldier in the American army.

  That information was passed to Wikileaks, which made it available  to the world.

 How does the father of the weather feel about his baby  being used to expose such sensitive information? I would not say that  Wikileaks did the League.

 It is important to separate the two  things.

 One is that somebody talk confidential information, breaking  all kinds of details I do not know.

  I understand it was not public  information.

 Wikileaks itself put it out.

 It is not to be criticised  as though it had stolen the data.

 This rattling of information is a  concern to Tim Berners-Lee.

 The debate about Ned neutrality also  continues to rage.

 That is the founding principle of the internet,  that every piece of information is treated equally.

 So those firms  that run the internet's infrastructure cannot pick and  choose which sides should run quicker than others.

 The worries  Brodie before Sir Tim Berners-Lee.

 It is whether the companies and  government can use the network servers to control what you can see.

  Control what you buy, what you believe, what religious sites you  get to.

 Not to mention to spy on  what you're doing.

 Constant battles.

  Until, in each country, we get a well-established tradition about  net neutrality, there will always  be companies trying to pull a fast  one and influence or prevent people from getting to their competitors'  website.

 We have to be under constant vigilance.

 We have to make  sure that it does not happen on our watch.

 The original whether Master,  Sir Tim Berners-Lee.

 We have our  very own mistress, Kate Russell.

  She has been mixing it up online.

 There is nothing more annoying than  the pregnant pause between tracks when you were shaking your BT on  the dancefloor.

 So I had a look at  some digital DJ tools recommended  by my Twitter account.

 DJ but -- virtualdj .

com was the best.

 You  can start building a mix immediately.

 This is a really  complex piece of software that allows you to do an awful lot more  than just the saving between tracks in a plane is.

 If you are making a  dance music list for a party, there are some very good affects you can  use to give a professional sounding finish.

 As well as being able to  adjust the speed and tempo, you can also apply it affects.

 Once you  have perfected the set, you can play it live or record a session.

  You can spend time with your guests  instead of sweating over the  turntables all night.

 Once you have made the perfect mix,  why not impress whoever you made it four by adding a light show? Light  graffiti is a clever iPhone out that it is so simple it verges on  billions.

 It is not free, but it only costs 59p.

 That is well worth  it.

 To show .

 To show works, I am going to have do programme in the  text or image that I want to  display.

 When I am ready, I just's  and away we go.

 If you have a friend with the apple to, you can  use the light function.

 It is a long exposure setting on the camera  so you can also capture images with any camera that will lead to  control the exposure.

 With all this creativity, you will need the ideal  partner to share it with.

 Taste buds but fm provides an interesting  spin on the traditional dating side by making you find -- helping you  find people with the same taste of music.

 You connect using Facebook.

  Or you can open a new account and the start from scratch.

 Don't  forget to upload a photograph.

 This is supposed to be a dating website.

  The next step is to name at least three bans or artists that you  really like.

 The more you add, the more refined your matches will be.

  Make sure you use common sense when make -- when making new contacts  and play it super save if you decide to meet someone for the  first time.

 One for the women now.

 A cosmetics  company has released an interesting Facebook app, House of Colour.

 It  lets you try on different make-up looks using photos from your  Facebook.

 It works surprisingly we wehink it is a proper way  for a company to reach a whole new audience.

 As we go to the finish  line of the show, I want you to remind you that the Olympic torch  rid was revealed this week.

 If you want to support the about -- 8,000  runners who will take it on the  tour of UK, checkout the  interactive map at London 2012 .

com.

 Those links are up at the website.

  It's you will also find the reports in video form and a link to the  radio programme.

 This week, the programme discusses the South  Korean law which forces uses to give their real names when signing  up to online forums.

 Has it put an

 That is it for now.

 We are off to  Good evening and welcome to Points West.

 Tonight, we are at Clifton in  Bristol where there have been major developments in the Joanna Yeates  murder inquiry.

 Tonight, we have new information about the crime  that shocked the nation.

 In the early hours of this morning, a 32  year-old man was arrested.

 Tonight, detectives are searching the next-  door apartment to Jo's.

 That flat was occupied by this man, a Dutch  architect.

 And tonight, police are at another address in Bristol.

  And in today's other news across the west tonight:  The latest on the extradition of a Bristol man accused of hiring a  hitman to kill his wife.

 A court hears how Shrien Dewani is  suffering from acute stress disorder.

  Caring for your disabled child - what local charities think should  be done to give more support.

.

 And in a rush to grow up - we meet  the baby Giraffe with a spring in I am at Canynge Road, at Clifton in  Bristol, outside the home of Joanna Yeates, who was found murdered a  short distance away on Christmas Day.

 You can see where the flowers  are laid against the wall outside.

 Her body was found in Long Ashton.

  It's been a day of rapid developments.

 Let me just run  through them for you.

 Out of the blue, the police made an arrest in  the early hours of this morning.

 The suspect is a 32-year-old man.

  Tonight, officers are searching the flat next door to Jo's, which is  registered to Vincet Tabak, a Dutch architect.

 A second flat in Redland,  where Mr Tabak went to stay after the murder, is also the scene of a  police search tonight.

 The police have issued a statement thanking  Jo's family and boyfriend for their support during this complex, high-  profile investigation.

 Because of legal reasons, they are run able to  say anything else.

 -- unable.

 Our first report tonight is from John  Maguire.

 Two addresses in Bristol are the  subject tonight of two police searches.

 Detectives arrested the  32-year-old man, who they won't identify, during the early hours of  this morning at this property, a flat on Aberdeen Road in Redland.

  This afternoon, police sealed off the road to allow crime scene  investigators to examine the scene.

 The area is largely student flats,  but next door is a family home.

 And didn't hear anything this morning.

  Then I looked out of the window, there were TV cameras, police here  and everything.

 Just over a mile away is Canynge Road, where Jo  lived with her boyfriend.

 Her flat is the lower-ground-floor property  on the right.

 But this morning.

 Police brought in scaffolding  contractors to build a screen behind the neighbouring flat,  number two.

 The electoral roll shows this man, Vincet Tabak from  Holland, lives there.

 Here's Mr Tabak receiving his doctorate.

  He works at this architect in Bath.

 Today, the firm were referring  callers to Avon and Somerset police.

 Detectives told Jo's parents of the  arrest early today.

 Her father The officer leading the  investigation said: This is a major It's now hoped next week's  Crimewatch will receive a good response - this investigation has  many parts - but one aim is to find and convict Jo's killer.

  As John was saying there, it is a very complex police operation.

 We  will speak like to him in a moment or so.

 -- collide.

  It seems the publicity surrounding the filming of the BBC Crimewatch  reconstruction and the appeal by Jo's mother and father this week  may have given the police vital information, after 300 people got  in touch.

 The relationship between the press and the police has been  one of mutual exasperation at times during this inquiry.

 But the  detectives and Jo's family knew they had to keep the story in the  This was Points West on the day of the first mention of Joanna Yeates'  disappearance.

 Police in Bristol are concerned for the safety of a  25-year-old woman who has gone missing from her home.

 Joe  Unigate's disappearance was described as out of character.

 --  Jo Yeates.

 I remember it was a busy news day - and as disappearances  are not uncommon, the Joanna story was almost dropped.

 But there was  something different about Joanna.

 Experienced detectives and  journalistic old hands knew instinctively this wasn't run of  the mill.

 They were proved right - and everyone's fears were confirmed  early on Christmas day when Joanna's body was found in a  freezing ditch in a cold lane.

 Later our helicopter shot showed  the killer's logic - it was feet away from a deep quarry that few  knew existed.

 Joanna's landlord.

 -- : Chris Jefferies, was arrested,  but he was later freed - although he is still on bail.

 In the  meantime, Clifton Village, described by the poet John Betjeman  as the most beautiful suburb in England was on edge.

 I just don't  want to walk on my own mad -- 0 not died.

 I make sure I am with someone.

  -- I don't like to walk atoned -- on my own.

 If you know something,  and you do not come forward, you what consciously hampering the  apprehension of Joanna's killer.

 least 300 calls followed Joanna's  family's latest appeal this week.

 And the Crimewatch reconstruction  brought publicity to a new high.

 That may have led to today's arrest  of a 32-year-old man - who's flat in the same house is being searched.

  The police, anxious to avoid a repeat of the media coverage that  surrounded Chris Jefferies, have clamped down hard on information,  warning the media of the Contempt of Court Act which is framed to  give defendants a fair trial.

 But the now the pressure is on again,  to charge or to release the suspect.

 Let's go live now to John Maguire,  who's in Aberdeen Road in Redland - about a mile from here.

  We know the police have to be cagey because of the legal situation  surrounding this arrest, but are they saying any more tonight?  row know, we have had very little information.

 -- note.

 In their  situation like this when an arrest is made, the police will normally  confirmed some bodies age, whether it is a man or woman, whether they  are local to a certain area, but all we have had are those very bare  bones, that a 32-year-old man was arrested early this morning.

 This  is Aberdeen Road, you can see the crime scene investigation van just  behind me with an officer in front.

 In the last couple of minutes, the  police have brought a transit van up to the property, number 37, and  removed to walk free wheelie bins and a bicycle, so that gives you an  idea of the level of forensic activity -- number back off three  wheelie bins.

 We have not seen this her in recent days as a crime scene  in Canynge Road, it seems as if most of the work had been done, but  the scaffold has returned and the crime scene investigators have  returned, searching the other flat in flat two.

 Many aspects being  searched by the police tonight, I am sure they would want to  reiterate that they are still very keen to hear any information, any  details are told that any body may have that can help them to really  cracked this case.

 -- crack this case.

  We thought only this week that the trail may be going it cold, and  then today we have had that these developments.

 Let me just run  through them, I know there is enormous public interest in this  case.

 A 32-year-old man is in police custody tonight.

 And the  home of one of Jo's neighbours in the same mansion block is being  searched.

 A second property in Redland is being examined.

 And  callers at Mr Vincet Tabak's place of work in Bath were being referred  to the police press office.

 The police are still asking for any  information you may have that could help them.

 The Crimewatch programme  that was scheduled for transmission next Wednesday, we have spoken to  the BBC tonight and they do not they get with a bad programme has  been pulled.

 At the moment, it is scheduled for transmission -- if  that programme has been pulled.

 The rest of today's news now.

 A  court's heard that the Bristol businessman Shrien Dewani is  suffering from acute stress.

 Mr Dewani is accused of hiring a  hitman to kill his wife while on honeymoon in South Africa.

 The  authorities there want to extradite him.

 Here's Catherine Powell.

  It's been two months since since Anni Dewani was found shot dead on  her honeymoon.

 She and 31-year-old Shrien Dewani had been married for  just two weeks.

 They had been visiting a township on the  outskirts of Cape town when their taxi was attacked.

 Shrien Dewani  said he was thrown from the car.

 The following day, Anni Dewani's  body was found.

 She'd been shot in the neck.

 Three weeks later, their  taxi driver was sentenced to 18 years in prison for organising the  murder.

 As part of a plea bargain, he claimed Shrien Dewani had paid  him to organise the killing.

 Mr Dewani was arrested and appeared in  court the following day, at an extradition hearing.

 Shrien Dewani  has always denied any involvement in his wife's death and has fought  attempts to extradite him.

 If he had to go to South Africa, would he  be given bail? If he is not given bail, would he be held in custody  in one of the notorious jails in Cape Town? And if he is held in  custody, of what guarantees can someone give that a plastic bag  will not be held over his head? These are real fears.

  extradition case against Mr Dewani - seen here at an earlier bail  appearance in Bristol - was due to be opened this morning in London.

  But his solicitor told the hearing Mr Dewani had been diagnosed with  acute stress disorder.

 He's next due to appear on February 8th.

  Well, to help explain South African Law and extradition, joining us now  is Nicholas Clough who is a Criminal Lawyer.

 Thank you for  coming in.

 How easy is it to be extradited? It is fairly easy, but  complicated at the same time.

 If this was a European country that  was asking for him to be extradited, the police would simply go to the  court and ask for and European arrest warrant and go to that  country and bring him back.

 This is South Africa, which is a category  to country, we haven't extradition treaty with them, and within 45  days of the arrest of anybody, they have to apply to the Home Secretary  for her to describe -- decide whether extradition is right.

 Then  it goes before a court, where it is now, before a district judge, and  if it is decided that extradition is right, the person concerned has  14 days to apply to the High Court by way of appeal.

 So what what  grounds can extradition be avoided? Only on two, really.

 One is that it  would affect his human rights.

 But the other is that the warrant is  defective.

 And the health issue coming into the former of those two,  is that a finite amount of time that that could be used to avoid  extradition? Not really.

 We will not extradite somebody if it will  badly affect their health, just as the same way we will not make them  stand trial.

 How frequent his extradition to South Africa? It is  fairly rare.

 It is the first time I have heard for a long time for  somebody to be extradited, if Mr Dewani is to be extradited.

 Thank  you very much.

 A man arrested in Spain, in  connection with the murder of a Bristol teenager, is to be brought  back to the UK.

 18-year-old Abdirisak Mohamoud, who was from  Fishponds, died from a single stab wound in July.

 An extradition  order's been granted by the Spanish authorities after a 20-year-old man  was arrested in Barcelona on Monday.

 Avon and Somerset Police, the  Serious Organised Crime Agency and their Spanish counterparts are  arranging for the man to be brought back to Britain.

  As South Gloucestershire charity says it may be able to help the  mother who has been drawn into a political storm over support for  disabled children.

 Ridden Vincent criticised the David Cameron on a  parenting website, saying she was going to have to put her disabled  daughter into residential care if she did not get more support.

 She  said she had been promised help by the Prime Minister in the run-up to  last year's General Election.

 She did not want to talk to the BBC  today, but help may be on its way, as ever Campbell has been finding  out.

 This play room is specially  designed for disabled children.

 It is part of a drop-in centre where  children and their families can get support, support that is badly  needed by parents who may be at the end of their tether.

 Sometimes all  they need is somebody to look after their child or maybe a couple of  hours a week, and it just helps them, that couple of hours may be  all they need.

 We will contact the family and invite her to come into  the centre.

 Any time she wants.

 And we will discuss the possibility of  offering her one of our services.

 Nick Jones and his daughter often  use the centre.

 Six year-old abbey has very similar disabilities to  Kelly Vincent.

 She has cerebral palsy and epilepsy.

 She cannot walk  or talk and is registered blind.

 Her father knows the pressure be  Vincent family are under.

 I know exactly what they are going through.

  It is a struggle.

 A lot of hard work.

 There is a lack of sleep,  sleep deprivation.

 There is a lot of pain involved.

 Bitten, scratched,  at your hair pulled.

 Just the frustration of not being able to  tell you what she wants.

 With severe disabilities, it is a 24  hour care job.

 It is not just you can put them to bed and had a rest  yourself.

 After these parents are up throughout the night, they do  not sleep and over the years, they get so, so tired.

 With the party  decreasing from local authorities and potentially the NHS in the  future, I worry for the future -- pot.

 We spoke to said  Gloucestershire council and she said -- they said they had been  supporting Mrs Vincent since shortly after her daughter was born  and there had been no reduction in the care she recedes.

 However, they  also confirmed she had approached them asking for extra help and a  meeting has been arranged to discuss their extra needs.

  The River Avon in Bath is one of the city's popular tourist  attractions but it is often associated with tragedy as well.

 In  the last year, the Fire Service have carried out 11 rescues and  today they are calling for more precautions to stop accidents  happening.

 Lizzie Way has this report.

  It might look beautiful, but it's a deadly attraction.

 Fast-flowing  rivers with low temperatures mean if you fell in, there is a low  chance of survival.

 Today, the council met to discuss ideas with  the Fire Service about how to make people more aware of the river's  dangers.

 People tend to see water as quite benign.

 By whole issue is  that the sort of complacency -- the whole issue.

 There is a significant  risk attached to water, especially water like we have today, where it  has got a really low temperature and is fast flowing.

 The chances of  survival are quite reduced.

 It's this message that the Fire Service  want everyone to hear.

 So does Marion Flagg.

 Her son, Casper, died  after falling in the water in 2009.

 She too is backing the call for  everyone to understand the risks the river holds.

 Not going near  water alone, make sure someone is with you.

 But going into the water.

  If you want to swim, swim somewhere that is protected by lifeguards.

  Consume any alcohol if he was going to interact with water in any shape  or form -- don't consume.

 There are many areas along the river that it  did not have any railings, and it is these patches that the fire  service they are potentially so dangerous if you while walking  along at night.

 You could become disorientated and it is very easy  to mistake with the edge of the Wall actually finishes and the  river begins.

 Ideas suggested today included leaflets and more signs.

  Anything to keep these waters calm and far from tragedy.

  One of the companies bidding to redevelop the Tropicana site in  Weston Super Mare has pulled out of the process today.

 Wiltshire based  company Havard Tisdale says it feels its plans are no longer  commercially viable.

 North Somerset has cancelled a public exhibition  of the plans to be held at the Winter Gardens tomorrow and  Saturday.

 The plans by the remaining bidder, Weston-based  Nightingale Group will be now considered by the council.

  The prototype of the dress worn by the Queen Mother at her wedding is  up for auction in Bristol next month.

 The dress was made by Madame  Handley Seymour, and goes up for sale alongside costumes which were  worn by some of acting's best known names.

 Alice Bouverie's been to  have a look.

 Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon married the  future George VI at Westminster Abbey in 1923.

 Her dress followed  the style of the time - a simple but beautifully made beaded flapper  dress.

 The Queen Mother's dressmaker Madame Handley Seymour  made three prototype dresses and The design she chose.

 For a wedding  dress, I think it is really an elegant.

 It got bad press in its  day, they said it was their day.

 It was just after the First World War,  just like Kate Middleton is going to have to be low-key because of  the recession, so the Queen Mother was in her time.

 It was a bit muted.

  The Queen Mother's dressmaker Madame Handley Seymour made three  prototype dresses and this was the design she chose.

 The guide price  has been put at 500 to 700 pounds, but the auctioneers here think it  might go for a lot more.

 Even the Palace has been in touch.

 The  timing of the auction couldn't be better.

 The most popular film of  the moment is The King's Speech, all about how George VI overcomes a  bad stammer, helped by his wife.

 But the Queen Mother's dress isn't  the only thing which might attract the buyers.

 Beautiful little satin  green shoes that were made for a fancy dress party.

 There are  dresses from the '20s to the '60s.

 A showgirl's headdress from the  '50s.

 A pair of Edwardian shoes made for a fancy dress party.

 Also,  a costume the late Heath Ledger wore for the film The Four Feathers.

  This in particular is a little bit different to the high street.

 You  can buy different things in a vintage sale.

 Nice to buy something  that would hopefully go up in value, you can wear it and it still goes  up in value.

 Well, apparently, all the celebs are wearing vintage at  the moment, so I thought I might have a look around and see what I  can find.

 $$WHTIE It's the first time an auction of this kind has  taken place in Bristol, and it's on February 1st.

 I just don't know an  occasion when I would wear this.

 If it is successful, there are plans  for several more.

 A I love this.

  I spotted about 10 things in the background that I have already got  my eye on.

 I wonder what size they are.

  They evolved on the grass plains of the African savannah.

 So the past  few months will have been a bit of a shock for Longleat's newborn  Rothschild Giraffes.

 They've survived their first taste  of a British winter and next month, they'll have their first  introduction to the Great British public.

 Jules Hyam's been to catch  up with the latest addiions to a highly endangered species.

  Remember this little fellow? Kaiser is his name, a few weeks old here.

  When we first met him in August, we got a bit of a surprise.

 Because  another baby giraffe was born that day, and we caught Kate taking her  first steps.

 Five months on and look at Kaiser now.

 He and Kate are  both doing well, and have been joined by a third youngster.

 All of  the calf's that we had at last year are doing really well.

 They are  definitely getting personalities there.

 The last one to be bored,  quite a mean little character.

 She looks at you with intent! -- to be  born.

 Kaiser has decided we are all right and is making friends with us,  seeing if we have got anything to eat.

 Kate is just a very quiet,  lovely little animal and just kind of get on with it.

 There are  definitely characters coming through.

 It is not just the  giraffes that have to find their feet.

 This is a white rhino, just a  few months old and was handed in Germany, so she is now having to  work out herself what it is to be a rider.

 She had never even seen  another rhinoceros before she came here, so she is now at meeting her  own kind and developing natural behaviours -- behaviours, just as  the giraffes are developing bears.

 That matters, because quite simply,  there aren't many of their kind left.

 -- developing that theirs.

  There are ready around 500 left.

 That is what safari parks are all  about, reserves, said that if anything bad does happen, these  animals are here to bail us out of the problems we are causing.

  And lovely to see the sun out as well.

 Let's turn to the weather now.

  Can we have more of that? I can offer you a bit more sunshine,  yes.

 It is not looking too bad for yes.

 It is not looking too bad for  tomorrow.

 Clear skies there, we have the still bright moon.

 Thank  you for the shots during the course of the day from the moon last night.

  -- of the moon last night.

 You can see the craters of Copernicus, and  the moon tonight, still pretty full, but it is going to be a cold night  across the region.

 Although it is cold across the West Country,  globally across 2010, it was either the warmest or the second warmest  year on record, confirmed by the met Office and by Nasa.

 It goes to  show, we think locally, but if we look at the bigger picture, a very  warm year across the earth.

 The weather is dominated by high  pressure at the moment and over the next few days, you will hear  weather forecasters giving key barometer readings, scraping the  barrel as they try to find things to say.

 It is currently 1039  millibars, 30.

69 inches.

 Coming back to the detail, similar to last  night.

 The fog is picking up -- thickening up already, temperatures  well below Thursday.

 Up through Somerset bail and -- bail, that is  where it will be most thick.

 Maybe staying on or just above freezing  by the coast, but not by much.

 Tomorrow, we can expect more fog  first thing, taking a while to clear.

 If they persisted parts of  Gloucestershire until early afternoon.

 -- it may persist in  parts of Gloucestershire.

 Temperatures struggling, we are  gradually seeing a maximum temperature falling away, highs of  around four degrees for most parts of the region tomorrow afternoon.

  Late afternoon and evening, the same thing happens again, it goes  very frosty and we start to see the for developing once again.

 So it is  going to be chilly in Swindon tomorrow night, but that shouldn't  stop people going along to the Wyvern Theatre, there is a non-stop  variety show going on in aid of the mayor's charity.

 Well worth going  along.

 Not a great deal of change or the outlook, health -- high-  pressure among stars.

 During the day on Saturday, it will be bright,  but more in the wake of cloud and later on.

 Overnight into Sunday, we  will keep a lot of cloud, hence the temperatures are just above  freezing.

 Probably no fault of any significance, and during the day,  temperatures struggling -- fork.

 A rather grey back row Day on Sunday,  the same for Monday, and the way it looks on the long range charts, I  can't see the high pressure changing before the end of next  changing before the end of next weekend, so it should be tried all  the way through.

 It is not for everyone, but it is  my kind of winter day.

 Before we go, a reminder of our  main news story tonight.

 A 32-year- old man is being questioned by  police after being arrested in the early hours of this morning on  suspicion of murdering Jo Yeates.



 give us a few clues.

 We will be  Good afternoon.

 Police in Bahrain have fired tear-gas and shot guns  at anti- government demonstrators trying to resume their protests in  the centre of the capital Manama.

 The confrontation came just hours  after the government ordered the military of the street.

 Our  correspondent is in the capital of Bahrain and has sent this report on  the demonstrations from Pearl The moment when it astonished even  those who were there to seize it with both hands.

 All day long, they  had said the same thing.

 We will risk our lives if we have to do.

  They had walked into the guns of the security police before and many  of them had paid the price.

 They were, they said, ready to do it  again.

 They didn't have do.

 First, the army left the city centre.

 Then  the police, much more hated and feared than the military here, and  simply got in their vehicles and drove away.

 It was, for the  demonstrators, nothing short of the moment of their liberation.

 This is  exactly the moment the Bahrain government hoped to avoid, the  people marching on pole Square, unobstructed.

 They now have the  chance to make this square a symbolic place of resistance in the  heart of the capital, and once they are there it will be very difficult  to move them.

 Make no mistake, like Tahrir Square in Egypt, this is now  a sacred place.

 For I am happy.

 want freedom.

 We are not terrorists.

  We are peaceful.

 The tis the anger of the younger that has driven the  revolt, but the crowds that came were much more diverse.

 This is a  movement that has embraced all ages, women as well as men, Sunni Muslims  as well as Shia Muslims.

 They seem it United in the change they want.

  The this is what we want.

 We are not against the king or the ruling  family.

 What we want his constitutional reforms, very simple,  very easy.

 The people want to live in peace.

 In the relationship  between the state and the people it is a tipping point, potentially  epoch changing.

 The ruling family has ruled for two centuries.

 The  Prime Minister is the uncle of the King and has been in office for 40  years.

 His family dominates the Cabinet.

 The very name it unites  them in opposition, but there is very little appetite to remove the  King himself.

 Tonight the Crown Prince appeared on state television  and gave nothing away about the changes that will follow, but this  is a ruling family used to governing from the top down.

 Now,  humbling lead, it is them petitioning the people.

 This is not  the end of the fight.

 It is the beginning of a long negotiation  between the people and power.

 The protesters aim to DD in here and  already the signs are that they are prepared for a long and patient or  -- aim to DD in here.

 -- and long In Libya, human right campaigners  say at least 84 people have been killed in violent disturbances  there over the past few days.

 government protests have been  concentrated in the City of Benghazi in the east of the country  where they have been reports of The unnerving sound of gunshots.

  What follows is more violence too disturbing to show.

 They hint,  apparently, of the brutal reactions to Libya now turning up on the  internet.

 Another video of an anti- government march, and clear from  which date and also allegedly from East Libya.

 The protesters have  Easter Libyan accents and are calling for the overthrow of the  regime.

 Part of a patchwork of footage now turning up on YouTube  that may suggest widespread, if And a larger crowd, possibly  outside a mosque after Friday prayers yesterday.

 Again,  apparently protesting against Colonel Gadaffi's government.

  Powerful images of anti- regime protests that have not been seen in  Libya for decades.

 But how widespread this unrest is and what  widespread this unrest is and what is going on today's hard to gauge.

  As this graph shows, last night internet activity came to an abrupt  halt.

 An attempt by the regime to Even so reports of clashes,  especially in the rebellious East sound likely.

 Dozens are feared  dead and Britain has confirmed that its -- their work snipers and heavy  weapons used on protesters.

 These reports are horrified and we want  to make clear to the Libyan government that just because there  are not television cameras present, the scenes going on in Libya, that  does not mean that the world is not watching.

 We may only be getting  glimpses, but it seems that parts Barclays Bank paid less than 2.

5 %  of its multi- billion-pound profits in UK corporation tax last year.

  The rate for corporation tax is normally 28 %.

 Barclay says the  bill was low because of losses the previous years.

 Barclays Bank, like  all big banks, hoped to draw a line under the debate about how much  money they earn, but now the spotlight is on how much tax they  pay.

 Would you say that one of the ways companies meet their  obligations to society through the payment of tax? Yes or no? I think  payment of tax is an important responsibility of businesses, yes.

  After this grilling of the chief executive by MPs last month the  bank has released details of its corporation tax payments, but its  critics are still far from satisfied.

 We as taxpayers have put  in over 1.

2 trillion pounds of support into this sector.

 We are  hearing that the largest banks will make profits of £51.

7 billion this  year.

 All we are asking is that they make a fair contribution to  the public finances.

 The in Corporation tax is a levy on a  company's profits and the current rate is 28 %.

 Barclays made a  profit in 2009 of £4.

6 billion, but paid 130 million in corporation tax  in the UK, which works out as around 2.

4 % of its profits.

  knew look at the overall tax bill from banks, only about 20 % comes  from corporation tax -- when you look at the overall tax bill.

 But  even this level is remarkably low.

 Barclays has a legal obligation to  its owners, shareholders, to keep all costs to a minimum including  tax.

 At the same time Berkeley said it Berkeley's -- paying tax is one  of the key obligations to society and many people will not accept  that only £113 million was paid in corporation tax while £3.

5 billion  was paid in salaries and bonuses.

 Today this group of activists  stormed some branches of Barclays.

 A sit-in by the UK and cut movement  forced this one to close.

 A wider row over the behaviour of banks  looks like it is not moving on either.

 Labour leader Ed Miliband  has attacked the Government's plans to give more power to family  doctors in England.

 Speaking at the Welsh Labour Conference in  Llandudno, he accused ministers of planning to rip up the NHS.

  warned that David Cameron and the government that the ill feeling he  created over the forests will be like nothing compared to the anger  people will feel as he tries to rip apart the NHS.

 Doesn't he  understand that some things are too precious to be left to the market?  I have met more people in the NHS and talked to more people in the  NHS than anybody else in politics.

 I know, because the years I've been  talking to people in the NHS, that they feel if they had more  responsibility and resources at the front line they could do it better,  design a better and care for people better.

 That is the opportunity we  will give them.

 In football, FA Cup holders Chelsea are out of the  competition.

 Chasing their third successive win, they lost on  penalties to Everton in the replay of their fourth-round match at  One Live, one Love, one club, what about one goal? Having not scored  in their previous two matches, they paid for their errors against  Everton.

 Frank Lampard had enough chances to win three games on his  own and with seconds left a rare Everton attack, late and Baynes let  fly, but the assistant waved off side, just.

 Nil-nil, extra time,  and another chance for Chelsea and Lampard who finally could not miss.

  Game over, well, wait.

 Two minutes left, and an Everton free-kick and  a moment of sheer precision.

 1-1! It would take penalties to unlock  these teams.

 An early miss by the

 Hello, I'm Sally Taylor.

 Welcome to  South Today.

 In tonight's programme:  Seconds cost lives.

.

.

so why is Surrey fire service extending 999  emergency response times? Flushing out their hidden customers  - Thames Water offers an amnesty, or face hefty bills.

  An emotional weekend in Portsmouth, as the public say farewell to Ark  Royal and her crew.

 Of the path I have seen this ship through the  start, middle and the end, so it is a poignant time.

  And making their mark - what can these children learn from 30,000  years ago? It is better to live now, but in some ways, I would have  preferred to live in the Stone Age.

 It's a safety message we keep  hearing - in a fire, seconds cost lives.

 Today unions claimed Surrey  fire service plans to give itself more time to get to 999 call outs.

  At the moment, Surrey aims to get the first fire engine to an  incident within eight minutes.

 The proposal is to change that to ten  minutes.

 It's prompted a disagreement with the Fire Brigade  Union about how the response times are calculated.

 Fire chiefs insist  the changes will improve the service and save almost £3 million.

  Let's join Joe Campbell, who's at Guildford fire station.

  And a one thing tonight is undeniable, and that his change is  coming to the County of Surrey's Fire and rescue Service.

 The  current proposals are now up for consultation.

 One of the three fire  engines at Guildford behind us would be withdrawn in the future.

  But the Fire Brigades Union says that by massaging response time  figures, in actual fact far deeper cuts are coming down the tracks,  and they will mean more lives lost and more damage to property and  fires in the future.

 Where can you smell the smoke? Can you activate  the fire alarm for the property? call for help.

 Ackland like this,  that help cannot come soon enough.

 But tonight, Surrey fire service is  accused by those who go out on such emergencies of moving the goalposts  over its target for getting to 999 calls.

 Fire brigades can set their  own response times.

 Many start the clock at the moment the control  room staff answer the 999 call.

 The Fire Brigades Union claims Surrey  now wants to start the clock when the fire engine leaves the fire  station.

 That could be three to six minutes after the call was first  answered.

 It is a deliberate ploy by the service to pull the wool  over the public's eyes.

 They do not want the public to realise that  this is extending the response standard more than they are saying  on paper.

 But it is, and goes against many fire brigades'  response times.

 We are not being honest if we do something different.

  Firemen may have had time to train, but service managers say this is  when they are at their busiest.

 To meet demand, they want to  concentrate resources in the daylight hours, albeit cutting the  number of engines potentially on called by a third.

 Service chiefs  deny they are massaging response times to disguise the impact of the  changes.

 The where attendance times have always been measured is that  the clock starts when our Fire Service control knows the address  and have identified the quickest appliance and dispatch unit.

 That  will continue to be the case.

 We will continue to comply with the  guidance issued by the Fire Services Inspectorate in 1993.

  Surrey Fire and rescue insists these changes are not being driven  by cuts to its finances, but there is no denying, like everyone in the  public sector, they are having to make do with less.

  UNISON members working for the Great Western Ambulance service in  Wiltshire will take industrial action in six days' time unless  managers change their mind.

 The dispute centres on proposed changes  in shift patterns.

 There'll be a work to rule if there aren't  further amendments.

 The trust says it has robust contingency plans in  place to ensure a safe and effective 999 service.

  An 18-year-old woman from West Sussex has pleaded guilty to  causing death by careless driving following an accident which left  one of her friends dead and two more seriously injured.

 The  accident happened at Wisborough Green, near Billingshurst, last  August.

 It was 4.

45 one Saturday afternoon  last summer when 18-year-old Laura Stocker lost control of her  Vauxhall Corsa at a junction and collided with a lorry.

 She hadn't  been drinking or using her mobile phone, and witnesses said she  wasn't speeding.

 Magistrates heard expert evidence today saying it was  likely to have been just a momentary lack of concentration.

  But as well as causing herself brain injuries and ongoing  psychological problems, it led to the death of one of her passengers,  17-year-old Kirsty Hicks.

 Friends posted these internet tributes to  Kirsty.

 She had been travelling in the back of the car and received  serious head injuries and died in hospital six days later.

 Also in  the car were two other friends.

 16- year-old Josh Humphries remains in  hospital with head injuries and 18- year-old Jack Geddes was also  seriously injured.

 A statement was read to the court on behalf of  Kirsty Hicks' mother Marcia, talking of the loss of her  beautiful and precious daughter, describing how unbearable life is  without her.

 "She is so missed, our home is empty, her bedroom is empty,  the light which filled there is gone in a moment".

 Her family left  court today after hearing Laura Stocker plead guilty to causing  death by careless driving.

 Magistrates sent the case to crown  court for sentencing next month.

 A man's been arrested on suspicion  of causing death by dangerous driving after a car crashed into a  tree in Brighton.

 It happened around 6.

45 this morning on Grand  Parade.

 A 28-year-old male passenger died.

 Two others were  taken to hospital.

 Thousands of people are expected to  take the opportunity this weekend to go on board HMS Ark Royal in  Portsmouth dockyard as the ship and its crew say farewell to the city.

  The aircraft carrier is being decommisioned earlier than expected  as part of the defence cuts.

 There'll also be a march and civic  ceremony in the city centre to mark the event.

  This is what Ark Royal did, of the and what the Royal Navy can no  longer do.

 The Harriers have gone, Ark Royal is out and there are now  only two ships with an airforce element - both of them for  helicopters.

 For the ship's company and the navy, the departure of Ark  Royal really is the end of an era.

 A significant moment, too, for the  people of Portsmouth, where its home port has been for the last 25  years.

 And nine I think Ark Royal is an iconic name.

 Not just for the  Navy, but around the world.

 Wherever we go, we get a huge  reception.

 She is the epitome of what the Royal Navy are about.

  Royal has been there in peace and in war.

 In 2003, she returned from  the action against Iraq to a traditional Pompey welcome.

 For the  next ten years, there will not be any fixed air carrying ability for  this nation.

 And that is clearly a well thought-through strategy, but  it is bound to leave some people concerned about what if the  unexpected happens? Ark Royal is being decommission three years  early.

 The decision to do that and cut the Harrier force has been  criticised by several retired Royal Navy admirals.

 One said the  decision to lose this ship was short-sighted.

 This was dropped out  of the blue on the people of Portsmouth.

 It was a huge shock.

  Ark Royal might be scrapped or possibly preserved.

 But its service  days are over and this weekend, there'll be the chance for people  in this part of the world to say goodbye.

 The ship will be open to  the public and sailors will march through the city.

 It'll be a  poignant occasion, but a proud one A husband and wife from Reading who  ran a brothel in the town have been given suspended jail sentences and  ordered to do community service.

 Mark Newbold from Hollins Walk and  his wife Suwadee admitted controlling prostitution for  financial gain.

 The UK Border Agency raided a property the couple  own on Vachel Road in Reading, and a second in Northampton.

 Three  women, from Thailand, Lithuania and Brazil, were taken into the care of  police.

 Still to come in this evening's South Today, Dani Sinha  gets all wrapped up and goes back in time.

 I am in the Stone Age, get  me out of here! We find out why living 30,000 years ago was a lot  tougher than today.

 When you're told you have to go in  for an operation you might think of wards, waiting times and hospital  food.

.

.

 In short an NHS hospital.

 But for three years people have  been able to have surgery at private hospitals through a scheme  called NHS Choices.

 But in Berkshire the number of patients  opting for surgery at private hospitals has nearly doubled in the  past year.

 The patients are not complaining.

  It was brilliant.

 Stewart has just had a routine knee operation at the  Berkshire Independent Hospital.

 His GP sent him here.

 The three years,  NHS patients have been able to go to private hospitals, a trend that  is increasing.

 Two years ago, just under 3000 patients were treated at  a cost of nearly £1.

5 million.

 Last year it was 5500 patients at a cost  of nearly £3 million.

 West Berkshire Premier Care Trust could  not give us anyone to interview, but they did give a statement  saying that private treatment costs it the same as NHS treatment, so if  money follows the patient, then more patients go into private  hospital, the more money the trust has to give them.

 The British  Medical Association has questioned the wisdom of a policy like this.

  But private hospitals say they are providing a valuable service.

  are doing orthopedic elective surgery, hip replacements, Nice --  replacements.

 How much is this worth to you really? Probably in  total, about £1 million.

 I am there could be more patients like Stewart  in the near future.

 Work on this new private hospital just outside  Reading began this week.

 Liberal Democrats in the South have been  hit by another resignation in protest at their part in the  coalition government.

 James Doyle, who fought the Worthing East and  Shoreham parliamentary seat for the last two elections, has left the  party, and will stand as an independent in County and Borough  Council elections.

 As our Political Editor Peter Henley reports, he's  the latest in a string of defections.

  There is an intense debate going on at local level.

 In Winchester, the  defection of two councillors has left Liberal Democrats without an  overall majority on the city council as they try to push through  unpopular decisions.

 I was not confident with them before they got  in government.

 No change there.

 leader of the council says they  should be judged on local decisions.

 We are moving ahead on issues like  recycling, pushing for safer streets in the local area.

 And we  have grasped the nettle of the Budget.

 The Conservatives here are  determined not to get involved in any coalition.

 We will put  alternative proposals on the Budget.

 We will then seek a vote, and if  the Liberal Democrats have enough members, their proposals will hold  sway.

 If not, ours will.

 They have more members than you at the moment.

  But they all have to be there on the night.

 I have had various  private conversations with members of the Conservatives who have said  to me, I am glad you have to take the responsibility at the moment.

  They say you are coalition partners, and yet you are suggesting they do  not want to run the budget because they would be unpopular.

 And you  want to keep them out of office even though you have equal numbers  of councillors.

 Can't you work together better? There is no  coalition in Winchester, and the same goes for local authorities  across the country.

 Peter is here with me now.

 The  coalition government is causing some real divided loyalties.

 Real  friction at local level on all sides.

 I think we will see that  filtering back up to the national government.

 They are already seeing  these resignations from Lib Dems.

 It is what they will be talking  about on The Politics Show with a local Conservative MP who says he  does not mind how much trouble is stirred up for the coalition.

  The Politics Show with Peter is on Sunday from midday.

  Mental health care in Poole could benefit from a multi-million pound  investment.

 The NHS trust for Dorset is looking to spend £35  million creating four new wards at St.

 Ann's Hospital.

 Previous plans  submitted at the end of 2009 were rejected by the council.

 The trust  says these new ones will fit in better with the existing site.

  Downton Abbey, the king's speech, Pride And Prejudice.

 Costume dramas  are as popular as ever, which means a surge of interest in the stately  homes where they were filmed.

 Many of the properties are run by the  National Trust, which relies on volunteers to show visitors around.

  But at some homes, like Devine, near Basingstoke -- Basingstoke,  there is a volunteer shortage and a recruitment drive is under way.

  Basildon Park relies on 200 volunteers who give up their time  on a regular basis to look after the thousands of people who visit  each year.

 There is a constant need for new help us to replace those  who leave, but the National Trust plans to open the house and grounds  for an extra day every week from this spring, so they are now  launching their biggest-ever recruitment drive.

 There have been  days when we have had to close rooms because we have not had  enough volunteers.

 We have had a great response today.

 People are  keen to sign up, but we still need more.

 The at least 30 new recruits  are needed for a range of jobs, from garden into guiding visitors.

  Another open day for potential volunteers is being held next month.

  So maybe you want to be a volunteer for the weekend? On to sport.

 Roger  Johnson is here.

 The game of the day in League One  pits fourth against first.

 Bournemouth are desperate for their  promotion challenge not to be derailed by losing their manager.

  Against Brighton, desperate for the transfer window to close so that  other clubs stop eyeing up the players who've made them the team  of the season so far.

 The ones, it was a virtual reality,  but the progress of Brighton's new home mirrors their progress on the  field.

 Albion's pulsating run to the top of the table still takes  their manager Rabat.

 We were confident that the team would do  well.

 With a confident in plenty of things during the summer.

 But it  was quite crazy to think we would be in this situation.

 It is amazing.

  Gus Poyet is fending off interest in star players, although Norwich  are trying hard to pull off a deal for Bennett, who scored last week  against Peterborough.

 Both should start against a Bournemouth side  fourth in the table.

 It has been the biggest surprise.

 We know all  the promise they had in the past.

 The grounds are said to be full  tomorrow.

 We will give it a good goal.

 The onus is on us.

 They are a  good side in good form, but so are we.

 The two sides drew in October  and with Dean, and you sense neither would be unhappy with the  same result tomorrow.

 You saw details of the coverage  scrolling across the screen.

 Hampshire sailor Dee Caffari will  spend her 38th birthday at sea this weekend as she looks to make  progress three weeks into the Barcelona World Race.

 It's the  third time the offshore racer will have spent her birthday at sea.

  She's currently ninth in the round the world race, just off the coast  of Brazil, with her co-skipper Anna Corbella.

 And the Spaniard is also  passing personal milestones every day.

 We are sailing past Brazil now.

  From now on, every day is a new day for an hour.

 This is also the  furthest she has sailed.

 So we are celebrating.

  Youngsters from Berkshire have been looking ahead to next year's  Olympics in a very special twinning project.

 Olympic Dreams links up  schools in the UK with the former schools of athletes from around the  globe.

 It's led to a memorable week for children from Park House School  in Newbury.

 The British Museum houses treasures  from around the world.

 And last weekend, it played host to  schoolchildren from across the globe as part of an Olympic project.

  It twins British schools with schools attended by Olympic  contenders.

 Five schools from the south are among the British schools  taking part.

 The opening event was a chance to get to know each other.

  This girl has travelled the thousands of miles from Mongolia.

  School Number 79's most famous graduate is a gold medallist boxer.

  A national hero who will be defending his title at the London  Olympics.

 Back in Newbury a few days later, her hosts chose a  different sport to give her a taste of British life.

 Horseracing is a  popular sport in Mongolia.

 What better place for the school to  bring their overseas visitors than the local races? Over the next two  years, the winning schools will share ideas and events as well as  follow the progress of their local Olympic athlete.

 It was so  inspirational to meet at the different athletes and see the  differences in their cultures.

 The real thrill was when they came back  to our schools, so we could show them what we were about.

 Because of  this project, I am here today and we share our cultures.

 This is a  school in India.

 Their pupils have been paired with a school in  Dorchester.

 Worthing school has found itself link with the school  in Kenya, which has a history of producing top runners.

 The culture  is so different.

 They are really proud of their country, and they  show it any way they can.

 They are still very traditional in their  religion and in how they dress.

 When they celebrate, it is so  inspirational.

 The Olympic dream has offered students from all over  the world a chance to build trust and understanding.

 Who knows, one  of them may be the next future hope for the 2016.

  If your school once defined a twin for 2012, here is the web address.

  There is still time.

 Now, if you are a parent or  grandparent, you have probably commented on how your kids never  had the luxuries -- you never had the luxuries that kids have today.

  Things such as the Wii and Xbox.

 Pupils at one school have been  scuppering what is like with just the basics, because they have gone  back 30,000 years, not just a few decades! They have built a Stone  Age Camp in the playing fields at Rushcombe First School in Corfe  Mullen.

 If you're playing a caveman, you  have to look the part, especially if you're about to go hunting.

  Camouflage complete, these schoolkids are learning where  dinner comes from if you live in the Stone Age.

 A well spotted boar  certainly qualifies.

 Hunting over, it's back to camp where other tasks  need to be done.

 And a lesson in firemaking is one of the first  things they need to know.

 favourites would be the hunting,  with all the catching and stuff.

 go to the supermarket and buy meat  and stuff, but they have to use more things and do more things.

  This learning adventure is something the whole school are  involved with in conjunction with the Ancient Technology Centre.

  is the greatest experience we can give to children.

 To experience  history as near as we can get to it.

 So having this first-hand  experience and really living it helps us get a better understanding  of what life was like in stone-age times.

 When it comes to extra-  curricular activities, cavepainting is a firm favourite using natural  materials to paint they document their latest catch.

 But was life  better in the Stone Age than it is now, and would these kids swap  places? Now we don't have to do things that they would have had to  do.

 So I think it is better to live now, but in some ways I would have  liked to live in the Stone Age.

 choose now, because there is better  technology.

 I think I would enjoy myself more.

  A stone-age vuvuzela! Remember those? 30,000 years, and nothing  has changed.

 You know you are getting old when  even the deputy head teachers look It has been a nice day to day, but  things will take a term towards being grey and gloomy for the  weekend.

 Look at this scene from Katy Peacey, who woke up in Downton  to this.

 Charles Hough captured a lovely  That is it for the brightness for the time being.

 Things are getting  more overcast.

 Tonight, we stick with the cold weather, a frost  forming early on this evening.

 Another cold night is on the cards.

  The haze of blue is the widespread frost.

 Throughout our region,  temperatures will be very cold overnight.

 Cloud will build in from  the east.

 It will be colder in rural parts.

 To start the weekend,  not those blue skies we have been used to, but the dull and grey  clouds are working their way into.

 The cloud has been sitting over our  country for the last few days, but now it is working its way out  towards the West.

 It will bring plenty of cloud overnight and into  tomorrow.

 Bit of a grey and gloomy start, with bits of wet weather,  especially for the Isle of Wight during the morning.

 If you are  lucky, you could catch a glimmer of brightness, but I am not promising  anything to sunny.

 Overnight, we again stick with that cloud.

 We  could see a little damp creeping through.

 But with the club coverage,  temperatures are not dropping down as low as they have been.

 A little  less chilly than the recent nights.

 On Sunday, a repeat performance.

  Another grey and miserable day.

 Some wet weather in store for the  south-eastern corner.

 Hampshire, Surrey and Sussex will see some  dampness on Sunday.

 And how about

 It was miserable today.

 That is it.

  Hello and welcome to Midlands Today with Nick Owen and Suzanne Virdee.

  The headlines tonight: Children under five must be  vaccinated against swine flu, say the heartbroken parents of a  toddler who's died from the virus.

 Get them vaccinated, really, in any  way you can, even if you have to pay for it right now.

 Go and pay  for it.

 Their breakthrough in the talks end  the bins prices in Birmingham as strikes a chord of.

 -- strike.

 --  called off.

 Hospital fundraiser's anger over  proposals to close a children's cancer unit.

  We will ensure that we do everything we can to make sure that  these services stay at Shrewsbury.

 And if it's not stretching your  imagination too much, elastic bands as you've never seen them before!  Waves from the sea, roaring to you, Good evening and welcome to  Wednesday's Midlands Today from the BBC.

 Tonight, vaccinate all  children against swine flu.

 That's the heartfelt plea to the  government from the parents of a 3- year-old girl from Birmingham who's  died from the virus.

 Lana Ameen became ill while the family were  visiting relatives in the North West over Christmas, and died at  Alder Hey Hospital in Liverpool.

 Today her parents called for the  swine flu vaccine to be made available to all children under the  age of five.

 Lana Ameen was a lively 3-year-old  with no underlying health problems.

 But during a Christmas visit from  her home in Quinton in Birmingham to family in Stockport, she died of  swine flu.

 I feel that perhaps more could have  been done, it was just terrible seeing her in such an awful state.

  She could speak two languages, as well.

 Her mother, Gemma, a former  nurse, released this harrowing picture of her in intensive care in  an effort to persuade the government to make the flu  vaccination available to all children, not just those with  underlying health conditions.

 Get them vaccinated, really, in any  way that you can, even if you have to pay for it, go and pay for it.

  Lana was taken ill in the early hours of Christmas morning.

 She was  taken to Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport, where she was treated  NHS West Midlands told us 78 people are critically ill in the region's  hospitals with flu-like illnesses, compared to 783 nationally.

 66  people per 100,000 of the population went to their GPS with  flu-like symptoms, slightly below the national rate of 73 per 100,000.

  -- GPs.

 Nationally there have been 50 deaths since October.

 As Lana's  family tried to come to terms with what happened, the Department of  Health told us the advice from the Joint Committee on Vaccination and  Immunisation was only to vaccinate those with underlying health  conditions.

 Others eligible for vaccination include pensioners,  pregnant women, health workers and carers and those in long-term  residential care.

 Gemma is three- months pregnant and spoke out in an  effort to make vaccinations more widely available.

  It is very difficult seeing things playing around, I don't know, I  dunno how much it described how much I miss her.

  Earlier today, we spoke to the Director of Immunisation at the  department of Health, Dr David Salisbury.

 Should they be reviewing  their policy over vaccinating the under-fives?  I think it is a tragedy, of course, for any family when a child dies  and that nobody should try to minimise what the impact is on that  family.

 We to review every year our policy, however, we have already  put in place plans that 2011 would be the year there we look at all  the aspects of a flu programme.

 There are concerns about the amount  of vaccine available, whether the GPs and chemists have enough stock.

  That, I think that is not quite the most up-to-date information,  because we have been shipping vaccine out to practices from first  thing Monday morning and vaccine is going rapidly to practices so that  they do have the swine flu.

.

.

 call doctors today about this and  they had nothing.

 It will depend if they put them ordering.

 We are  getting orders in the whole time and we're turning them around  against extraordinary tight time lines.

 We're seeing orders come in  from the whole country and their meeting the orders.

 You do not  think you have miscalculated? not do the calculation for general  practice and has -- general practitioners, they make the  estimation of the amount of vaccine they were made, they order it for  themselves.

 What happened here is that we could see mismatches in  some parts of the country due to supply and demand, and so we  stepped in there with the local NHS to get them to work with practices  to move the vaccine from where people have got a surplus to people  who did not have it.

 We also stepped in to make our strategic  reserves of faxing, swine flu vaccine, to anybody who wanted it,  and we have been shipping it out to anybody who wants it.

 Many doses  REM surgeries.

 We also know that the manufacturers have been doing  their utmost to bring it additional stocks into the country.

 A vaccine  is going to be in place if it is not already.

 Thank you.

  You're watching Midlands Today.

 Coming up, find out why the  downturn is having a surprising In the last hour there's been a  breakthough in the talks between trade unions and Birmingham City  Council to try to head off two half-day strikes by refuse  collectors starting tomorrow.

 The 400 dustmen have plenty to suspend  their strikes.

 Talks will continue next week to settle the dispute.

  Colin Pemberton is outside where they were meeting and joins us now.

  They have been two days of intensive talks, in the rooms  beside be, the old Birmingham Registry Office, they broke up this  morning, they broke up a quarter sex -- fire 40 5:00pm.

 They plan to  suspend their action.

 And significantly, their work to rule.

  What does this mean for been collections in the City? -- bin.

  is likely there will start to clear the backlog, the 400 men will be  back to work at 6 o'clock tomorrow morning.

 Bins should be ended as  normally.

 -- and D.

 It is optimistic.

 We're hoping for an  agreement fairly soon.

 And what about people's rubbish? Hopefully  it will be clear by this Wigan.

 Talks next week? Yes.

 You have the  professional backing of the job now.

 Talks will continue, there is a  schedule of talks next week.

 I spoke to the head of the counter's  human resources department who chaired the meetings and it says it  indicates a is a determination of both sides to reach a solution.

  Hospital fund-raisers who collected more than £500,000 for a children's  cancer unit say they're appalled it's likely to close.

 It comes just  six years after it was opened.

 The NHS Trust is planning to move  children's in-patient services from Shrewsbury to Telford.

  It's just a normal school day for an exceptional child, 11-year-old  Grace had a rare cancer, neuroblastoma, and had to have  aggressive chemotherapy which kept her in hospital for weeks on end.

  We were given such a poor diagnosis at the time, to have that trigger  matches pre- aware of one of us could stay with grace and one could  pick up our the child from school, rather than living with  grandparents.

 In 2005, Grace's parents dedicated a year and a half  of their life to help raise over £500,000 for a children's cancer  unit in Shrewsbury.

 They claim no- one will want to raise money for  buildings like this in future.

 one that I remember the most is  when mum and dad sold a ball thing.

 I know this is difficult for  everybody but we need to make changes in the best interests of  all about patience, including children.

 If we can bring together  all the experts on a single site, children will fare better.

 If we do  not do that, we're worried we will find ourselves in difficulty going  into the future.

 A year ago, the idea was to move children services  away from Telford to Shrewsbury.

 There was a major campaign and  15,000 signatures.

 This family says it will fight for Shrewsbury.

 It  claims the distance patients will have to travel could put lives at  risk.

 We have fought for our daughter's life, we have fought for  a unit that we truly believe then, we obtain that u-net and we're not  The Davies-Friends want a high turn-out to a public meeting on  Thursday.

 Police are investigating the death  of a 2-year-old boy from Ward End in Birmingham.

 The toddler, who was  known to social services, was taken to hospital on Sunday.

 Police say  he died from non-accidental injuries.

 A 29-year-old man and a  22-year-old woman are being questioned.

  A Birmingham headteacher has paid tribute to a 15-year-old pupil who  died after contracting TB.

 Alina Sarag, who went to Golden Hillock  School in Small Heath, had been treated for tuberculosis in  Birmingham in October 2009.

 But then she went to Pakistan and her  doctors didn't ensure she finished her treatment.

 She died last  Thursday in the city's children's hospital.

 She was a lovely girl.

  Very generous God.

 That is quite apparent.

 She is going to be  greatly missed.

 The contribution she made to the school where  significant.

 A thing for me the important thing is the way that she  touched people's lives.

 -- I think.

 A 19-year-old man's been remanded  in custody after being charged with attempted murder following a  shooting near the Bullring shopping centre in Birmingham.

 Another  teenager was shot in the leg during the incident on Boxing Day.

  A school in Birmingham has been ranked as the most improved in  England league tables published today.

 Four years ago, Perry  Beeches School in Great Barr was classed as failing.

 Now 74% of  pupils get five GCSEs above a grade C, including Maths and English.

  The Government's been accused of rushing local authorities into  budget cuts which will hit the poorest the hardest.

 In an angry  debate at Westminster, local Labour MPs said councils here were getting  a raw deal compared with those in the South of England.

 But the Local  Government Minister told them the Government was doing its best to  distribute the funding as fairly as possible.

 Our Political Editor  Patrick Burns was watching the debate.

 Patrick, it sounds as  though there were some bruising exchanges.

  There were.

 One Conservative infuriated his Labour opponents by  accusing them of synthetic rage over the cuts.

 The debate itself  was introduced by one about commentary MPs.

 -- Coventry and  Babies will be fewer surfers, law quality, people would be expected  That is right.

 They called it and they are outnumbered Conservatives  to to one.

 One after another, Labour MPs lined up to accuse the  Government of giving local authorities here a very raw deal.

  Coventry and many of the West Midlands authorities face cuts to  their formula grants of above 10%.

 With the added pressures of the  loss of specific grants and the removal of ring-fencing, these  councils must find spending reductions of over £200 million in  2011-2012.

 What did the Conservatives say when they could  get a word in? The Conservative MP for Nuneaton, Marcus Jones, said  that local authorities would no longer be required to waste money  as he put it on initiatives required of them during the later  years.

 Interestingly, the local Government Minister said that he  could not respond directly to the accusations that a local  authorities here were getting a poor deal because he said this  whole question of damping down on regional variation is currently out  for consultation.

 The reality is that the damage has been done by  the incompetence of the previous Government.

 It is a bit rich  therefore for the up honourable member to end up on that note.

  can assure you this argument is going to intensify over the coming  weeks as we head towards the point where the spending limits for local  authorities around the country are confirmed for this coming  controversial year 2011-2012.

 As we all tighten our purse strings,  bagging a bargain of finding enough money to buy the essentials is  becoming harder.

 However, in one town to the  downturn has had a surprisingly positive effect.

  The iconic brand of Marks & Spencer closed its doors to Nuneaton's High  Street saying that the store had not been profitable for years and  it had no choice.

 But rather than sounding the death-knell for the  town, the market continues to call in the crowds.

 It is tradition.

 It  is a market town, we have to have a market.

 It is a good town to shop  in.

 We have lots of things here.

 The market is fantastic, it pulls  people in.

 An extra 80,000 shoppers visited Nuneaton last year  primarily for the market showing that the town can provide exactly  what the shopper wants.

 A lot of people still enjoy the bustle, the  shouting, the atmosphere of a street market.

 The retailers love  it as well because it brings people to the town and they're coming from  all over.

 Specialist charity shops are boosting High Streets.

 Pain in  normal rates -- rents but with reduced rents analysts believe they  have a real place in the local economy.

 Anything that brings the  customer into the high street is going to benefit other retailers as  well.

 It is not just the high street that is benefiting.

 The  British Heart Foundation say that this Coventry store has a turnover  of £8,000 a week which goes to charity.

 We have noticed over the  last couple of years with the recession, we are getting more  people coming into our stores.

 It is ideal for people starting out to  come and buy a house full of furniture.

 With money increasingly  tied for many of us, it is shoppers and customers who are voting with  their feet.

 Those I spoke to today said a bargain is a bargain.

  think it is brilliant that there are some good bargains in here.

  am cheap and cheerful.

 This suits you? Yes.

 It is for a good cause.

  With continuing pressure on the high street and profits low for  many, that does at least mean a bonanza for the savvy shopper.

  And we all love a bargain.

 Still to come: Feeling the stretch,  find out why this art exhibit is going with a twang.

  Just imagine this kids, not having to go to school every day.

 It  sounds too good to be true, but it is a! It is so popular that  children from as far away as South Yorkshire are travelling to the  school.

 Even although you do not have to go every day you do have to  work very hard.

 Set in the stunning Staffordshire  Moorlands, this is a school, but not as we know it.

 Some pupils at  Hollinsclough Primary are part time, attending just a couple of days a  week.

 The rest of the time they are taught at home.

 We want to support  people who want to support -- home tutor their children.

 It is too  much one thing or another.

 There needs to be something in between.

  The school offers parents three options.

 Children can attend  lessons in the normal way five days a week or they can attend only on  selected days with their education supplemented by her own teaching.

  Thirdly, they can be entirely home taught and only attend what is  called a learning how about once a fortnight with their parents to do  things like education workshops.

 In class today, Sophie.

 Typically, her  mum sends her to school about two days a week.

 We have been home  educating for about five years but coming here has been lovely.

  home today is Claire and her children.

 She sends them to  Hollinsclough our main even more occasional basis.

 We go about once  a week.

 We are trying to make it a regular day.

 This lot love it  because it is a chance to be with other children.

 The benefit to the  school is that pupil numbers have risen from five last year to 23.

  Could this be at a bid to save other local schools? It is hard to  tell at the moment.

 It is an option.

 We are looking at it but we cannot  say it will be the solution for all rural education.

 Not right for all  schools, then, and not right for all pupils but in today's demand  led society, may be one option in a in diverse education system.

  Let us move on to sport.

 The Aston Villa boss Gerard  Houllier is off to France hoping to sign the Lyon midfielder Jean  Makoun for £6 million.

 Birmingham Down at West Ham they are forever  blowing bubbles but perhaps Alex McLeish was left to wonder why it  is the Blues are often fly so high, nearly reached the sky and like the  fans' dreams they fade and die.

 But this semi-final is very much alive  after West Ham dominated the first half and took an early lead through  Mark Noble.

 It could have been far worse if only Ben Foster had not  pulled off a string of five saves to keep Birmingham in the tie.

  Little did he know that his own bubble was to burst in the second  half.

 After the break, the Blues came out fighting and levelled the  score with a thumping header.

 Game on and suddenly, footballer of.

 A  sneaky back-heel left the Seb Larsson up in agony.

 First, a good  penalty shout turned down and then the moment that every key projects,  Foster has been outstanding this season but it means that Blues have  the second leg to prevent this from being a very costly blunder.

 So we  have got to go right in their faces with the St Andrews crowd who are  the very best.

 Week should have been able to score more penalties  as well.

 I have seen that five or six times and nothing will convince  me that was not a penalty.

 In two weeks they will finish the job at  St Andrews.

 Alex McLeish believes it is time Birmingham City and the  right to blow their own a bought-in a Wembley final.

  Hereford United made it two wins in four days.

 They may be bottom of  League Two but they were too good for Wycombe Wanderers.

 Matthew  mosaic scored the equaliser.

 A things looked bleak when the home  side fought back to score twice in two minutes.

 That made it 2-12  Bristol Rovers and then 7th minutes from time, Aaron Lescott salvaged a  point in a tool draw.

 For the past few weeks, we have  celebrated the batting success of Ian Bell and Jonathan Trott Down  Under.

 Now that Warrington team- mate Chris Woakes is making a name  for himself.

 Woakes made a spectacular England debut by  hitting the winning runs to beat Australia.

 First he took a wicket  and then scored a quick fire 19 under pressure as England won the  first to Twenty20 International in Adelaide by just one wicket.

 That  is a game he will never forget.

 I watched every ball!  Now, are you always mucking about with things like this man here?  I quite like the smell of them as well.

 Have you ever tried doing  anything different with them? Well, a new sculpture in Birmingham does  just that and is really pushing, or should I say pulling the boundaries.

  Fantastic, elastic! Four miles of it in fact.

 If you try and pull it  you think it will break but it does not.

 I think it is a bit weird how  some strings could make it such fun material to play with.

 It is like  waves from these seek roaring to you.

 It is just amazing what you  can do with it.

 It is the newest free art installation at the  Hippodrome in Birmingham.

 It is the kind of elastic used to hold your  socks up but because there is so much of it it is much stronger.

 The  artist has been developing the work over 10 years.

 She wanted to create  a sculpture that was all about touch and interactivity.

 The  opposite to a gallery where you cannot touch things.

 This was about  the view are becoming a performer as the interacted with the  sculpture.

 A giant harp or even a catapult, interpreting it as you  well.

 Just let it stretch your imagination.

  It was quite mild today.

 It will be mild but mostly wet through to the  end of the week.

 Even Sunday could get a soaking now when it was  looking fairly dry before.

 This evening, it looks like Wales is  getting a hammering, there are some warnings out for that.

 There will  be a knock-on effect with many of us getting heavy burst of Wayne --  rain.

 There is still quite a lot of cloud left and perhaps a little bit  of drizzle and patchy rain around the borders.

 Some health fog is  likely to night and there will be quite a lot of mist.

 The talking  point is temperatures, nine Celsius in the north.

 11 Celsius in the  south.

 That is due to race south- westerly airflow.

 For the morning  tomorrow it is looking dull and drab but mainly dry.

 The we can see  more rain heading out from the south during the course of the  morning.

 It will not reach the North during daylight hours but it  will during the course of tomorrow evening and tomorrow night.

  Temperatures tomorrow a little higher than today.

 Another mild day.

  Tomorrow evening and overnight we get more rain heading up from the  South spreading further north and could be heavy in places.

 This  whole band will retreat towards the South East during the course of  Friday morning.

 Friday is looking mainly trade possibly with some  brightness.

 Temperatures up to ten

 Welcome to Midlands Today.

  The headlines: An MP calls for government intervention as  Birmingham suspends its head of Children's Social Care Department.

  The systemic failures will continue to happen unless we have a complete  root and branch change of the whole structure.

  A health watchdog criticises the troubled Stafford Hospital  following the death of twins.

 Closing eight Ward, suspending  services, they are available to us if we wish to use them.

  I as the dispute rumbles on over planned pay cuts, what can it be  known name in Birmingham are learned from their friends in the  North? And from fast food too fast boats,  the Peter shop owner who is a champion on the water.

 -- Peter  Good evening.

 Tonight, calls for government  intervention after the head of a troubled social services department  is suspended.

 Colin Tucker has been director of  peak Children's Social Care Department at Birmingham City  Council just 18 months.

 But tonight there is a huge question mark over  his future.

 It is the latest blow for a department described as  performing poorly, and failing to protect vulnerable children in  recent inspectors' reports.

 Peter Wilson has been following the Day's  developments.

 Flowers outside a house in Ward End  on Sunday night.

 The police found two year old Keanu Williams dead.

  He was known to social services.

 A man and a woman have been arrested  and are being questioned on suspicion of murder.

 The boy's  death is not linked to the suspension of this man, Colin  Tucker.

 He was brought in to help protect such vulnerable children.

  He was a man on a mission but that task, to improve Birmingham's  failing social services, seems to have proved Mission impossible.

  This is what he promised less than two years ago.

 We have to make a  change, we cannot go on like this.

 It is unacceptable that children  are not safe in this city and I think the City Council recognises  that and are doing something about it.

 That interview took place here  in Aston.

 The office is one of the busiest social services offices in  the country.

 They deal with 600 children at serious risk of harm.

  Colin Tucker, when he saw it, was appalled at the state of the  building.

 He wanted it demolished.

 But has he been suspended because  of his candour about the scale of the problems, or was he simply not  up to the job? Why did he go? There is speculation that Colin Tucker  lost the confidence of senior officials.

 Last October this woman,  Eleanor Brazil, became Mr Tucker's boss.

 She turned around Haringey  social services after the baby Peter case.

 She has a history of  the spending managers if she thinks it has to be done.

 In an e-mail  obtained by the BBC, she tells Now there are calls for the  Government to take action.

 It is about time that the Government  stepped in and dealt with it, and put in place proper structures and  measures to deal with a very difficult situation in Birmingham.

  Colin Tucker was appointed after the death of a seven-year-old girl  who starved to death at the hands of her mother and stepfather.

 He  was hired as a troubleshooter but one MP today claimed he was trouble.

  I have had trouble with him recently.

 I have raised a number of  concerns about some issued and found him a generally unresponsive.

  I have had to involve the Chief Executive to get him to respond at  all so I have found him difficult.

 Unlike previous directors of  children's social care, Colin Tucker spoke openly to journalists  like myself.

 He acknowledged that the task he faced was stark and  challenging.

 Today they are no longer his problems.

  P troublesome it joins me now from outside the council house in Burma.

  -- Peter Wilson it joins me now.

 Peter, another crisis for the  Department? It once again seems that the social  services department really is in turmoil.

 They are not talking  directly about why Colin Tucker has been suspended.

 They say it would  be wrong to do so.

 But the lady in my report, Eleanor Brazil, I  understand that she will talk about her strategy for the future in  order to change things around, perhaps some time next week.

 With  me now is Roger McKenzie from Unison.

 Colin Tucker got rid of  some social workers he said were incompetent.

 Up your members happy  or sad at today's used? It is not a personal thing about Colin Tucker.

  This is about the council continually failing to support  social workers in what is a very difficult job that they have to do.

  Should the Government into vain? This is more about political  leadership, or the lack of, within Birmingham City Council.

 They  should stop changing things around all the time and bring in a bit of  stability.

 Shows some political leadership.

 They have continually  failed to do that in Birmingham.

 Having met Colin Tucker myself, I  know that he would be saying tonight, it is not about him.

 It is  about protecting vulnerable children.

 As the police continue  their investigation into the seven- year old girl's death, it is Claire  that we need to protect children in Thank you, Peter.

  You are watching Midlands Today.

 Still to come: We will meet the  Shropshire family of this baby, born in the rising flood waters of  First, the troubled Stafford Hospital has been told by a Health  Service watchdog to do more to improve its patient care following  the death of twins their last year.

 The hospital has been given an  improvement notice by the Care Quality Commission.

 Colin Pemberton  reports.

 Stafford hospital came under  scrutiny once again following the death of two days old twins Alfie  and Harry McQuillan shortly after receiving treatment there.

 The team  from the Care Quality Commission in Birmingham came in to review  procedures.

 Their report shows areas of concern.

 Management of  medicines, supervision of staff, and how the trust uses information  to assess the quality of care they provide patients.

 Stafford Hospital  is already under investigation at a public inquiry into poor standards  and hundreds of avoidable deaths which is still ongoing.

 The Chief  Executive of the hospital said that the Care Quality Commission report  does not take into account the action plans based admitted last  November, and which they have begun to implement.

 He says in a  statement that new systems and processes take time to embedded in  any organisation.

 The hospital knows it is under intense pressure  to improve its performance.

 The Care Quality Commission is also  under pressure from the public to show that it is closely monitoring  the hospital.

 The public inquiry will hear evidence from the Care  Quality Commission itself in the The rest of the news now.

 A post-  mortem examination has confirmed a woman whose body was found on the  contrary ring road died after falling from a bridge.

 41-year-old  Jenette Kidane from Eritrea in the Horn of Africa was discovered by  the Canal Basin Bridge yesterday morning.

 A 32-year-old man, also  from Eritrea, was found injured nearby and is being held under  police guard in hospital on suspicion of murder.

  The Governor of Gloucester Prison has told the BBC he fears the jail  could close within three years as the Government cuts prison places.

  A prison inspection report highlighted the need for an  estimated at £5 million upgrade of the buildings of the Victorian jail.

  -- £25 million.

 It is feared that it might be too expensive to run.

  We all want to see prisons that worked towards making people less  likely to offend when they leave than they were when they came in.

  The problem at Gloucester is that this is not happening.

 The physical  conditions work against that.

 Some of the resettlement activities that  should be helping prisoners, we thought were poor.

  People living in a Gloucestershire Community say they are worried by  the number of people developing cancer in the area.

 It follows a  chemical explosion at a waste plant in at Sandhurst near Gloucester 10  years ago.

 Figures suggest cancer rates have more than doubled their  in five years.

 The statistics are being monitored by the NHS over 20  years to says it is too early to assess the risk.

  She's two days old, and unaware of the drama surrounding her birth,  but amid the devastation of the floods in Australia, Sophia  Manford's arrival is a welcome piece of good news.

  The little girl's family hail from Shropshire where her grand mother  still lives.

 She waited anxiously for news of her granddaughter's  arrival as the flood waters rose around Queensland.

  At just two days old, Sophia Manford is a phase of hope in a  city of devastation.

 Tens of thousands of homes are under water  in Brisbane, and thousands of miles away in Shrewsbury, her grandmother  spoke with relief of her safe arrival.

 Almost immediately after a  mention that most of the staff at the hospital had been sent home, so  they could make sure their homes were safe.

 There was only a  skeleton staff there.

 They were very lucky to get in in time?  lucky.

 Muriel's son Paul, who works in Brisbane, told us how they got  to the hospital.

 There was quite a bit of drama getting to and from  the hospital, obviously.

 Especially since the hospitals in the city  centre, the flood waters are quite close to the entrance to the  hospital.

 You can see the ferocity in the footage sent to us by  Matthew Robertson from Market Drayton, who now lives in Brisbane.

  It is a site that many people living in the Midlands will  sympathise with.

 It is the scale of the disruption in Queensland that  is shocking.

 Not surprisingly, Muriel spend days in front of the  TV.

 The Brisbane floods may have failed to reach the heights  expected, but 13 people are dead in Queensland and dozens are missing.

  I would be imagining what it was like when I was there, the dryness  and the warmest and streets full of people drinking coffee and things  like that.

 It makes me very emotional.

 When I hear it from my  son's point of view, I realise what they are going through.

 Their home  in Brisbane is on high ground so was not flooded.

 It means Muriel  can hopefully see her granddaughter in Australia next month.

  Let's hope she sees her granddaughter soon.

  The pictures have been appalling.

 It is nice to have a nice story  coming out of there.

 More coverage on the Brisbane  floods on the BBC News website.

 Staffordshire begat maker JCB has  landed a £40 million order for hundreds of new machines.

 -- bigger  maker.

 They have been asked to supply a range of excavators and  other machines for Hewden.

 JCB says it is one of the biggest orders  they have ever received.

 Two Midlands market towns have been  picked for super-fast broadband by the end of next year.

 The fibre-  optic technology, which allows speeds of up to 40 might megabytes  per second, will be installed in Oswestry and Stockport.

 More than  20,000 homes and businesses are step -- set to benefit.

 -- Oswestry  and Stour port.

 Birmingham been collections are set  to resume today after stoppages planned for today and tomorrow were  called off, but the underlying dispute is not over.

  They and Godfrey has been to Leeds, which had an identical dispute, to  see if they have the answers to a final resolution.

 -- Ben Godfrey.

  Few believed at the Leeds been men could reach a deal after their  leads -- plea dispute in 2009 became one of the public sector's  longest-running disputes.

 A great victory.

 We are all over the moon.

  79% of us are, anyway.

 Her as in Birmingham, bins sat stuffed on the  roadside for weeks.

 He is how the two dispute stack up.

 In Leeds, 80  days.

 25 days so far in Birmingham.

 450 are in action in the second  city against 600 in Leeds.

 Pay cuts of 4,000 £500,000 in -- pay cuts of  £4,500 in Leeds, £4,000 in Birmingham.

 Binmen were set tough  new targets to save lots of cash for the council.

 They say that pay  cuts were limited to 20 staff.

 people in our cities expect a  decent service, a good service.

 Collections regularly but at a  price everyone can afford.

 We have to square that circle.

 There was  much hardship, and many of our members got into financial  difficulty.

 But the will and the solidarity of the members was to  1 been crews and Leeds were working zones this morning.

 They then moved  to another zone to help other crews.

 It has saved the council £2 million  a year.

 The council leader believes unions can break the deadlock.

  Legislation is legislation.

 The council finds itself in the same  position as us and they have to be reasonable.

 If they are reasonable  I'm sure they will find a reasonable attitude on the other  side of the table.

 And the advice from the unions? Keep talking.

 Do  not allow yourself to being a position when the talks break down  because then it is difficult to get back around the table.

 There will  not be instant results, just ask the public here who are complaining  about mounting rubbish over the festive period.

  Could leads to teach Birmingham a thing or two about resolving the  dispute? It could be an option.

 I understand the bin men visited  Leeds last year to look at the new system.

 It has had teething  problems.

 They have had a lot of bins from the streets of Leeds as  well.

 The issue has been over confused bill than not be able to  find out their roots.

 They have had to do a Sunday blitz to clear it up.

  I tried to speak to the people in Leeds today and they were very  reluctant, saying they were unsure what would happen to their wages  this year.

 The council said as long as productivity continues and they  make the savings, their wages will stay the same.

 What is the latest  situation on the Birmingham bin dispute? Half-day strikes have been  suspended as has the work to rule.

 We know very little about what was  discussed in the talks this week.

 I understand they will resume on  Tuesday at the council house in Birmingham.

 You'll have to look at  the Leeds situation to see it can be a long process.

 It took two  weeks of intense talks before there was any resolution in Leeds.

 If  they went to the union membership before they had a ballot so we  could be talking about bins in Birmingham for some time to come.

  You're watching Midlands Today from the BBC.

  Welcome, if you've just joined us.

 Still to come on tonight's  programme.

 We're speaking to the pizza shop  owner who's delivering the goods in The Government calls at the low  carbon economy.

 The construction industry is getting on board by  developing more green products.

 A new centre in Leamington Spa is  providing a national showcase for green technology.

 It has been a  visited today by some MPs.

 Green technology is already leading  to new Midlands jobs.

 This is a brown sauce heat pump.

  Over here we have a boiler providing hot water.

 These are so  the panel's.

 This is a national centre for eco-friendly systems  which are said to become a centre for training on renewable  technologies.

 MPs on a Commons committee came to see it for  themselves.

 This centre will give us inspiration.

 We want centres  like this right across the UK.

 energy prices rising fast, despite  a high price tag for green technology, experts say it can be  cost-effective.

 There was a clear link between the price of energy  and the uptake.

 It supports the investment case for this technology.

  The more you use this product the less you have to spend.

 Some of the  technology is not new.

 These panels that he'd water on a brief using  the energy of the Sun, but this is a new development, it is a boiler  that produces gas, heat and electricity.

 Down the road in  Warwick is the company that makes that boiler.

 The development of  green technology is already creating jobs here.

 Our boiler that  generates electricity has generated 120 jobs.

 That is in manufacturing  -- a manufacturing, research and technology and other parts of the  company.

 Like the automotive industry before it, the  construction sector in the Midlands looks set to expand as it goes  green.

 That should mean thousands of new jobs.

  Now it is time for sport and there is a new face at St Andrews.

  David Bentley says he's moved to Birmingham City to resurrect his  international career.

 Bentley was presented to the media today  following his six month loan deal from Tottenham Hotspur.

 He joined  Spurs from Blackburn for £15 million in 2008.

 But he's played  just three times this season.

 So he's hoping the Blues and Alex  McLeish can reignite his career.

 Hopefully I can show the same level  of commitment to Birmingham that I have shown to Blackburn.

 When I  come in as a manager people have a lot of respect for the one I have  to play for.

 Staying with football and a  reminder that Late Kick Off returns on Monday.

 Manish Bhasin and Robbie  Savage will be back at 11.

05pm here on BBC One with all the weekend's  goals involving our seven Football League clubs, and there'll be  special features on both Port Vale and Coventry City.

  They race at 60mph across choppy seas with no seatbelts.

 Powerboat  racing is fast, frenetic and fun.

 And for one pizza shop owner from  Warwickshire it's fulfilling a lifetime's love of motorsport.

  You can't get much further from the sea than Birmingham and all around  are gleaming speed machines on four wheels.

 But the centre of attention  at Autosport International at the NEC today was this beauty.

  The latest P1 powerboat will race around the world this year in the  Superstock championships and John Wilson can't wait to get his hands  on it.

 Last year John, from Coleshill in  Warwickshire, became British champion in the 150 horsepower  category and it still feels great.

 It is a stunning departure from  everything that you do day-to-day.

 The most important thing, I think  you come away and you know you're relying.

 It is an immense  satisfaction especially when you know you have come through the  chequered flag in first place.

 But the sport isn't without it's  dangers.

 This is what happened to John, in the red boat, in a race in  Hampshire last year.

 And despite the high speeds and the tough  conditions the racers are simply holding on, not belted in.

 It is  not unusual foreign navigator to end up sitting on the driver's lap.

  That is at 60 miles an hour? generally push them back into place.

  The theory is, you are better if the boat goes over being thrown out  than you are being strapped into it.

 The 58-year-old came to the sport  late.

 After building up a pizza chain he turned 50 and decided to  fulfill a lifetime love of motorsport first in cars and then  in powerboats.

 Now he's living the dream.

  Snooker and Stoke's Jamie Cope has marked his debut at the UK Masters  by beating a former World Champion.

 Cope beat Shaun Murphy by six  frames to three to reach the quarter-finals at Wembley Arena.

  But afterwards he described his play as average and admitted that  he'll have to play much better to beat Mark King in the next round.

  That one starts at 7.

00pm and you can watch it live on BBC Two.

  Best of luck to him! De David Bentley passes MoT?  Absolutely.

 Thank you very much.

 In these dark  days of economic turmoil and belt tightening, how about this for a  deal? A flat in a Grade I listed building completely rent free with  all your heating bills paid even your council tax looked after.

  There are, of course, a few conditions attached, not least that  you have to be an ex-serviceman.

 And, Tuesday to Friday you have to  attend a very short and very ancient service.

 It's an ancient  ritual dating back almost 450 years.

 A unique band of brothers called to  morning prayers.

 Prepare our hearts, O Lord.

 Open our mouths to prayer.

  Word for word the service is the same as decreed by Robert Dudley,  Earl of Leycester, favourite of Queen Elizabeth the first, the  founder of this community for ex- servicemen.

 And for the first time  in two decades the Lord Leycester hospital, as it's called, is full.

  We have never had aid for 20 years.

 Recruiting is very difficult.

  People do not know what we are.

 They think we are a strange old  museum and they do not realise we are a community.

 Getting a full  complement of brother is much harder than you would have thought.

  Old Navy man Albert Ray has been living in this flat rent free with  his wife for 15 years.

 It is wonderful.

 You're not on these  premises to sit back and just look at the television.

 You are prepared  to be involved in the history of the premises.

  And that can mean everything from manning the ticket office to  guiding visitors.

 We encourage people to come and visit us and  have weddings and that is how we keep our nostrils above water  financially.

 It is very fulfilling.

 We meet people from Australia and  China and it is super.

 So now they're keen to get a waiting list  of people wanting to join in this historical tradition.

 One word of  caution though no pets allowed.

 Of course there is not a vacancy at  the moment but if you are planning ahead and the thought of becoming a  part of living history appeals to you, the brothers here would be  happy to show you around.

 That does look rather stunning.

  It is nice to see a man playing a bugle.

  You used to play, didn't you? Blowing your own trumpet!  The rain was backwards in coming forwards today.

 It has moved  painfully slowly.

 It is now making some headway.

 For a few places it  will be quite wet for the next few hours.

 The rain will be more  persistent but light.

 Many of us have got away with quite a nice day  today.

 The temperatures do not really drop much tonight.

 All of  this rain and cloud is here but we are only down to nine Celsius as a  minimum.

 It will start to Clear so there will be drizzle in places but  long dry spells for many of you.

 The temperatures are really quite  impressive.

 We have not got much headway to make tomorrow to reach  our maximum.

 It will be a bit dull and damp to start off with tomorrow  but Venables start to move South East Woods and the picture is  improving for the afternoon.

 There may even be some sunshine for many  of you.

 The winners will pick up during the course of tomorrow night  and it will be quite a blustery weekend.

 Saturday is initially dry  but there was a more organised persistent band of rain spreading  from the north-west on Sunday.

 Wind speeds are an average of 20 mph.

  The rain is Cleary through the early hours of Sunday and it may be  around in the morning but it is a dry end to the day.

 The  temperatures remain constant.

 Mild.

 Almost tropical!  It was so beautiful and warm and I had a wonderful view today.

 It was  magnificent.

 A look at tonight's main headlines:  The consultants accused of playing the system and costing the NHS  millions.

 And calls for the government to  step in as Birmingham City Council

 A British diplomatic team detained  by rebels in Libya has been released.

 The unit thought to  include special forces is on board HMS Cumberland, off Benghazi.

  Contacting the rebels.

 Libyan TV broadcasts what it says is a phone  call between anti-Gaddafi forces and the British ambassador.

 There  has been a misunderstanding.

 They have been picked up by the security  group who are concerned about their presence and who they are.

  Meanwhile, fierce fighting continues in the east of the  country, as rebels come under attack from Colonel Gaddafi's  forces.

 In other news - David Cameron tells  his party that to boost the economy he is declaring war on anyone who  stands in the way of enterprise.

 its beating heart this is still a  party of start-ups, risk-takers.

 What drives us is getting things  done.

 Ministers defend Prince Andrew,  after further criticism of his friendships.

 They say he does a lot  of useful work for the country.

 And Dirk Kuyt grabs a hat trick, as  Liverpool beat Manchester United 3- Hello.

 Good afternoon.

 Up to six  SAS soldiers, believed to have been detained by rebels in Benghazi in  eastern Libya have been released.

 Witnesses say they were arrested on  Friday, after they landed in the region by helicopter.

  Libyan state television has today broadcast what it says is a  recording of a phone call between Britain's ambassador to Libya and a  rebel spokesman.

 The ambassador explains that a diplomatic team was  in the east of the country to make contact with anti-Gaddafi forces.

  Well n the last few minutes, the foreign off fits has confirmed that  the team has now -- office has confirmed that the team has now  left Libya.

 Our correspondent is in Benghazi and sent this report.

  A surprise return to Benghazi by HMS Cumberland.

  There's an obvious tension in the air.

  Evidence of the prolonged negotiations on board for the  release of the British Special Forces team, held by the Libyan  opposition who now run this city.

 This is a very sensitive mission  for the Royal Navy.

 Nobody is speaking to us here.

 The strong  suspicion is the ship has come to port to rescue the British  personnel.

 I understand a helicopter carrying the group and  their equipment landed near Benghazi at 2am on Friday.

 They  were met by two men, one a British national.

 Two cars took them to a  nearby compound.

 They were questioned and asked if they were  carrying weapons.

 Guns, explosives and passports with multiple  nationalities were discovered.

 At this point, the Britons were  handcuffed and arrested.

 Later, in a further embarrassing  development, Libyan state television broadcast what it said  was a recording between the ambassador to Libya, Richard  Northern and an opposition spokesman.

 The ambassador is heard  to say the team are in libwra to make contact with the opposition  and to monitor the human -- Libya to make contact with the opposition  and to monitor the human rights conditions.

 I understand they have  been picked up by a security group who are concerned about their  presence and who they are.

 And I was, I hope to ask if he  might be able to intervene to help us clear up this misunderstanding.

  Feelings are still running high here two weeks after the opposition  expelled Colonel Gaddafi's troops.

 These signs have appeared across  the city, discouraging foreign intervention.

  As these demonstrations on Friday show, the Libyan opposition are in  determined mood.

 Even as the world gives them ever stronger support.

  As HMS Cumberland left port tonight, the signs are the situation may  have been resolved.

 The British Government seems to  have seriously miss calculated the reaction to the helicopter arriving  with armed men in the middle of the night.

  Well, the Foreign Secretary, William Hague, has confirmed that a  British diplomatic team has been in Benghazi.

 Our security  correspondent has been assessing what it might hope to achieve.

  The SAS have already been in action in Libya.

 Last weekend, they helped  evacuate stranded Britons on special military flights, some of  which came under fire.

 What was this new team of Special Forces  doing on the ground? And what went wrong?  There were intense efforts to try and resolve the situation quickly,  according to officials here at the Foreign Office.

 It has been  empathised that this was not a covert military mission, but one  whose aim was to build political contacts with the opposition and  better understand what was going on T role of the Special Forces was to  protect the diplomats involved.

 Before the release, the Foreign  Secretary confirmed officials were on the ground.

  There is a small British diplomatic team in Benghazi.

 I can confirm  that.

 We are in contact with them.

 It's inappropriate to comment  further on that at the moment.

 I can of course say that we are in  touch with people across Libya.

 I personally am in touch not only  continuing in touch with the Libyan Foreign Minister in the Gaddafi  regime to continue to convey messages to him, but also with  figures in the opposition.

 The situation on the ground in the  east has been fluid and confusing.

 The aims of this first British team  to arrive may have been miss interpreted.

 Some opposition groups  have called for western intervention.

 An arms embargo  remains in place on Libya.

 The efforts to reach out to opposition  groups are likely to continue.

 And with it, the risks for those  involved.

 Well, forces loyal to Colonel  Gaddafi have mounted strong counter offensives as they try to take  opposition-controlled areas.

 In the east they have attacked the coastal  towns of Bin Jawad and Ras Lanuf, recently captured by the rebels.

 In  the west, tanks have been in action against the rebel-held cities of  Zawiya and Misurata.

 There have been reports of heavy gunfire in  Tripoli itself, as well, from where our Middle East Editor sent this  report.

 The shooting started before dawn.

 To begin with military  experts who heard it thought it sounded like a gunfight.

 At first  light, the regime said they were celebrating because of military  victories.

 They claimed to have completely destroyed rebel forces  in Zawiya, 30 miles west of her and capture -- west of here and  captured other towns to the east.

 Colonel Muammar Gaddafi has support  in Tripoli and it was out on the streets.

  Allah, Muammar, Libya! The chant was God, Muammer and nothing else!  These people believe the dention has been started by Al-Qaeda and by  -- the tension has been started by Al-Qaeda and by foreigners who want  the oil.

 Next stop - Benghazi.

 This was Green Square n the centre  of Tripoli.

 A medium-sized crowd, a couple of  thousand perhaps while the BBC was there.

  These are the true believers.

 The Gaddafi regime does appear to be  recovering itself around the capital.

 Its position elsewhere is  less secure and less certain.

 The claims of sweeping victories they  are celebrating are not accurate.

 This is an attack by the regime's  forces on Bin Jawad in the east.

 They are pushing on against the  rebels who are fighting back.

 It is too soon to talk of victory for  either side.

 Instead, the danger of a prolonged  civil war increases.

 This crisis is not ending quickly or cleanly.

  Now, the rest of the day's news.

 David Cameron has given an upbeat  message to his supporters at the Conservative Party Spring Forum.

 He  has promised to build a better future for Britain with a stronger  economy.

 With two weeks until the Budget, the Prime Minister spoke of  his support for small businesses and promised to take on, what he  called "the enemies of enterprise.

" From Cardiff here's our political  correspondent.

 David Cameron wants to move on from  the debate about cuts.

 He didn't mention the word today.

 Instead he  wants to focus on boosting enterprise and growth.

 He said it  was not just about economics, but about morals too.

  Something he claimed Conservatives understand.

  At our roots, we're the party of builders and business women,  engineers, roofers and retailers at the beating heart, this is still a  party of start-ups, go-getters, risk-takers.

 What drives us is  getting things done.

 What drives us mad is the bureaucracy, the forms  and nonsense that get in the way.

 He accused Labour of taxing,  smoothering and crushing new businesses.

 The Prime Minister  declared he would take on the enemies of enterprise.

 The  bureaucrats with their rules and regulations t public sector  managers who shut out smaller companies.

 When people say spend  more money, I say forget it, Labour have spent it all.

 There is only  one strategy for growth we can have now.

 And that is rolling up our  sleeves and doing everything possible to make it easier for  people to start a business, to grow a business, to invest in a business  and to take people on.

 Mr Cameron defended his personal  role in helping to sell British business abroad.

 They see me  loading up a plane full of businessmen, and they say, that's  not statesmanship, that is salesmanship.

 I say this, attack  all you want, but do you think the Germans and the French and  Americans are sitting at home, waiting for business to fall into  their lap? Of course not.

 They are out there trying to sell.

 So should  we in this country as well.

 Labour said the real enny of enterprise  was the Government's plan to cut deep and too fast.

 The Prime  Minister promised a budget that would tear down the barriers to  growth.

 David Cameron wants to show he is on the side of the  entrepreneurs and business people, standing up to local Government.

 It  is whether there is sufficient growth for new and expanding  companies to drive the country back to prosperity.

  Britain's largest bank, HSBC, has denied it has made a final decision  to move its headquarters out of London.

 The Sunday Telegraph  claimed the bank was planning to move to Hong Kong.

 A spokesman said  HSBC said it would prefer to stay in London, but the levy on banks  will add to the cost of basing the bank here in the UK.

  They call themselves the "world's local bank.

" They are worried new  bank taxes might force them to losen their attachment to London as  their headquarters.

 Like other banks, HSBC will have to  pay a new levy on the total value of its balance sheet.

 Unlike others,  the majority of HSBC's business is overseas.

 Lloyds get 10% of its  turnover from outside of the UK.

 The figure for Barclays is 60%.

  HSBC earns a whooping 90% of its profits outside Britain.

 If they  did move? Thousands of jobs will go in the investment banking part.

 We  will lose millions worth of tax revenue.

 And it will be a  psychological blow to both the City and to the country, in that  effectively the biggest British bank has decided to leave Britain.

  George Osborne, the man who counts the pennies at the Treasury said  the UK should remain a world- leading financial centre, but that  banks must pay their fair share of deficit reduction.

 While no  decision has been taken yet to move from its home here in Canary  Wharf,one is expected this year.

 Between then and now, HSBC hopes  the owners and shareholders can persuade the Government that taxing  banks too much could cause them to look for a new home, with a loss to  taxpayers.

 The Foreign Secretary, William  Hague, says he has full confidence in Prince Andrew, in his role as  Britain's special representative for international trade.

 It follows  criticisms of his links with an American businessman who is a  convicted sex offender.

 William Hague said Prince Andrew had done a  lot of good in his role as a trade envoy.

 A degree of support then,  Nick, as we heard there.

 How tricky is this situation? Well, it's  important to say of course there is no specific allegation against  Prince Andrew.

 What there is though is a general criticism of his  judgment and his tendency to fraternise with people, who many  might think of as inappropriate.

 At the centre is afy man shier,  Jeffrey Epstein.

 He and Prince Andrew have known each other for 20  years.

 In 2008, Epstein was sent to prison for 18 months for soliciting  an underage girl for prostitution.

 Him and Prince Andrew have  continued to meet.

 They were photographed in Central Park in New  York.

 Officials say Prince Andrew recognises that meeting was unwise.

  The Foreign Secretary today has said he has done good work for  Britain on trade and investment,.

 Did he have kfs in him? Mr Hague --  did he have confidence in him? Mr Hague, said yes.

  Now all the day's sports news.

 Thank you.

 There was another twist  in the Premier League title race as Manchester United lost 3-1 at  Liverpool.

 Dirk Kuyt signed a hat- trick.

  Deep in his DNA is the desire to stop Man United wining the league.

  His players embraced the cause.

 Dirk Kuyt had his first tackle.

  Perhaps it was the occasion or sunshine which explained this  header next.

 It flu perfectly, of course.

 This challenge on Nani got  him a yellow card.

 He went to the referee, seeking justice.

 Seconds  late er another yellow card.

 Perhaps that evened out the  injustice.

 The game was emphatically Liverpool's.

 The ball  falling to who else? Dirk Kuyt.

 United barely completed.

 Ferdinand  could not miss at the end.

 They remain just three points ahead in  the table.

 That is Liverpool's gift to Arsenal.

  Rangers are five points behind the Scottish premier leaders Celtic.

  Kyle Bartley scored the goal.

 His first for the club.

  England's cricketers somehow kept their World Cup campaign on track  after a victory over South Africa in Chennai.

 They were bowled out  for 171 runs.

 South Africa's batsmen appeared to be cruising to  their target before England's bowlers turned the game on its head.

  England had no right to win this match, not after such a shocking  start.

 South Africa's tactic of opening with spin paid off straight  away.

 Andrew Strauss, and Kevin Pietersen  gone.

 Peterson, the bowler was in the  patch when one was put back at him.

 A stand of 99.

 But no other  meaningful contribution.

 Once South Africa got through them, England  folded to 171 all-out.

 The South African batsman could not have been  too daunted by the target.

 England took wickets, but not quickly  enough to begin with.

 At 124-3, and plenty of overs to play with, it  was plain sailing for South Africa.

 That was until Anderson hit them  like a hurricane.

 Broad picked off the tail with the finishing line in  sight.

 You know, we have been involved in three tight games in  this World Cup.

 I think we are

 Ireland's political crisis deepens  as the ruling coalition falls apart Green Party politicians pull out of  the government - in a move that could spark an early election.

  Gordon Brown emerges as the most prominent political figure to have  contacted police over concerns of phone hacking.

 Our patience has  reached an end.

 Because of these continuing doubts, the lack of  communication and the breakdown in trust, we have decided that we can  no longer continue in Government.

 Gordon Brown emerges as the most  prominent political figure to have contacted police over concerns of  Leaked documents suggest the Palestinians offered to give up  large parts of occupied East Jerusalem during Middle East peace  talks.

 Preserving England's forests - a  hundred public figures voice their concerns about a possible  government sell-off.

 And down to earth - England are now  3-0 down in the one-day Good evening.

 Ireland's political  crisis has deepened with Green Party politicians pulling out of  the coalition government.

 The move follows a week of political turmoil,  culminating in Prime Minister Brian Cowen's dramatic resignation as the  leader of his party.

 As Mark Simpson reports from Dublin,  today's developments make an early Irish general election more likely.

  While his Government was falling apart, the Irish Prime Minister was  at a Gaelic football match.

 No wonder he looked distracted.

 As he  was watching, his partners in Government were walking.

 The Green  Party announced relations within the party had broken down and they  could take no more.

 Because of these continuing doubts, the lack  of communication and the breakdown in trust, we have decided that we  can no longer continue in government.

 It means a general  election is likely next month, earlier than expected.

 And there  may not be enough time to pass crucial new finance legislation  required as part of Ireland's international bail-out.

 The Irish  Government is to receive more than £55 billion, including a direct  loan from the UK.

 Ireland's side of the bargabe is to implement a  series of austerity measures, but they haven't been approved by the  Parliament.

 Back at the game, the Prime Minister received the message  that his coalition partners had left the Government.

 I have to  accept the decision they made.

 I want to thank them for the work  they have done during the course of this administration.

 The important  thing now is to have an orderly completion of the finance bill in  the interests of the country.

 attention now switches to the Irish  Parliament Brian Cowen no longer has a majority here, but the main  opposition party will cooperate with the passing of the Finance  Bill.

 As long as it happens before Friday, and then an election is  called.

 It seems to us in Fianna Fail the sooner we have a clear  mandate from the people, the better it will be to try to restore  Ireland's reputation internationally and to write a new  chapter for this country out of the awful legacy of this current  Government.

 These are turbulent times in Ireland.

 The economy has  gone from boom to bust, and just when people thought things couldn't  get any worse, the country's been thrown into political turmoil.

 We  can speak to Mark Simpson in dublin.

 After the developments of the last  week, where does today leave Brian Cowen? That's his office behind me,  and the only question tonight is when is he going to go? Because  he's going go soon.

 The only question is whether he lasts  another hour, another day, another week, another month at most.

 I  should think it will be a lot less than that.

 Interestingly tonight,  in spite of all the interest there has been in Dublin this weekend,  I'm getting little signs of compromise that all the parties are  finally realising that Ireland's reputation abroad is suffering  because of all of this squabbling, and there may be a deal in the  coming week which perhaps leads to the Finance Bill being implemented  within the next ten days or so and then a general election at the end  of February, but of course, there is always a golden rule of Irish  politics.

 Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed.

 Mark, thank  you, our Ireland correspondent in Dublin.

  Gordon Brown has become the most high-profile figure known to have  raised concerns with the police over possible mobile phone hacking.

  The BBC understands the former Prime Minister contacted Scotland  Yard last summer.

 On Friday David Cameron's communications chief Andy  Coulson resigned over continuing allegations of phone hacking while  he was editor of the News of the World.

 Our political correspondent  Laura Kuenssberg's report contains some flash photography.

 The News of  the World sold papers with scoops about the Royals they got by  breaking the law, stars like sienna Miller claimed their voicemails  were also the paper's target, but was the former Prime Minister also  tangled up in a tabloid trap? Gordon Brown was so worried he was  hacked that in the summer he wrote to the Met Police, but others  believe there were many more voicemail victims.

 If a national  newspaper was listening to the phone messages of the Prime  Minister or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, it seems to me that  that'll be quite an extraordinary thing, but many of the people -  many of these 3,000 names probably very ordinary people who might  happen to know somebody who's in the news.

 Andy Coulson, who until  days ago was one of David Cameron's most senior staff, was in charge of  the paper, when police say about 90 people may have had their messages  hacked.

 He says he didn't know any of the staff were breaking the law,  but a Cabinet Minister is now questioning the paper's version of  events that it was all down to one reporter.

 It seemed to me clear for  a long time the number of people who were hacked was not being  consistent, was it one rogue reporter, who happened to be the  Royal Correspondent.

 It's clearly not over.

 The Crown Prosecution  Service is look again at all the evidence.

 London's Police Authority  is set to question the Met Police on their investigation, and there  could be four other cases prepared for the courts that might include  other newspapers too.

 Many MPs believe police just haven't given  this the attention it deserves, reluctant perhaps to delve into a  concoction of politics, celebrity and the press, but now we know a  former Prime Minister might even be involved, the phone hacking scandal  will clearly not be easily forgotten.

 I think if people break  the law and there's allegations of criminal activity - firstly, people  shouldn't do it, but if they do do it, the police need to be on to it.

  The police won't comment on their inquiries into what happened at the  News of the World, but the continuing saga is uncomfortable  for a newspaper that's meant to write headlines, not make them.

  Hundreds of documents relating to the Middle East peace process have  been released by the Al Jazeera news network, which says they  contain confidential details of the negotiations.

 The papers - which  are also being published by the Guardian newspaper - apparently  reveal that Palestinian negotiators secretly offered to let Israel keep  large parts of illegally occupied East Jerusalem.

 Our Middle East  Correspondent Wyre Davies reports.

 Current peace talks between Israel  and the Palestinians have been suspended for weeks ostensibly over  Israel's building setsments on Palestinian land but this leak on  documents show Palestinian leaders were prepared in private to concede  sensitive amounts of land in sensitive areas like east Jerusalem  in return for a deal perhaps the most controversial topic in this  conflict is Jerusalem, claimed by both Israel and the Palestinians as  their capital.

 These papers claim Palestinian negotiators were  willing to discuss sensitive and hitherto non-negotiable issues  including access to the Temple Mount.

 The overwhelming impression  from these documents is the relative weakness of the  Palestinian side - not only vis-a- vis the Israelis, but also I think  in the face of growing opposition on the Palestinian side because of  the failures of the PLO, of the Palestinian Authority, to make  progress towards a settlement.

 years, Palestinian leaders have  been talking in smoke-filled rooms with Israeli and American  negotiators, getting no-where.

 As increasing frustration and protest  among many Palestinians, especially in frontline areas like east  Jerusalem over what they see as Israeli expansion and the weakness  of their own leaders, a view that'll be reinforced by the leak  of these documents.

 As you look at these documents, how damage do you  think they are to the peace talks? They're 1500 documents the BBC  hasn't been able toererify independently.

 They show on the one  hand a leadership that has been discussing for decades with the  Americans for over a decade and telling the people it will get  everything back.

 It will allow all the Palestinian refugees back, but  it appears behind the scenes, these same people have been preparing to  make significant concessions to Israel on refugees, on areas like  occupied land, specifically, on such sensitive issues as Jerusalem.

  Now, this will severely weaken the current Palestinian leadership ald,  it's difficult to see how they're going to come back from this.

 Of  course, more revelations will come out over the next few days.

 Thank  you.

 Meanwhile, an Israeli inquiry has  concluded that its commandos did nothing wrong when they stopped a  merchant ship from delivering aid to Palestinians in Gaza.

 Nine  activists died in fighting between Israeli forces and Turkish  passengers on the ship in May last year.

 The inquiry found that the  Israelis had acted in self-defence in the vast majority of the clashes.

  Turkey has dismissed its findings.

 The man charged with the murder of  Jo Yeates will appear tomorrow at Bristol Magistrates Court.

 32-year-  old Vincent Tabak was arrested on Thursday and charged yesterday.

 He  was a neighbour of Miss Yeates.

 More than a hundred public figures  have written to a Sunday newspaper protesting about government plans  which may result in public forests and woodland in England being sold  off.

 The signatories include the Archbishop of Canterbury and Sir  Ranulph Fiennes - they fear public access to forests will be limited.

  Jeremy Cooke reports.

 It is owned by the public, managed for the  public.

 The Forest Commission's land covers almost a thousand  square miles of England.

 But now much or all it will be transferred  to private ownership.

 The Government plans to raise money  from sales and slash running costs.

 In the Forest of Dean and in other  forest communities, that's brought fierce opposition across the  generations.

 Everyone should have a right to walk and cycle in this  place because it's so beautiful, and selling it just wouldn't be  fair.

 The Government is underestimating what value it is -  just in terms of the health benefits it gives the local  population and then the people it draws into the forest.

 It's a  beautiful place, and a lot of people love it.

 Adding their voices  to the protests today, a host of famous faces, a letter to the  Sunday Telegraph signed by a hundred actors, authors, popstars  and the Archbishop of Canterbury.

 They know current law means only  15% of Forest Commission land in England can be sold but that this  week Parliament will consider new legislation, paving the way for a  possible 100% sell-off.

 But it's not the first time thaw Forestry  Commission land has been sold.

 John Clegg has been overseeing sales  since the 1980s.

 The English market - certainly the southern half of  England - is principally driven by amenity-type behiers are looking  for woodland for conservation, to manage themselves.

 Continued public  access is guaranteed in the conditions of the sale, so the  public will be able to continue to walk through the woodland and enjoy  it long term.

 Watching it all is Lord Clark, a former Chair of the  Forestry Commission.

 He's worried man.

 If the land is sold off, the  rights which ordinary people have - access on foot or on mountain bikes,  the about it to come and watch birds or deer - all that will be  lost if it's sold off to the private sector.

 Wales and Scotland  have rejected any idea of privatising Forestry Commission  land, but later this week, the Government will press forward a  consultation outlining various areas of possible privatisation in  England.

 For their part, Ministers are stressing that whoever owns  England's forests in the future there, will be legal safeguards,  giving protection both for Time now to catch up on all the  day's sports news.

 Thank you.

 Lord Coe has said the UK's  reputation would be 'trashed' internationally if the Olympic  stadium wasn't kept as a multi- sports facility after the Games.

  The chairman of London 2012 was speaking ahead of a decision this  week on the future of the site.

 Both Tottenham and West Ham want to  take it over.

 Kevin Gearey reports.

 The 2012 Olympic stadium has risen  proudly from the banks of the river in East London, but even as work  continues on its completion, doubt and controversy shroud its post-  Games future, indeed if it even has future at tall.

 Stadium where sell-  out crowds will thrill to the likes of Usain Bolt faces uncertainty  over what'll come of it.

 Athletics alone won't be sufficient to  sustain it.

 Both Tottenham hot spur and West Ham want to move in, with  the Spurs' plan demolishing it altogether to the horror of the man  who led the 2012 bid.

 I really genuinely don't recall a whole heap  about bulldozing down a publicly- funded community facility,  replacing it with a Premiership football club and inspiring a  generation of Tottenham season ticket holders, and I really think  we have to be very, very careful about how we are prepared to  potentially trash our international reputation here.

 West Ham's plans  would cost £95 million and retain the stadium as multi-sports venue  with a running track but under Tottenham's £300 proposal, an  entirely new football ground would arise after the bulldozers would  demolish what's just been built.

 The North London club need a bigger  build, and they would finance and upgrade a stadium at Crystal Palace.

  They believe football and athletics are unsuited together.

 I am  absolutely anti-- stadiums between the running pitch.

 I think it's  awful, absolutely awful.

 I think the fans would tell you the same  thing.

 And the man who oversaw the redevelopment of Wembley Stadium  foresees design difficulties if West Ham were to be accommodated.

  As a rule of thumb using stadia for football - there are some  structural differences by definition given the fact the seats  and terrace are so much further away from the football pitch than  fans like them to be.

 The original Olympic bid traded heavily on the  legacy the Games would leave.

 And Lord Coe traded hard on the thought  that that is the at the heart of that legacy, and for him that would  mean making promises.

 Blackburn Rovers have moved up to  seventh in the Barclays Premier League table.

 They beat West Brom  2-0 at Ewood Park.

 David Hoilett scored a fantastic second goal for  the home side.

 You can see highlights of the weekend's games  on Match of the Day two on BBC Two now.

  England may have brushed aside Australia at Test cricket but the  one day game is proving much harder.

 Australia beat the visitors by four  wickets today in Sydney.

 So that means they've taken a 3-0 lead in  the series, with four matches still to play.

 England captain Andrwe  Strauss had insisted it was time for cool heads in Sydney, but  Strauss himself was involved in a moment of blind panic in the heat  of competition.

 Jonathan Trott made up for his blunder by defiantly  remaining at the crease for an unbeaten 84.

 Australian veteran  Brett Lee looked like a man giving a master class, and enjoying this  particular lesson as he made light work of England's tail-enders.

 But  in reply, England's bowlers started brightly, taking quick wickets,  including that of Captain Michael Clarke.

 Like England, Australia had  their own Mr Reliable at the crease as Brian Hadden reached his half  century.

 When he went, suddenly Australia looked nervous.

 But where  Hadden left off, Hussy picked up.

 In the end it was just too easy for  Australia.

 To win the one-day series, England will have to do it  the hard way.

 That's all the sports

 Hello, welcome to Midlands Today  with Suzanne Virdee and Nick Owen.

 The headlines tonight:  A 20-year-old nursery worker appears in court charged with two  serious sexual assaults on a child.

 Fury over delays in the postal  service.

 Some people are only just receiving Christmas cards.

  Would allow oldest public services and to have this tarnished is a  disgrace.

 -- one of our oldest.

 Another bumper year despite the  downturn.

 Land Rover report a 30% sales hike.

  We have guaranteed a future for ourselves.

 We have showed the world.

  And Villa manager Gerard Houllier on the pressures of dropping into  the bottom three.

 We're here for better or worse, we  are going through tough period, I Good evening, welcome to Friday's  Midlands Today from the BBC.

 Tonight, a nursery assistant from  Birmingham has been remanded in custody charged with two serious  sexual offences against a child.

 20-year-old Paul Wilson from  Nechells is due in court again next week.

  Paul Wilson, aged 20, appeared in the dock wearing a black-hooded  jacket and jeans and flanked by custody officers.

 He's an assistant  at the Little Stars day nursery in Nechells in Birmingham and it's a  police investigation into allegations of abuse centred on the  nursery which have led to today's charges.

  If a four-minute hearing, Paul Wilson spoke to confirm his name  and to give his address as the Nechells area of Birmingham.

 Two  charges were place against him, both against a serious sexual  offence against a child under the age of 13.

 Last night parents and  members of the community gathered for a meeting in Nechells where  they were updated on the investigation and offered advice  and support.

 Childcare professionals say that parents must  remain calm.

 My advice would be to wait and see  how things develop and not to panic, and not to press your child by  asking very direct questions, although that is a great temptation  for a parent.

 Inquiries are continuing at Little Stars but the  police have already said they have no evidence of abuse against other  children at the nursery.

 Paul Wilson was remanded in custody to  appear in the Crown Court next Friday.

 There was no application  for bail.

 And a telephone line offering  advice and support to parents and advice and support to parents and  guardians has been set-up.

 The You're watching Midlands Today from  the BBC.

 Still to come: Form an orderly queue, as it's open all  hours once again for this village The postal regulator, Postcomm, is  to question Royal Mail over its performance in Warwickshire after a  month of disrupted services in the county.

 Royal Mail has now  apologised to customers for any inconvenience caused, but it's  understood there's still a backlog of thousands of items of post.

 The  problems follow a change in the way the mail's sorted and delivered.

 Is  this the future of postal deliveries? A number of sorting  offices in Warwickshire are now rolling out their revised programme  which includes posties using trolleys rather than the more  traditional method of bikes and bags but since the system was  introduced in November in the Stratford area, customers have been  complaining that their deliveries have verged between chaotic and  non-existent.

 The whole of the postal system is  constipated and something needs to be done about it and done about a  jolly quickly.

 Peter Brittian is just one of our Midlands Today  viewers to contact us revealing the problem which includes missing tax  demands, birthday and Christmas cards and delayed bills.

 He  believes thousands of items are still undelivered.

  They blame it on the weather, the problem existed before the snow and  before Christmas had come.

 In a reversal to wait, the snow could  have help them because they could not send out the deliveries, so why  wet day back in the sorting office in the Stratford sorting out the  backlog which predate Christmas and the snow.

 Both county MPs and trade  unionists are calling for meetings with Royal Mail to try and help  find a way of resolving the issue.

 People are pretty fed up, they are  fed up that they have not got any post, they do not have Christmas  cars, they have not heard from family and friends, they really  want somebody to do something about it.

 The system that has been  introduced does not work, it will work but not in the form that it  has been introduced.

 They have accepted that now.

 Not publicly,  but privately.

 In a statement, Royal Mail said they would like to  apologise to customers for disruption caused, but they said  Mel has been delivered to all address us now.

 In the meantime,  customers think it is an anomaly that a Sorting Office cannot sort  out a problem of its own making.

 Well, Joan is in our Coventry  studio this evening.

 How bad has it been, Joan?  That was just one irate person, we have been inundated by viewers  telling us about this issue.

 Everybody thought the problem had  been resolved in mid- December, the snow did make the situation worse  but even today we had been contacted by viewers who said they  have just received a birthday card there was posted at the beginning  of December, this issue is ongoing.

 What are Rodmell going to tour to  sort it out? While now have not mentioned a  backlog but -- Royal Mail.

 They are going to have people coming over  the weekend to clear the backlog.

 The message is that to complain if  you have one.

 If you do not get a response, as talk to the ONS --  Ombudsman and the Ombudsman will take up with the regulator.

  Black cab drivers in Coventry are staging a lightning strike in a row  over a driver being targeted by police and insufficient taxi  parking.

 Dozens of gite -- drivers are at staging a protest in the  City, it is expected hundreds more will refuse to work this weekend,  they say they are prepared to stay out until Monday.

 Union leaders are  in negotiations to try and resolve the issue.

  Police have now formally identified a woman who died in a house fire in  Newcastle-under-Lyme last night.

 The body of 45-year-old Helen  Wright was discovered at her home in Cross Street in Chesterton.

 Her  death isn't being treated as suspicious.

  Talks have been taking place this afternoon with the arbitration  service, ACAS, after ambulance workers voted to take industrial  action.

 Great Western, the ambulance trust that covers  Gloucestershire, wants to stagger shift changeover times, claiming it  will improve the service.

 But the main union says the changes will  leave members too tired to work safely.

  Incredibly strong results, 75% voted in favour of strike action,  the first strike action in decades, and 97% of people voted in favour  of some form of industrial action.

 A teenager's been charged with  murder after an assault in Nuneaton in October.

 Adrian Howard, who was  38, was attacked on Black-a-Tree Road.

 He died from his injuries  nearly two months later.

 The 15- year-old, who can't be named, will  appear at Birmingham Crown Court next week.

  £50 million is to be invested in the agricultural showground at  Stoneleigh in Warwickshire.

 The money's being used to develop the  venue over the next ten years.

 The thousand-acre site used to host the  Royal Show until it was scrapped in 2009.

  There's been another big rise in sales at Land Rover.

 Last year the  Solihull-based company sold almost 30% more cars than the previous  year, despite the fragile economic recovery.

 But other car firms in  the region haven't fared so well.

 Our business correspondent, Peter  Plisner, has been looking at the latest figures and he's at a  dealership now.

 Are Land Rover's sales figures as good as they sound,  Peter? Most people think so.

 Nationally  across all manufacturers car sales only rose by around 2% last year.

  Land Rover is well ahead of that trend, although it's worth  remembering that sales have risen from a pretty low base because of  the recession.

 Nevertheless, in showrooms like this they're pleased  to see customers coming back.

 Despite the recession, Land Rover's  clearly still a very desirable brand, even more so during the  recent snow and ice.

 And for workers are the company's Solihull  factory that we spoke to today, the latest sales success means even  more job security.

 I feel confident in the future now,  no worries.

 We had the news that now part of staying open, which is  good.

 It secures a future.

 We are showing the world that we can build  quality vehicles, which is what people want.

 Good news.

 And sales  really have been rocketing, despite the state of the economy last year,  up by 28%, with the company selling more than 40,000 vehicles.

 Sadly  sales at other Midlands car firms weren't so healthy with both Jaguar  and Aston Martin down around 9% last year.

 But Land Rover's strong  performance appears to have surprised even the company's own  management.

 To be honest, we beat our target,  we about back quicker than we thought, we were cautious coming  out of 2009 as most manufacturers were.

  Although the sales are below pre- recession sales, it is much higher  than except -- expected.

 Next week the company will reveal its global  figures, they're expected to show that sales out some of the UK are  powering ahead.

 We are expecting sales up to 25% growth, every  region, Tyne and particular, it is not just China, Europe has  recovered.

 -- China.

 And that performance looks set to continue,  both and home and abroad, later this year the new Range Rover  Evoque goes in sale making the brand even more desirable.

  Joining in the show room is Mike Stevenson from KPMG, Mike, this is  a considerable rise, considering the sales figures are only about  1.

8% around the country? They have got a great product.

 It is a global  brand.

 The market in the US and China, a strong demand.

 Is this an  astonishing rise, bearing in mind we are starting from a low base?  They are still below the 2007 levels, so there are still some way  to get back to those pre-recession sales.

 Jaguar and Aston Martin not  doing so well, why? Jaguar have not had a great year, one has taken a -  - a lot longer to get to market.

 You think will be a better year  next year? I think will be a good year for the prestige brand.

 The  volume makers will struggle.

 snow and ice good for Jaguar and  Land Rover? Why bicarbonate can drive a Land Rover? -- why buy a  car.

 Thanks for joining us this Friday  evening.

 Coming up, seeing the wood from the trees.

 Find out how  forests are nurturing the young and People living in a Worcestershire  village have been celebrating today after finally getting their local  shop back.

 The main focus of Bishampton for 40 years, the store  closed last summer.

 It meant people had to travel miles for the basics,  and a rural community faced a huge sense of loss.

 But it's reopened  today, under new ownership, the 700 You'd have found it hard to find a  happier group of people today.

 They've all got a share in the new  Bishampton Stores.

 £1.

35, thank you.

 It is somewhere  to come in the village, I know we have got a pub, it is a place to  come and meet people, particularly older people, they have found it  difficult to get the staples of bread and milk.

 Vegetables, I think  this will be a godsend for them.

 They are listening to what we want,  so I think it will be successful.

 But it was all very different when  we filmed here last June.

 Soon after, the owner sold up causing  mild panic.

 But Bishampton and Throckmorton Parish Council hit  upon an idea.

 Secure a lengthy mortgage with savings then agree  with villagers to pay a bit of tax towards it.

 To be precise, this  shop is theirs for less than five pence a week.

  We believe it is a vital part of the community and we hope it is  here for ever.

 Without the shops, the village does not have a soul.

  Everybody in the village owns part of the store, you get to have a say  what get sold their comedy does pull at a suggestion form, anything  you want you can buy.

 So, there's kindling wood, alcohol, honey,  shower gel - you can even get your computer repaired.

 There's locally  made bread and, after heartfelt appeals, the welcome return of a  Post Office on Valentine's Day.

 It's going to be a difficult job,  experienced shopkeepers Tony Dorrance and Steve Hawkins are in  charge.

 From previous experience, we have  done it once before, we can do it again.

 It is all about stocking and  the goods that people want and want to buy.

 As long as that, we have  that, we have the village committee come together, chat and tell us  what they want.

 More than 1,000 rural shops have closed in the UK  over the past two years.

 Here in Bishampton they're confident of a  bright future with the passion and That makes me feel good about the  world.

 In 100 days' time, television in  this region will have a revolution.

 Some viewers could even find them  sales -- their screens going blank as the switch-over begins.

 Help is  at hand.

 On behalf of the BBC, I have a  special greeting and a warm welcome to our new viewers in the  Midlands.

.

.

 The moment the Sutton Coldfield  transmitter brought television to the Midlands for the first time.

 In  a few months, it analogue transmissions will be switched off.

  If you have not ONdigital, your screen it could go blank.

 Debbie  Dennis was worried this may happen to her that has been reassured  after a visit to a special digital television website.

 All the  questions you want answered like when are we switching over is all  there and it is easy to use.

 appreciate that not everybody has  access to a computer so for people who have not, they can call our  advice line.

 The staff there will be able to tell people the date the  they -- it switches over.

 It is encouraging many people to change  if the television foray new one.

 As for the old one, that can be  brought to places like this recycling centre near Stratford.

  take around about £2,000 a week on electricals.

 If we see an increase,  that would be helpful for our income and generating finance for  the hospice.

 For as little as £35, you could pick yourself up one of  these and one of these and be able to watch your favourite television  programmes even after the switch- over.

  It begins in March when many transmitters will become digital.

  The biggest change is in September when analogue is finally switched  off.

 There was no chance of escape.

  Now the Kent County Cup match.

 -- now the sport.

  In the last couple of hours, we have learnt that Birmingham City  are on the verge of signing former Wolves striker Kenny Miller and the  Tottenham midfielder David Bentley.

 Miller last played in England with  Derby three seasons ago.

 He then moved to Scotland with Rangers but  the Blues have agreed a fee to sign him on a permanent deal.

  They have signed David Bentley on loan.

  Gerard Houllier may be under pressure but today he predicted  some fantastic times ahead, provided he is given long enough to  do his job.

 The Villa boss would love to sign the England full-back  Wayne Bridge on loan from Manchester City.

 But his first  priority is avoiding an FA Cup banana skin at Sheffield United.

  Did you play Cluedo over Christmas? We did, and I reckon it was the  journalist in the library with a rolled-up tabloid who killed off  four Premier League managers in one fell swoop.

 After all, the pen is  mightier than the sword.

 I belong to this exclusive private  club or four people under great pressure.

 If you lose the game, it  is a crisis.

 If you win, you are a hero.

 It is a long-term job and I  have the backing of the people and the club.

 That is important.

 We are  here for better and for worse.

 We are going through a tough period  and I am aware of that.

 It is difficult for but together, we are  working hard to get back on top.

 Does it make you smile? How do you  react? It is part and parcel of the territory.

 You have no intention of  winning? League Managers Association has  condemned the short-term hiring and firing culture that is endemic in a  game.

 The Chief Executive says there is an incomprehensible belief  that sacrificing the football manager, the scapegoat, and  installing another, will turn around a football club's  performance.

 Of course, that is the job of the  League Managers Association - to keep their members in work for as  long as possible.

 But whilst many Villa fans have been as shocked as  Houllier to find themselves in the relegation zone, the Frenchman  believes he must be given time to put things right.

 You can get  results if you have continuity and stability.

 All I know is we have  quality people round the team and we have quality players.

 When this  is brought together, at some stage, it will be fantastic.

  "Fantastic" is a word Villa fans have not used for ages.

 But if they  crash out of the FA Cup tomorrow and lose to the Blues next Sunday,  Gerard Houllier may well be ringing the League Managers Association for  some careers advice.

 And you can follow Villa and the  rest of the teams on your local BBC radio station.

  One player who will no longer be playing for Houllier is striker  James Collins who has signed for Shrewsbury Town.

 Collins is just 20  and has recently been on loan to Burton Albion where he scored five  times in 11 games.

 He has signed an 18-month contract at Shrewsbury and  goes straight into the squad for tomorrow's League Two game against  Morecambe.

 The Worcester lock Graig Gillies  says he wants to bring the big time back to Sixways starting with  tomorrow's top of the table clash in the Championship against Bedford.

  This week, 34-year-old Gillies signed a new contract which will  keep him at the club until 2013.

 Gillies already holds the club  record for appearances in the modern era and tomorrow's game will  be his 227th for the club.

 Let us hope it is a winning one.

  It was a wonderful day for English critic.

 -- English cricket.

 It is  historic.

 It has been phenomenal.

 Three innings victories.

 Everyone  said, can they win it? Absolutely wonderful.

 Everybody was worried  when it was raining.

 The West Midlands is the 4th most  densely wooded region in England but many fear it is an under-used  resource.

 Research shows a third is not harvested or maintained.

  Campaigners say could be used as a cheaper fuel source and to improve  people's health.

 Here is Bob Hockenhull with the last in his  series on the future of our forests.

 These youngsters of what society  calls NEETS - not in education, employment or training.

 They are  all from housing estates in Telford in Shropshire.

 Not far from their  homes the woods around the Ironbridge Gorge are helping to  give them a sense of purpose in life.

 I come here, it is good fun.

  It is good to be his side.

 We make a fire to warm up then we start  using hooks to fell the trees.

 is better than being inside.

 We are  doing practical stuff.

 teenagers are being taught forestry  skills at the Greenwood Centre in Coalbrookdale.

 It is now considered  to be the national centre for woodcraft and his woodland setting  is hoping to transform lives.

 of people are not made for a  classroom environment where they are in a box.

 When you're like  somebody to have that space out in the woods, it has a beneficial  effect on them.

 It works in a positive way for motivating people.

  It gets them back into employment.

 That is what we are after.

 Helping  the unemployed is just one of the ways our woods can benefit society.

  There are others.

 Here at the birthplace of industry, they want  to start another revolution.

 Wood is, as they feel, a low carbon  energy.

 With fossil fuels becoming more volatile and expensive and the  need to increase ridgy no -- renewable energy, nick believes  would should be the fuel of the future.

 He advises owners on how to  manage their results.

 30% of the woodland is not utilised.

 A key  point that we need to get across is that it is a valuable resource.

 It  is cost-effective to put into the supply chain.

 It is good for  wildlife.

 It is good for carbon and greenhouse gases because we have a  renewable deal.

 Would fuel is already seeing a significant rise  in the Midlands.

 This firm produces woodchip and has seen its customer  base grew from two to 100 index six years.

 It is not just ordinary  households that are using wood is a field.

 Customers include a school,  a theatre, a leisure centre and a nursing home.

 With more than 40,000  words in the Midlands, clearly there is huge potential for plenty  more of us to consider heating our homes in the traditional way.

  We could do with a roaring fire.

 Is Not in the immediate future.

 This  was the scene at this morning.

 This note was up to two inches deep.

  Almost 30 schools were closed in the two counties and driving  conditions were affected across Shropshire, Birmingham and the  Black Country.

 I cannot promise you there will not be any more snow  till the end of winter but just in the immediate future.

 Tonight,  listener will turn into rain.

 It has been a miserable day.

 -- the  snow.

 Tonight there will be heavy rain.

 The weekend is looking fairly  decent.

 Earlier on, you can see how the rain moved up from the south.

  It is making his journey north eastwards.

 They will stay with us  for a little while longer.

 The rain behind it will be the heavy rain we  will experience overnight tonight.

 There will be some clear spells but  not many before more rain moves in.

 Temperatures are diverse depending  on where you are.

 We will look at lows - now we are looking at lows  of zero degrees.

 Tomorrow, the rain will clear in the morning and we  will see some drier and brighter spells are beginning to move into  the Midlands tomorrow.

 Actually, it will feel all right when you are in  the sunshine.

 There will be a brisk westerly wind.

 The wind will change  direction and a set of a 30 mph.

 Saturday night will be a dry night  but it will be a cold night.

 There will be no frost.

 Temperatures will  be as low as zero but because of the breeze, the frost will stay at  bay.

 Over the weekend, Saturday and Sunday will be decent.

 It will be  cold on Sunday but it will be dry and bright.

 On Monday, there will  be some wetter and milder weather The main headlines: A former Labour  MP so has started 818 month JS sentence for at making fraudulent  claims.

 A 20-year-old Birmingham nursery worker has appeared in  court charged with two sexual

 team on this Friday evening.

 Thank  Tonight, a tanker spill close as a major junction on the A14, leaving  hundreds stuck in long delays.

 -- closes a major junction.

  Also tonight, 300 jobs cut and hundreds to follow across the  region.

 Forces cannot protect the front line.

  An e-mail sent to staff by mistake suggests hundreds of job losses at  the National Grid.

 And I will report on an amazing  Drivers are facing severe delays this evening after a crash between  a tanker and a lorry on the A14.

 The accident happened at 11:30pm  this morning and turned into a major incident.

 Onboard the tanker,  thousands of litres of ethanol.

 Subtitles unavailable for 6 minutes  People living nearby were told to  Good evening.

 The National Grid has apologised after an e-mail  detailing restructuring plans was sent to some of its staff by  mistake.

 It outlines changes to the company's operations in Northampton  and Leicestershire.

 The GMB union believes that 400 jobs could be  under threat.

 This is the male blunder which  could potentially upset people in Northampton.

 The National Grid  office here hires around 700 people.

 Over half of those are from a  department called customer operations.

 This is the department  that this leaked document relates to.

 The GMB union says it believes  around 400 jobs are at risk.

 It thinks a site could potentially  close.

 If this comes to pass, it has been a terrible way for the  staff to have found out.

 I think it is disgusting.

 The fact they have  receded by that -- like that makes a mockery of any consultation that  the company are obliged to have.

 Obviously, because they have  already set that out, it is a done deal.

 Workers I spoke to did not  want to go on camera, too worried.

 They said they had concerns about  the restructuring.

 National Grid was at pains to point out that this  document was not a finished product and that no decisions have been  made.

 In a statement, they say: "We have the gall to be the most  effective and efficient of the gas distribution networks and we are  still developing final proposals and plan to present them to staff.

  We are committed to a meaningful consultation with our staff.

"  Tonight, the unions are questioning how meaningful that process will  now be.

 A man has been charged with the  murder of a teenager who died nine years after he was assaulted.

  Jonathan Barton, 19, suffered serious head injuries and was left  disabled.

 After his death, police reopened the investigation.

 Leigh  Clift, 31, is due to appear in court on Monday.

  CCTV pictures have been release of one of the last known sightings of  a missing Milton Keynes man.

 Paolo Sicorello has not been seen since  9th January.

 Cameras recorded him at the One Stop Shop opposite that  the pub where he had spent much of the evening.

  -- opposite the Gifford Park pub.

 A woman whose brother was killed in  Iraq by enemy fire has attended the Iraq Inquiry as Tony Blair is  recalled.

 Sarah Chapman challenged the former Prime Minister to defend  his decision to go to war.

 Sarah Chapman's brother, Bob  O'Connor, died with nine others when their aircraft was shot down  by insurgents in Iraq.

 It had not been fitted with explosives are  present form.

 -- explosive suppressant form.

 A coroner decided  that their deaths were unlawful.

 Today, Sarah listened to Tony Blair  defend the war.

 Last time, I used to the words mark.

 Certainly, Sir  John Chilcot gave him at least two occasions to throw a bone to the  families.

 At least to acknowledge our loss and sacrifice.

 And no  points did he want to do that.

 -- at no point did he want to do that.

  Sarah Chapman is hoping the ongoing inquiry might finally get her some  closure.

 Work has begun on a leisure centre  at Cambourne, expected to open in December.

 The site will have courts  for netball, badminton and martial arts.

 It will also include a gym,  and possibly swimming pool.

 Andrew Lansley de be the first piece of  earth.

 -- dug the first piece.

 know how many teams have sport but  there are in Cambourne.

 For years now, we have been hoping we would  have a sports centre.

 Now, finally, the plans will be brought to  fruition.

 Dairy farmers in the region deserve a better deal from  Europe, that is the message from Richard Howitt at a time when  British milk is selling for less than water.

  This farm in Bedfordshire and the launch of an initiative aimed at  getting us to buy British milk.

 Since we launched the campaign, 40  dairy farmers from this region have gone out of business.

 Unless we act  quickly, I am worried that this tradition of dairy farming will  disappear from East Anglia altogether.

 Dairy farmers across  the country are smuggling -- struggling and whilst a cost of  producing a pint goes up, it is selling for less and less.

 It is  hard for dairy farmers because cost and production has gone up by 2p  since last summer.

 -- two pence a litre.

 We're not getting paid any  more.

 The mission aims to get local farmers a fair price.

 By buying  British, we're giving them the best chance of achieving one.

 To the  mill Cassel is what I would describe as being straight from the  cow.

 It has got the highest hygiene rules.

 If you look at the other  European countries, where some milk does come in from below the  standards, our standards are higher.

 This campaign is enjoying its  moment in the sun.

 Now they want us all to milk it for all it is worth.

  One of Northamptonshire's most iconic landmarks is 200 years old  today.

 The iron trunk aqueduct on the Grand Union Canal is earmarked  for a year-long restoration.

 The aqueduct has long been considered  one of the best examples of Victorian engineering in the  country.

 With a look ahead to a busy weekend  of sport, here is Jonathan.

 For Bourne also come the first  rugby.

 Hundreds of Northampton Saints fans are on routes to the  side for France to see if their side can beat -- if their side can  beat Castres.

 They had an early departure this morning and will be  looking to make it six wins out of six in the stage tomorrow.

 England  and Northampton's Ben Foden is used to taking on a team single-handedly.

  But when he arrived at Luton Airport, he felt lonely.

  Fortunately, his team-mates were not far behind.

 Not so bright-eyed  and bushy-tailed.

 But their spirit of the season is better than ever.

  They are undaunted.

 So much quality over there.

 They have good, strong  set pieces and good experienced forwards.

 Yes, there is much flair.

  Lots of things to think about.

 is a benefit to be playing at home.

  If we can do that and get whatever we need down in France for the home  quarter, then we will be happy.

 Alongside them, the many fans to  dedicate their lives and wallets to following the sense.

 Having to  accept that, should they win, their quarter-final may take place at  Stadium MK instead of Franklin's Gardens.

 Will that be a big blow to  not have the Franklins Gardens feel? I think the atmosphere there  is fantastic.

 We will fill Milton Keynes whatever happens.

  grounds, new teams, it is a great Buzz.

 We enjoy the cultural  experience.

 With the Six Nations two weeks away, the Heineken Cup is  proving the perfect preparation.

 Several Northampton players are  expecting their country's call.

 Bedford start the weekend in Wales.

  Blues travel to Swansea.

 They will hand a competitive debut to Josh  Bassett.

 In football, nothing has been won  or lost yet but we are approaching the time to stake your claim.

 Peter  Byrne and MK Dons asked looking for promotion.

 Posh are outside of the  They say that homes were the parties.

 For MK Dons, home is where  the points are.

 -- Home is where the heart is.

 70% of their points  have come in Stadium MK.

 But to be contenders, their away record will  have to improve.

 At home, you tend to play better.

 When you are away,  the home team do not lead to play.

 We have lots to live up to.

 -- let  you play.

 We have said the league record.

 It is night and day.

  Performance here, compared to when we are away.

 If we had the magic  recipe for that, we would be top of the League.

 Time for the acid test.

  Their next four games are away from home, starting at Dagenham tomorrow.

  We're getting better on the road.

 There is not a curse.

 We are  getting better.

 I know that we will turn a corner.

 This man should help.

  Rowan Vine, once described as the best outside the Premier League.

  has tremendous quality.

 In what we have seen, he has shown he is a  good footballer.

 He possesses some quality.

 As well as Rowan Vine,  Robinson is adding passion to the team.

  Fans of Northampton will be hoping to see Shaun Harrod to this more  often.

 He might even take his shirt off as well.

 The new signing scored  against them last season but will make his debut tomorrow.

  At the world and door balls

 to South Today.

 In tonight's  programme: Taking to the streets, workers  protest at council cuts as more job losses are announced.

 Far too long  we have been the whipping boys, taking more cuts will kill us.

 We  will fight to the death.

 It is time our voice got heard.

  Take that, the pensioner who meted out her own justice when a burglar  broke in.

 Gave him a crushing blow on the  head like that, two or three times.

 He said, let me go! Let me go! But  End of any era, Reading says goodbye to a part of its own  history.

 And find out why weather woman  Alexis Green is feeling the full More town hall cuts were announced  today and this time it is the management facing the chop.

 Up to  40 senior posts are to go at Southampton City Council.

 The  authority says the move will save £2 million a year.

 Workers have  already been asked to accept a week's unpaid leave.

 Unions are  calling it blackmail.

 It brings the total number of council job losses  so far across our region to 4514.

 Our Hampshire political reporter  Alex Forsyth watched today as workers staged a protest at the  ongoing cuts in the city.

 They marched to make them message  heard.

 No pay cuts and no job cuts.

 Hundreds of protesting council  workers were joined by NHS staff outside Southampton's Civic Centre,  many on their lunch break.

 There is real strength of feeling today.

  Anger at these cuts.

 Southampton employees ark at --  receding changes to their terms and conditions.

  The council announced a 40 management jobs are also going.

  They say this is not a reaction to protests.

  We have been working on this for over a year, this is not a knee-  jerk reaction.

 This is not about pressure on the unions.

 This is  looking at the entire organisation and taking our capacity where we  can.

 The council is looking to its wage  bill to help save money after a cut in its government grant.

 Workers  say they are the ones that will suffer.

  I will probably lose my house.

 And struggling to make ends meet.

 Cut  my money and I will lose my house.

 Angry.

 Why have put 14 years of my  life into that council.

 They turned round and say that to me, £140 a  month.

 That is a big chunk.

 It has taking the council far too  long.

 We are the whipping boys.

 We are out in all kinds of weathers.

  We have had enough of.

 If I have to take a cut in pay, it  will not be worth me working.

 Unions ballot next week to see what  action they will take next.

 Fluoride should be added to the  water of 200,000 people around Southampton despite all the  protests against it the court heard today.

 Thousands of people objected  to the scheme, but the health authority said it should go ahead  to reduce tooth decay.

 On the final day of a hearing at the High Court,  it was claimed that the three-month consultation had cost the strategic  health authority £200,000.

 Our health correspondent David Fenton  is at the court and joins us now.

 What were the health benefits that  were being talked about today? Mainly less decay in children's  teeth.

 That was the basic point.

 In Southampton, 500 children every  year need teeth extracted in hospital.

 This boy's teeth are fine,  but generally the number of it children under the age of five up  with missing or decayed teeth is above the national average.

 It was  said that adding fluoride to the water would improve that and it  should be done despite all protest against it.

 7,000 out of the 10,000  people who responded were against the plans.

 That is what the woman  who brought the case had to say this afternoon.

  I think the judge has been very thorough.

 I think he has taken his  obligation in judgment very seriously.

 I think he is a very  fair man.

 I think he will wake up a very seriously.

  The judge said government policy on this was confused?  He did.

 Initially, the government said that public support for  fluoride in the water was necessary.

 That it could not go ahead without  it.

 Then it said, health authorities had to keep regard of  the level of support.

 Which is not the same thing at all.

 The judge  said other parts of the country were thinking about putting  fluoride in the water and were watching this case and that the  Government's position should be clarified, which he may do in his  judgment.

 And when will we get that decision?  Probably it will be several weeks.

 The judge has to decide whether to  let them put the fluoride in the water or quash that decision.

 If he  does that, the health authority might have to go back and do  consultation again.

 I think that is unlikely, but it is not impossible.

  A man has been found guilty of attempted murder after carrying out  a ferocious machete attack in Crawley.

 Antonio Batsimba was  described by the judge as extremely dangerous and he faces a lengthy  prison sentence.

 Batsimba wielded the machete during a fight between  two groups of men in Crawley last September.

 Mark Sanders reports.

  Antonio Batsimba went on the rampage with murder in mind.

 Armed  with a machete he hacked at the heads of his victims.

  These scars are the consequences of his actions.

 This man will be  disfigured for life.

 He is lucky to be alive after what he did to him.

  What started as a mass brawl between two groups of men in the  heart of Crawley escalated to attempted murder.

 Antonio Batsimba  saw his friends involved in a fight and joined in.

 He took this machete  and wielded with a fury.

 He hacked at this man while he lay on the  ground.

 He was found guilty of attempting to murder him.

 He also  attacks this man.

 Batsimba pleaded guilty to causing him grievous  bodily harm, but was acquitted of attempted murder.

  This was a brutal and shocking attack.

 The circumstances were  described in court as horrific.

 The defendant went from one victim to  another striking them with this lethal weapon.

 It was fortunate no-  one was killed.

 He gave evidence that he too was  attacked by Batsimba, but the jury found him not guilty of wounding  with 10 -- intent.

 After the verdicts were returned to  court was told Batsimba had previous convictions for robbery  and assault.

 The judge described him as an extremely dangerous young  man and warned him he faced the prospect of a very long prison  sentence.

 He was taken back to prison this  afternoon and will be sentenced next month.

  Significant change to Britain's constitution since 1832, but it has  been stopped by an argument over the Isle of Wight.

 The House of  Lords last night threw out government plans to split the  island with a mainland constituency in the biggest rebellion the  coalition government has yet seen.

 Our political editor Peter Henley  reports.

 They had collected names at  festivals, even driven them on the back of a bus to Downing Street and  when the campaign against carving up of the Isle of Wight have  reached the House of Lords, 42 peers rebelled against the  government's plans.

 It has the support of political  parties on the island, it has the support of councils, support of the  business community and above all, it has the support of the public  himself -- themselves.

 The Isle of Wight is Britain's  biggest constituency and does not fit with electoral reforms.

 On the  island there are 110,000 voters.

 There are many options for handing  over a bit of the island to a mainland constituency, which have  proved deeply unpopular.

 Nobody thinks of having anything to  do with Portsmouth because we are one entity.

 We should have one MP.

  I am glad they stood up for us.

 Spread the Isle of Wight in two,  maybe.

 But not take it on to there mainland.

  The isle is quite unique.

 You need that continuity of one  person.

 If the government makes an  exception for the Isle of Wight's MP, went every member of parliament  want to make out a special case? I would not say I was optimistic  the government has decided to back down, we have a winning streak and  we have to keep it moving.

 It may be a small island, but it  has given the government a big problem.

  The Still to come in this evening's South Today:  Nasty Nick has a message for you.

 Iron John Altman, better known as  the Nick Cotton from EastEnders, later on the programme I will tell  you why I will be down in Portsmouth during the Great South  Run this year.

 Two men have been banned from  driving after being caught car surfing in West Sussex.

 These CCTV  pictures show Kieran Burgess from Stedham and a 17-year-old boy from  Haslemere who can't be named for legal reasons, hanging onto the  roof of a car as it is driven round a car park in Midhurst last  September.

 They both pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and were  banned for a year.

 The 17-year-old had only passed his test two months  earlier.

 A brave 84-year-old Hampshire  pensioner has been talking about the moment she repeatedly hit a  burglar with a walking stick.

 Doris Thiele and her daughter Helen  struggled with the man after finding him in an upstairs bedroom.

  Both have received police commendations for their courage.

  Steve Humphrey has been to meet Doris at her home.

  Gave him a crushing blow on the head like that.

 Two or three times.

  He said, let me go! Let me go! But no.

  Today Doris relived be terrifying struggle that took place in her  house last October.

 The retired civil servant and her 59-year-old  daughter Helen had discovered end intruder at 3am in the morning.

  Ice-creams, she jumped out of bed and rushed out of the bedroom.

 -- I  screamed.

 Eventually, the man got out of the  house by head-butting a glass door.

 I stood my ground.

 I was not  frightened.

 My daughter was not either.

  They confronted this man who has now been jailed for three years for  a number of burglary and shoplifting offences.

 Meanwhile,  Doris and Helen received bravery awards from Hampshire Police.

  You are entitled to protect yourself and others, to protect  your home and to conduct a citizen's arrest.

 You must bear in  mind that you can only ever use reasonable force.

  Do you feel proud about what happened?  No.

 I don't.

 We laugh about it, but I am not proud.

 If it happened  again, I would do it again.

 Plucky 84-year-old Doris and her  daughter Helen too.

 Campaigners are trying to stop a hospital building  steeped in history from being knocked down.

 The Royal Sussex  County Hospital was designed by Sir Charles Barry famous for his role  in rebuilding the Palace of Westminster.

 The Barry building  predates Florence Nightingale and there is also a grade two listed  chapel inside.

 The hospital trust says it is time to replace it, but  opponents say it should not bulldoze history.

  Once it was one of the three staples of the Reading economy.

 Of  the three Bs, beer, bulbs and biscuits, only the brewing industry  made it into this century.

 Last year it too shut up shop and now  the equipment used to make ale in the town is being shipped out.

 Joe  Campbell has been watching the complicated move of the huge  fermentation vessels and talking to one of the workers left behind.

  Are you ready? It was a logistical nightmare, 11 of these vessels used  to make beer are being moved over two days to Southampton.

 After that  they will be shipped to Poland.

 Getting them out of town, a  painstaking job.

 You have to manage traffic and keep  them out of the wave.

 For some watching it, it was a  painful sight.

 I used to work at the Brewery, and  I remember those tanks going in.

 It has all gone now.

 It is a shame.

  This bit of the brewing industry was not going easy despite the  planning.

 You are thinking, will it get  through, have I done this might? Once the first load gets through,  you are happy the rest will follow.

 These huge fermentation vessels are  worth the expense.

 There is a demand for them in Poland.

 For  those who used to operate them, finding a new life after the  brewery's departure has been less easy.

  Michael Ashworth spent 28 years at the brewery.

 It was a big blow for  Reading when it shut down.

 And for the employers too.

 I did not expect  it to come.

 It hurt us all.

 Today there was no turning back.

  Bulbs, biscuits and now the heart of the brewery have gone from  Reading.

 Many people are sad to see that go,  I am sure.

 On to sport and Roger Johnson is here.

 In a moment we  will meet Nick Cotton.

 You behave!  You could get a job in EastEnders! He is a very nice guy.

  I hope so.

 I was getting scared.

 First, I am sure the irony of this  will not be lost on you.

 Hampshire went to the West Indies for some  winter warm weather pre-season practice, but could be coming home  early because of rain! Their final group match in the Caribbean  Twenty20 tournament was going well.

 Trinidad and Tobago lost three  quick wickets last night.

 But then the heavens opened.

 The match was  shortened, but they could not get close to completing it.

 So  Need of Trinidad and Tobago to beat Barbados on Friday night in order  for them to reach the semi-finals.

 There is a big weekend in prospect  for some of the region's brightest young hockey players.

 While the  outdoor season takes its winter break, the junior national finals  are held this weekend.

 And for the under-16 champions from last year,  it is time to take a big step up.

 As Rachel Canter explains.

  They are at the top of their game, but it is about to get a whole lot  tougher.

 These girls from the Trojans club near Eastleigh in  Hampshire were the nation's best as under-16s last year.

 This weekend  they are heading to the National Indoor Championships as under- 18s.

  And it is time to grow up fast.

 the picture of anyone makes a  mistake, none of us mind.

 We are a team.

 We have had a strong team all  the way through, we had we would get this far again.

  The girls come from a range of backgrounds and are members of one  of the region's leading multi- sports clubs.

 It is their  camaraderie which often gives them the edge.

  We have known each other foyer long-time.

 On the pitch we know  what we are doing.

 The captain is the coach's younger  sister.

 It is a family affair where what big brother says goes.

  They all work hard despite their banter.

 There are a fantastic group  to work with.

 The under-16s champions play as under-18s for two  seasons.

 So there is always next year, but they don't plan on  needing a second chance.

 Best of luck to them.

  Organisers of this year's Great South Run are expecting a record  entry of 25,000 runners.

 The event enables fun runners, raising  enormous sums for charity, to share the course with some of the world's  top distance runners.

 The 2011 race launch was held in Portsmouth this  It is now officially the best 10 mile road race in the world.

 The  Great South Run long-since came of age.

 But now in its 22nd year the  event is without equal.

 And they always attract a famous  face or two to boot.

 EastEnders' Nasty Nick is hoping to run for the  third time in aid of the Alzheimer's Society.

  The vibe here is great.

 Even if it is pouring with rain, people get on  with it.

 It is not like going shop -- shopping in the rain.

 If you are  running in the rain, it cools you down.

 It is fine.

  The famous faces are secondary to the elite runners.

 That is one of  the reasons world athletics' governing body has made it one of  the planet's small number of gold label events.

 The men's course  record was broken again last year.

 And one of the former winners of  the women's race is back this time as she sets her targets on the  Olympic marathon in 2012.

 Any event 10 miles and above is  tough.

 You have to play a mental game.

 It feels hard and it can hurt  by a long time.

 You have to stay relaxed and focused.

 It is a  challenge I enjoy doing.

 More than 10,000 runners have already signed  up.

 Entrant 18,319 will bring up a quarter of a million in the event's  history.

 The Great South Run on October 30th could be the biggest  and best yet.

 Last year, a record times.

 They had  some of the best weather.

 Where there is a subject, as we look back  over 50 years and delve into the archives.

 1979, the great storm.

  Last year must be fairly memorable.

 -- 1987.

  I said Stuart! Tonight -- by a slept through it.

  Today, our own weather woman Alexis Green reminds us of some of the  biggest weather stories in the south.

  50 years of weather in the south has given us something to talk  about.

 We have just had the coldest December on record, but in 1963 the  average daily temperature stayed below zero for three consecutive  months.

 Parts of Oxfordshire plunged to minus 17 degrees.

 Of  course, children love the snow, as we can see in his home movie filmed  in Surrey.

 Although the ice was thick, the novelty wore thin and  people decided to clear blocked roads themselves.

 Now, let us turn  up the heat.

 The summer of 1976 was not the hottest ever, but it sticks  in many people's minds because it was both hot and dry.

 The drug was  so severe, water authorities were forced to control supplies.

  Eventually fires broke out.

 Papaya -- fire has started two miles over  there.

 It has come past the country club and is now threatening a group  of small holdings.

 Floods turned the Isle of Portland  in to an action will -- actual island in 1979.

 Cars were turned  upside down, but the road to Weymouth was under water anyway.

  Residents took to boats.

 Hot, cold, wet, that just leaves  windy.

 In 1987 a deep depression formed on the western side of the  British Isles.

 On the evening news, Michael Fish's forecast failed to  predict the approaching storm force stop earlier a woman called the BBC  saying she had there was a hurricane on the way.

  Don't worry, there is not.

 15 million trees were brought down  across the south.

 To give you an idea of conditions, I have come to  the University of Southampton's wind tunnel.

  I am lying down.

 That fan is 43mph, the speed of the storm in Dorset.

  The wind goes a stronger as a DIS storm moves east.

  Add up Thorney Island the wind had increased it to 68mph.

  It is little more than a shattered monument.

  In Littlehampton, a group of 16 houses swept away.

  The airport suffered too.

 There has recorded wind speed was at Shoreham  Airport, 83mph with gusts of 115.

 To show me what that was like, Mike  is pushing the wind tunnel to its Almost nothing was left standing.

  At least 15,000 trees were lost in we cursed place.

 They did three  years to clear up the damage.

 Power lines were brought down and some  work up to find a very different room -- view from their homes.

  Fortunately, storms like this happen only once in every 100 years  and I will do my best to warn you if I see one coming.

  I have been blown it literally a way! I think I am dribbling!  That is amazing.

 94mph.

 Your feet nearly came off.

  I was told to keep them on the ground.

 I wanted to fly desperately,  but I was not allowed to.

 It was wonderful for weather  forecasters after 1987, they never make -- pronouncements.

  It might snow! The early human being in back  tunnel was an Olympic skier.

 Well done! It looked really good!  Next week Steve Humphrey remembers the greengrocer from Gosport, Sir  Alec Rose who received a hero's welcome when he sailed into  Southsea in 1968 to complete his single-handed trip around the world.

  We will see footage which has never before been broadcast, find out  what happened to Sir Alec's yacht Lively Lady and meet the new  generation who are working hard to keep the story alive.

  Make sure you are with us next Thursday for another look back at  the archives.

 Tonight, and the weather.

 We had a  frosty start this morning.

 Did you have the ice scraper out? It was a  chilly start to the day, but that did not stop this dog from dipping  his paws into the frozen water at Wilton Water Meadows.

 This picture  was taken by Patrick O'Donnell.

 Two donkeys were enjoying the  morning sunshine in the New Forest captured by Michael Charter.

  And it was a grey day for a grey squirrel in Paul Hancock's garden  It was a very chilly start to the day.

 Tomorrow will be slightly  colder.

 Frost for some of us, increasing cloud cover the further  east you are.

 For the first part of the evening, stray showers.

 Where  those temperatures plummet, the risk of ice on untreated roads.

  Widespread frost for western areas, and the chance of freezing fog  which will reduce his ability.

 Temperatures down to -2 degrees,  perhaps lower than that in the country.

 Cloud for South Eastern  areas first thing tomorrow morning, but that cloud will thin and break  by the afternoon.

 A decent day, little in the way of showers.

 Highs  of will four degrees.

 Temperatures a degree although so that -- degree  or so lower than today.

 Still the chance of a shower by dawn or on  Saturday.

 Temperatures will drop below a bad light, down to -2  degrees in some towns and cities.

 In the countryside, lower than that.

  High pressure remains in charge of a weather system.

 We will see  weather fronts and go south, but as we head towards the weekend we will  see that cloud cover increase.

 Saturday daytime, we start on a  misty, murky night.

 That cloud cover will thin and break.

 By  Sunday we will see the cloud staying with us.

 For most of us a  gloomy weekend, some bright spells, but also the chance of a shower.

  Enjoy the sunshine tomorrow while you can.

 As we had -- head into the  weekend and next week, but cloud cover will make it feel chilly.

  There is a full five-day forecast available on the website.

 You can  have a bespoke weather forecast by typing in your city.

 Send us your  weather pictures for Saturday.

 You can log on to our website.

  Thank you.

 That is about it.

 Before we go, we don't normally do  birthday wishes on the programme,

 Condemnation of Libya.

 Tonight as  troops are accused of using machine guns against anti-Government  protestors.

 Reports say that dozens have been killed in some parts.

  Britain says the shootings cannot go on.

 We have received reports of  up to 35 bodies arriving at one hospital alone, these reports are  horrifying.

 Bahrain there are more clashes but the authorities say  they will open talks with the opposition.

 We will examine what  these latest events mean for the region, also tonight.

 Barclays is  criticised for paying less than 3% of its multi-billion pound profits  in corporation tax.

 And Everton knock Chelsea out of the FA Cup in  Good evening.

 Snipers and machine guns are reported to have been used  against anti-Government protestors in Libya in a move that Britain's  Foreign Secretary has condemned.

 According to human rights  campaigners the death toll is at least 84.

 William Hague said he  understood 35 bodies had been brought to one hospital alone after  five days of protests in the second City of Benghazi.

 Our diplomatic  correspondent reports.

 Chaotic scenes apparently on the streets of  Libya's second city Benghazi yesterday.

 The protestors flee, you  can hear the panic in their voices.

 On the run it seems from unseen  security forces.

 On the ground, at least one man lies wounded.

 The  unnerving crack of gun fire, more scenes of violence in another city  in the east of Libya it seem, what follows is a fatal shot to the head  too disturbing to show, just some glimpses of the brutal reaction to  protests in Libya, now turning up on the internet.

 Other pictures  from the City of Benghazi show a water truck, bearing down on demon  stray for what we don't see is the swoop by Government troop on an  encampment that involves snipers and heavy weaponry.

 But resident  wos have been talking to emigre Libyans in London say many have  been hurt Today is probably the bloodiest day so far, the really  frightening thing is because Libya has no journalists, it is sealed  off, that it can continue to act with even more immunity, that it  has been able to do so far.

 It was yesterday evening as this graft  graph shows that internet activity in Libya came to a halt.

 A  deliberate attempt to impose an information ban.

 These reports are  horrifying.

 And we want to make clear to the Libyan Government,  that just because there aren't television cameras present at the  scenes that are going on in Libya, that does not mean that the world  is not watching.

 What is not clear is whether the unrest could still  be a serious challenge to Libya's leader of the past four decades  Colonel Gaddafi.

 These images show protest spreading.

 This is much  closer to the capital.

 We are with you Benghazi says the voice, and  then alarm, the police are coming.

 Meanwhile in the capital Tripoli  calmer pictures of patriotic flag waves at a pro-Government rally.

  But for how much longer? Well, as the Libyan leader faces that  unprecedented challenge to his rule thousands of anti-Government  protestors in Bahrain have resumed their occupation of Pearl Square,  the foeingle point of protest.

 They returned after riot police with  crew but not before firing teargas and shotgun rounds.

 The authorities  said they would open a dialogue with the opposition, our world  affairs correspondent is in the captain -- capital and sent this  report.

 It was the first move in a day of rapid changes.

 The army  ordered off the street.

 A major concession by a family that has  ruled this country the way it sees fit for two centuries.

 It was a  signal to the protestors to move.

 And they came out in force.

 What  they are calling for is a free and fair Government, and they also want  equal rights for the Shia Muslim majority here.

 When the last few  minutes, hundreds of protestors have broken away from the hospital,  and are heading up the streets towards Pearl round about.

 The  military have withdrawn.

 The police are still in place who knows where  this is going to end.

 These are the men who have blocked their path all  week.

 Loathed and feared in equal measure.

 Their tactics are simple.

  This movement is rooted in decades of discontent.

 But the beatings and  bloodshed of the last few days have only made them bolder.

 In a region  where disSeptember is rarely allowed, what happened next was  astonishing.

 The police in rapid retreat.

 -- dissent.

 And protestors  clearing the path back to Pearl Square.

 The balance of power in  this region is shifting.

 This is our country and we are leaving here  and we will die here also, whatever, we are not afraid and we will not  go.

 Their anger and chants are directed against the king and his  family.

 Imagine having the same Prime Minister for the last 40  years.

 In the space of a few hours, what is happening in Bahrain seems  to have turned on its head.

 The police and army are nowhere to be  seen.

 Once again, if the protestors, it is the protestors who are if  charge here.

 The protest movement is rooted in the Shia community.

  Sacrifice, and martyrdom courses through their veins and with large  Shia blocks in other gulf states these images will unsettle many of  Bahrain's neighbours.

 You will one, ten will appear.

 You kill ten,  thousands will appear.

 People will not shut your mouth because you  have killed a few of us.

 It will be your blood as well.

 Tonight, the  Crown prince appeared on TV.

 He called for calm, and a dialogue  with the opposition.

 So the tents are back in Pearl round about.

 Now  the Government must decide how far it can go to meet their demands.

  This protest movement is still not a week old.

 But it looks stronger  than ever.

 Well, our correspondent joins u us now, the defiance is  increasing, so too especially if Libya the violence is increasing,  what is your assessment in terms of the shift of the ball lan of power?  It is interesting if you compare today to yesterday, yesterday it  seemed Friday, a day traditionally in the Muslim world where you get a  lot of crowds gathering in protest across the region protests, we were  hearing about them in Libya, Bahrain but the Government's trying  to control the situation using some force, the security services, today,  it doesn't feel as though there is a similar pattern.

 If you compare  Bahrain with Libya, they really very different today.

 In Bahrain we  have seen the Government making concessions, the pull out of troops,  the crowd.

 Emboldened by that and talk of a possible opening of  dialogue if the protestors are prepared to go along with that.

  What we are hearing in Libya is what seems like a crackdown.

 An  attempt at information black out.

 An attempt it seems of trying to  corden off Benghazi where most of the protests have been centred.

  Almost under siege it seems from some eyewitness reports and as  though Colonel Gaddafi and his authority isn't prepared to see  compromise.

 What we don't know is what the reaction will be.

 If they  have been eemboldened in Bahrain, in Libya will they be so that this  is their moment and they should push back? What is more, if you  look further afield there are other protest, there has been trouble in  Algeria where riot police dispersed a crowd, just hundreds but rearing  its head there and more protests in Yemen, so we don't know, today,  feels different from yesterday, what is more difficult to say at  all, is what tomorrow will bring.

 What is to come.

 No doubt we will  speak about it.

 Thank you.

 Let us turn to other news now.

 Barclays  paid less than 2.

5% of its multi- billion pound profits in UK corks  in 2009.

 It revealed the detail after requests by an MP on the  Treasury Select Committee.

 He has described it as shocking.

 The rate  for corporation tax is normally 28%.

 Barclays says the bill was low  because of losses the previous year.

 Our business correspondent has more.

  Barclays like all big banks had hoped to draw under a line about  how much they earn, now the spotlight is on how much tax they  pay.

 Would you say one of the ways companies meet their obligation to  society is through the payment of tax, yes or no? I think payment of  tax is an important responsibility of businesses, yes.

 After this  grilling of its chief executive by MPs last month, the bank has  released details of its corporation tax payments but its critics are  still far from satisfied.

 We as tax payers have put in over 1.

2  trillion.

 The largest banks are going to be making profits of 1.

5  billion a year.

 All we ask is they make a fair contribution.

 Response  Corporation tax is a levy on profits and the current rate is 28%.

  Barclays made a profit in 2009 of 4.

6 billion, but paid 113 million  in corporation tax in the UK, which works out at 2.

4% of profits.

  you look at the overall tax bill from banks only about 20% comes  from corporation tax, the rest of it will come from national  insurance sh, income tax and other forms of taxation, but this level  is remarkably low.

 Barclays has a legal obligation to its owners to  keep all costs including tax to a minimum, at the same time they have  said that paying tax is one of the key obligations to society.

 Many  people in that society won't be able to accept that only £113  million was paid in corporation tax, while 3.

5 billion was paid in  salaries and bonuses last year.

 Today, this group of activists  stormed some Barclays branches.

 A sit-in by the uncut movement forced  this one to close.

 The wider row over banks' behaviour looks like it  is not moving on either.

 The Labour leader Ed Miliband has attacked the  Government's plans to give more power to family doctors in England.

  Speaking at the Welsh Labour Conference he accused ministers of  planning too rip up the NHS.

 warned David Cameron and the  Government, the ill feeling he created over the forests will be  like nothing compared to the anger that people will feel as he tries  to rip up our NHS.

 Doesn't he understand some things are too  precious to be left to the market? I have met more people in the NHS  and I have talked to more people in the NHS than anybody else in  politics.

 I know, because for years I have been talking to people in  the NHS they feel if nay had more responsibility and resources they  could do it better, design it better and care for people better.

  That is the opportunity we will give them.

 Now, let us get the news  of the FA Cup and the rest of the sport.

 Here is Sally.

 All hopes of  an FA Cup upset at Old Trafford were dashed today.

 Manchester  United beat non-league Crawley 1-0 but they did give the 11 time  champions a run for their money.

 And even looked like equalising  near the end.

 It was a day to be proud of for the team as Andy Swiss  reports.

 The magic of the Cup.

 It is the oldest cliche in football  but for Crawley fans the truest.

 They swarmed to Old Trafford, with  songs, silly wigs and dreams of an extraordinary upset.

 Manchester  United are a mere 93 league places above them.

 But Crawley are not  your traditional cup part-timers.

 No plumbers or postmen here and  they began brightly.

 But after half an hour Wes Brown flicked United  ahead.

 The hosts breathed a sigh of relief and that surely was that.

  How wrong we were.

 Crawley clung on to the break and after it  threatened a come back.

 First David Hunt went close.

 Then Matt Tubs  went closer.

 Testify gripping.

 The tension plain to see.

 Deep into  stodge time the most agonising of all.

 Richard Brody within a cross  bar of forcing a replay.

 United held on, just, but for Crawley and  their fans the very pluckiest of defeats.

 That was fan tabgtastic,  so proud to be from Crawley.

 I thought that was a Premiership game.

  So proud of them.

 Well done lads.

 mean it would have been great and  we nearly did it, but just weren't quite there.

 But as a day out it  was fantastic.

 This was an heroic display, they pushed United every  ifpb of the way.

 Their adventure mieing might be over but it has  ended in memorable style.

 Well in the other fifth round matches  Birmingham went through to the last eight after 3-0 win.

 Stoke went  through by the same score line.

 The holders Chelsea are out chasing a  third successive victory, they were beaten on penalties by Everton in  their Fourth Round replay at Stamford Bridge.

 One life, one love,  one club, what about one goal? Having failed to score in their  previous two match, Chelsea paid for their errors against Everton.

  Frank Lampard had enough chances to win three games on his own.

 With  seconds left.

 A rare Everton attack, Baines left fly and the assistant  waved off side.

 Just.

 Extra time, another chance for Chelsea and  Lampard who finally couldn't miss.

 Game over, well, wait.

 Two minutes  left and Everton free-kick and the moment of sheer precision by  Leighton Baines.

 1 lver 1.

 It would take penalties to unlock these  teams.

 An early miss by Baines of all people.

 A calamity by Anelka  evened it up again.

 The direct route.

 Ashley Cole next.

 It left  Phil Neville 12 yards from glory.

 The cup maintain its drama and  Chelsea look like a team of stars who have forgotten how to shine.

  There was a chance for the other teams in the Scottish Premier  League to grab the headlines today.

 The cricket World Cup has begun  with match between the co-hosts and it was India who came out on top.

  They beat Bangladesh by 87 runs.

 Sweingsweing -- Virender Sehwag hid  175.

 The sixth highest score in World Cup history to set ban desh  an unassailable target.

 You can see

 Hello and welcome to BBC Points  West.

 In tonight's headlines Granted more time in the Jo Yeates  murder inquiry, police are given another day to continue questioning  the man in custody.

 Police continue meticulous searches.

  Also tonight, a suspended sentence for the fireman who caused the  death of a farmer when his siren stampeded the cattle.

  And how technology designed for fighter pilots is giving pain  Good evening.

 Avon and Somerset police have this afternoon been  given more time to question a man about the murder of a Jo Yeates.

  The 32-year-old suspect was arrested in the early hours of  yesterday morning.

 The scope of the investigation has widened to taking  two separate addresses in Bristol.

 Jo Yeates's -- Jo Yeates  disappeared five weeks ago, the search for her killer is as intense  as ever.

 Not one, but two addresses now under meticulous forensic  examination.

 The canning Road in Bristol -- there is Canynge Road in  Clifton.

 Hers is the flat at the right of the building.

  Investigation has knows no -- now switched to the left.

 It is  registered to this man, Vincent Tabak, a Dutch engineer.

 These  aerial photos show in forensic officers preparing to enter the  flat from the rear of the building.

 Living above his Christopher  Jefferies, a landlord currently on back with -- police bail.

 He has  not been charged.

 A mile away in Cotham, a second  search area on Aberdeen Road.

 Residents now have to negotiate  their way through police tape.

 There's not so much information at  the moment, but it is still reassuring to see something is  being done.

 Hopefully, the case will be solved and people will get  on with their lives normally.

 A distraught yesterday's arrest was  made on this road, a 32-year-old man remains in question -- custody  being questioned on suspicion of the murder of Jo Yeates.

  It was on the weekend before Christmas that Jo Yeates was last  seen returning to her Clifton flat after an evening out with work  colleagues.

 She was strangled and her body dumped here on Longwood  Lane near Ashton Court.

 As the investigation intensifies, police  are saying very little except the response from the public over the  past few week has been overwhelming.

 A fire engine driver who admitted  causing the death of an elderly farmer who was trampled by his own  Qatar has been given a suspended prison sentence.

 Julian Lawford was  answering an emergency call when he encountered a herd of cattle on a  country road in Somerset.

 When he turned on his siren, and the  animals stampeded trampling Harold Lee who died later from his  injuries.

 Today at Bristol Crown Court Julian  Lawford was given four month suspended prison sentence for  causing death by careless driving and banned for a year.

 The judge  told him his actions not only ignored the Highway Code, but also  common sense.

 Mr Lee's sons had this reaction.

  I am glad today is over.

 I am glad that they -- the driver admitted  his guilt.

 I hope he can learn from this.

  The fire service in general, they have learnt a lesson as well,  hopefully they can make things right.

  If this is thought to be the first prosecution of its kind.

 It -- its  progress and outcome have been watched carefully not just here in  the West, but in the country.

 Hour Somerset correspondent has covered  his story from the outset and tonight so -- assesses its  implications for the emergency services and for you and me.

  Tonight alarm bells of concern will be ringing in every emergency  service.

 Martin Snell is a retired police  chief inspector and head of traffic, he says the case will make many 999  drivers very nervous.

 That could well affect their response to  future emergencies.

 Fire and ambulance have a union  representation, they will advise them members as to what to do, but  the bottom line is the word service in all the services.

 Joe Public  expect a good service and sometimes this will hinder a fast response.

  When Glastonbury fireman Julian Lawford pleaded guilty to causing  death by careless driving, he admitted his actions on this  country road in August 2009 caused the death of a farmer Harold Lee.

  When the fire engine came face to face with this herd of cattle and  Mr Lawford turned on his sirens to clear them, they stampeded.

 75-  year-old Harold Lee was trampled.

 He died from his injuries days  later.

 So 600 kilos of cows are running  towards you, you have no chance of getting out of the way.

 And on a  narrow road like that, it must have been terrifying.

 It could so easily  have been prevented.

 Today the National Farmers' Union  defended the writer farmers to walk cattle along the public highway.

  They try to avoided where possible in today's is the conditions, but  they have to direct.

 Long may they go on doing so.

 If we stop people  moving animals on the road over short distances we have huge  problems.

 The question is, where does this  case leave you and me? Suppose I'd Blair my horn, as a result of that  a horse rider falls off and get badly injured.

 Might I be  prosecuted? It depends on the circumstances in  which you use your horn.

 If you use it appropriately, I hope you will  not be in any trouble, but if you use it a week -- in appropriately,  you may be in trouble.

 Julian Lawford is suspended or  while Devon Fire and Rescue decide what action to take.

 They say  driver training will look to redress the balance of getting to  emergency -- emergencies safety with public safety.

  It is the start of another busy weekend.

 You are watching Points  West.

 Stay with us, there is a still more  to come.

 Including, in crisis, study centres at sports venue --  venues across the region say they are under threat after cuts in  funding.

 With high pressure dominating the  weather, you were expected to be straightforward, but we have had  patches of freezing fog, temperatures of -6 degrees, what is  in prospect for the weekend? How long will be settled weather  continue? I will have all the answers later.

  First, a strike by ambulance workers moved another step closer  today after talks between the union and Great Western Ambulance Service  broke down.

 From next Thursday a sum crews will begin industrial  action in a dispute over shift patterns.

 Trust bosses moved to  reassure the public they will continue to provide a safe 999  service.

 James Hassam has more.

 Chris Hewett has been a paramedic  for 10 years.

 He loves his job.

 When his union took a vote on  industrial action, he was among the 97% who voted Yes.

 What ambulance  staff will want to do is deliver good quality care to patients.

 If I  am exhausted because of my shift pattern, my shift duration or by  the fact I have not had a meal break, I am worried I will make a  wrong decision.

 The union that represents workers  like Chris says it has given the Great Western Ambulance Service  lots of chances to avert this industrial action.

 The changes that  have made workers so unhappy were brought in late last year, they  included a move to a single unpaid break on a 12 hour shift, as well  as changes to shift patterns.

 The trust's performance has reduced.

  Shift over runs have increased.

 Staff are more four -- fatigued.

  Enough is enough.

 Unison represents 800 members  working for Great Western ambulance service.

  The action falls short of a strike, at this stage they have voted to  work to rule.

 If that does not bring changes, a strike could  follow.

 We could see more images like these from the winter of  discontent in 1978.

 The ambulance service says it will continue to  maintain patient care if industrial action goes ahead.

 Unless something  changes in the next six days, but is a promise which could be put to  the test.

 -- that is a promise.

  I am joined from Chippenham ambulance station by Paul Birkett-  Wendes of the Great Western Trust.

 What impact will this work to rule  have on the service you will be able to provide?  Firstly, we are disappointed Unison have taken this action.

 We do not  think it is for the benefit of patients.

 You are best off talking  to Unison, they have not given us clarity over what industrial action  will look like.

 We are clear the changes we are implementing of for  the benefit of our patients.

 We need to give them excellent care no  matter when they call -- call.

 They are talking about a work to  rule, you are using the word damaging industrial action, what  impact will that have on services? Can you guarantee 999 services will  be secure? I would like to reassure the public  we are working through contingency plans as we did through the poor  weather we had recently to ensure we have an effective emergency  ambulance service.

 These work to rule issues will be damaging, but  we will make sure we overcome them and we will have good measures in  place.

 Why have you not resolved this dispute before?  We have been planning these changes for some time.

 We have been in  negotiations for over six months, consulting with a star on an  individual level.

 This has been a long time coming.

 It is all about  improving the service we can give to the public.

 We are public  servants and we must make sure we can provide the public with  excellent and immense care.

 We hope it can be resolved before  next Friday.

 A gang of cowboy builders from  Gloucestershire have been jailed for 21 years after conning  customers out of almost a million pounds.

 Nick Harris, Mark Dixon and  Matthew Higgins took huge amounts of money up front before  disappearing without finishing the job.

 They now face a confiscation  hearing to strip them of their assets.

  The funeral has taken place of a Bristol hot air balloon pilot who  died in a crash over Somerset on New Year's Day.

 42-year-old Lee  Pibworth was killed along with his friend Allan Burnett when their  balloon came down in Midsomer Norton.

  Private patients with chronic heart disease are being given a new lease  of life through wearing a pair of electronic trousers.

 The idea is  being piloted for the first time in a West hospital.

  But it could go on offer to NHS patients.

 Our health correspondent  has been to meet one of the first people to benefit.

  Jeremy Evans is now able to enjoy the Gloucestershire countryside,  but before his treatment he suffered so badly from severe heart  pain, he was unable to walk his dog.

 The effect was incredible.

 I now  seldom suffer from angina.

 Mr Evans' therapy known as enhanced  pulsations involves using inflating trousers which were pioneered by  fighter pilots to prevent blood rushing to their legs from G-force.

  Through wearing Desert angina and trousers for 36 or one hour  sessions, Mr Evans is now living a more normal life.

 The air is pumped  through the trousers which is synchronised with the patient's  heartbeat.

 This pushes blood back to the heart while it is resting  and increases blood through -- blood flow through the coronary  The jet of blood going back to the heart improves the function in the  lining of the arteries.

 This allows the release of chemicals, which can  then allow the heart to grow its own blood vessel.

 This is doing a  sort of DIY bypass operation.

 the moment, no Primary Care Trust  in the West is prepared to pay for the treatment although it is being  funded elsewhere in the country.

 A leading heart specialist is warning  that it should only be used where conventional treatment has failed.

  It should be offered by consultant cardiologist with the special  interest in these pages.

 These patients should be in a registered  or scientific study so that we can see whether it helps or not.

 It is  estimated that around 600 patients in Bristol alone could benefit from  these trousers.

 There are now talks between the health service and this  It looks like something that Wallace and Gromit would be proud  On to sport, a government cuts are threatening a valued education  schemes at sports venues across the West.

  And on the pitch, Rovers and Swindon renew their rivalry.

 Here  is David Passmore.

 Thank you.

 Bristol Rovers and  Swindon Town are meet tomorrow in a game which could prove crucial for  both sides as they scrap it out at the bottom of League One.

 Rovers  are in the relegation zone, Swindon on 19th in the table and only four  points better off.

 The talk this week has been about whether  Swindon's leading scorer, Charlie Austin, is on the move.

 As of now,  no news, but his manager is Rovers has a great atmosphere.

 It  is very inspirational.

 There is nothing to match the venue.

 From  the way that both teams are at this stage, it will give us a bit of  extra spice.

 Do you get extra pelters of the Rovers fans? I get  them all the time.

 It is all in good humour.

 This game is huge for  both clubs, there is any four points separating them.

 Despite  Swindon's lowly position, there is a degree of optimism.

 They still  think that we have a chance.

 have the squad.

 We need to stay  positive and keep our aims inside the net.

 We should pick up good  performances.

 Rovers have not won in 12 league outings.

 They are  hoping that 13 will be unlucky for some.

 We need to win and get that  feeling back.

 The last time that we won was in October.

 That is a long  time.

 They have a sharpshooter in Charlie Austin.

 You think it will  be a personal duel? Our defence will deal with him.

 My question is  whether their defence can deal with me.

 I will be playing up front on  Saturday.

 I hope to add a few more to my tally.

 I wish you well.

  you.

 You only have to look at the league table to see how big the  game is for both clubs.

 Derby days of fantastic for players.

 It is all  about commitment and getting stuck in.

 But my best piece of advice is  to make sure that your head rules your heart.

  Wise advice.

 Elsewhere, a full programme of fixtures which should  be on your screen now.

 And importing gave a Bristol City as  they try to recover their form after a 4-0 demolition by a lowly  Middlesbrough.

 And a 3-0 Cup defeat.

 First-choice defenders Liam  Fontaine and Louis Carey are back.

 In rugby, a Bath player and England  captain Lewis Moody has been speaking of his frustration of  being injured shortly before the start of the Six Nations tournament.

  He was at the publicity for it issued yesterday.

 He is the one of  the white shirt and the leg brace.

 It is the result of ligament damage  that he picked up last week.

 But he is determined to be fit in time for  the England game against France in five weeks' time.

 I will be a very  bad watcher in that first game against Wales.

 I am not looking  forward to it.

 I am looking forward to getting out on the pitch and  figure out what went wrong.

 It is very annoying.

 I need to just get  back fit and stop playing.

 Hopefully the French game is the  target.

 Bath can still qualify for the  European Cup quarter-finals, but Gloucester he are are out of the  Amlin Challenge Cup despite a 16 points to seven when it -- over  Agen last night.

 Other results did not go their way and their hopes of  European success are over for another season.

  Education programmes adds -- at professional sports venues across  the region say they are under threat after government funding was  cut.

 The playing for Success scheme has helped many thousands of  youngsters with literacy and numeracy.

 Now they are tried to  find alternative ways of financing what they say is vital work.

  The key is teaching children without them really realising.

 This  scheme at Bristol City is typical.

 Reading and spelling are based on  player positions, maths on-pitch size, and counting seat numbers.

  is about building confidence and helping in maths and English.

  like it because you can see some of the players.

 They use different  methods than at school.

 3000 children go through the centre  every year.

 For more than a decade central government provided funding  for each.

 The central government funding has now gone and each they  do is try to work out a way to keep going.

 What we're now doing is  working with Brittle's -- Bristol City Council and with our  supporters and local businesses to try and come up with a different  way of making this work.

 It is not just football clubs, they have run  a highly successful scheme at Cheltenham racecourse, but no  longer.

 They are trying to team up with Gloucester rugby club to see  if something can be salvaged after 10 years of helping those on the  age of education.

 Be learned about the horse and a bath had to look  after it.

 Without knowing it to they are actually engaging with the  same technique as in the classroom but it is more subliminal.

 They  feel better about learning because they are doing in a way that they  do not recognise it as being at school.

 In Taunton, cricket  provides the base but the principle is just the same.

 There is a real  sense of excitement when children first walk into the centre.

 They  see it as a special place.

 It is an ideal place to have an after-school  club.

 So while playing for success is considered by all of those  involved are to have been a success, new sources of funding will have to  be found if its work is to continue.

 There is a lot of work going on to  try and raise the money needed.

 That is all of the sport.

  Hundreds of years ago, bartering was the only form of currency  available to us.

 Now we have pounds and euros and locally there is the  Stroud pound and so the Southville quid.

 Now there is a new one of for  the list, the "Oliver".

 It will be used in Bath and as an alternative  type of money.

 But it had absolutely nothing to do with  crackers.

 It is hard work making money when  there is a credit crunch on, easier to make an "Oliver", though.

 They  are the brainchild of Jay Risbridger who runs the Green  Stationery Company.

 He has decided to take his ideas are one step  further.

 With the virtual collapse of our banking system in the recent  years we thought it was time that we allowed the exchange system to  get out into the wider public.

 The way to do that is to print a  currency and get people to use it as normal money.

 At the moment  there is about 200 people using the local "Oliver".

 We hope to expand  to 500 or maybe 1000 people.

 In years to come, it might be an  important part of the local economy.

 The so, how does it all work? It is  more of a system of old fashioned a bartering.

 Small, independent shops  and stalls and coffee shops like this one can all become involved.

  You could swap printer cartridges for a cup of coffee.

 You could swap  dream analysis for Indian head massage.

 You name it, it is  possible to exchange and swap and the "Oliver" is the currency that  you used to do that.

 For the next few weeks, volunteers will try and  encourage businesses to get involved.

 I'm very committed to  local small independent companies and the business that I run.

 This  is an extension of that.

 We will just see how it goes and hopefully  we will muddle on and make it work.

 It is important to get involved  with more local businesses and possibly businesses you have never  been in contact with before.

 It brings them closer to you and it is  keeping the business local.

 There are individuals as well, the public  will come in and get different things from you.

 It is a simple  idea and support here has already I am not sure what I would offer to  barter with! Let's hurriedly turned to the  It has been a decent day in some parts of the region, but we have  also had persistent cloud and mist.

 For this weekend, I do not think we  will see too much sunshine it looks as if it will be a cloudy weekend  and a pretty cold as well.

 That same area of high pressure is still  there going absolutely nowhere at the moment.

 That front is showing  on the eastern side of the country, that will introduce more cloud  which will feed down across the region.

 So for this evening and  overnight, patchy cloud, probably not enough to save anywhere from  frost.

 It is sub-zero right across the West Country.

 I still think  there will be fog down across parts of Somerset.

 Certainly cold, foggy,  frosty.

 Temperatures as low as minus four.

 For tomorrow, fog in  places, that will tend to live into low cloud and then it will  brightened.

 If we do get sunshine it will be a bonus.

 For most of us  there will be a lot of cloud and as a result, we will struggle  temperature right -- temperature- wise.

 Winds will be light and the  high pressure is close to 1040 millibars.

 The cloud may well for  corrupt -- thicken up later on.

 An engine for the BBC on tour in  Stroud.

 -- and mention.

 They are taking a mobile exhibition into  Stroud.

 More information to be have on the website.

  On Sunday, a lot of cloud around

 To him last with any comments, at  Hello.

 Good afternoon.

 Pressure is mounting on Colonel Gadaffi today  as the US announced it is to impose sanctions against Libya.

 The United  Nations has also called on the Security Council to take decisive  action.

 The Foreign Office is urging the 50 Britons who remain in  the capital Tripoli to take the final Government-chartered flight  later today.

 This morning the rescue ship HMS Cumberland docked  safely in Malta.

 From there, Gavin Hewitt has just sent thus report.

  For HMS Cumberland, the crossing from Libya to Malta had taken 35  hours due to atrocious weather.

 The 68 British passengers were rearry,  but relieved to be safe.

 Many had frightening stories from their time  in Benghazi.

 He could do anything.

 He could just bomb the whole of  Libya and kill himself.

 He doesn't care.

 He's a mad guy - him and his  sons.

 It's ridiculous.

 Someone should stop him.

 He needs to be  stopped.

 I had friends who were standing around in the streets, and  mercenaries would come around with plateless cars, and I had a group  of friends - three of them - they got shot down.

 They got killed.

  the Libyan capital of Tripoli, residents reported another night of  gunfire.

 Although there is a concerted effort on behalf of the  Gadaffi regime to persuade the world there is normality there.

  Everything is calm, and Tripoli is safe.

 Today in the whole of Libya,  no casualties, no attacks.

 Everything is peaceful.

 But away  from Libya, here was the Libyan Ambassador to the UN and a  childhood friend of Gadaffi.

 Coming out against the Libyan leader, and  many of his staff were in tears.

 can't continue.

 You cannot be  leader or a King or a President while you are killing your people  just for saying we want to be free.

 Muammar Gadaffi has been shouting  defiance from a Tripoli rooftop, but his country is increasingly  Votes are being counted in the Republic of Ireland following  yesterday's general election and the exit polls suggest that the  ruling party, Phoenix Park -- Fianna Fail has suffered a defeat.

  Fianna Gael looks set to take over.

 Ireland is on the brink of a major  political upheaval.

 Change of Government is inevitable, with the  rulingfine that fail party expected to record their worst ever result.

  An exit poll suggests they only got 15% of the vote.

 They were in  charge when Ireland went from boom to bust, and it seems the  electorate decide to punish them.

 The political map of Ireland is  about the change.

 A record number of candidates ran in this election,  and it's clear the votes have been spread widely.

 It now seems highly  likely that Ireland will have another coalition Government.

 The  new Government is expected to be led by the opposition party, Fianna  Gael.

 With their leader, the next Irish Prime Minister.

 His party  will face the difficult task of restoring Ireland's economy, and  they realise it won't be easy.

 party, we tried not to give people  false hope for what's going to happen in the future.

 We tried to  be honest with them to tell them this is what's going to happen to  get to the other side of this economic crisis.

 The people now are  giving us the opportunity to get Ireland back to prosperity again.

  Their coalition partners are likely to be the Labour Party, but the  final shape of the next Irish Parliament will not be known until  all the votes are counted, and that may take another 36 hours.

  Mark joins us now from Dublin.

 Looking like a heavy defeat from  the ruling party, but heading towards a coalition perhaps? Yes,  and it's looking like a Fine Gael Labour coalition, but as we found  out recently in the UK, sometimes those coalition negotiations can  take some time.

 The one thing we do know today is there is a seismic  shift in party politics going on here in Dublin as we speak.

 The  main party of Government here in Ireland for the past 14 - in fact,  80 years, is facing electoral humiliation, down to around 15% of  the poll.

 Why? It's basically the revenge of the Irish people.

 The  Government that was in charge when the country went bust is being  punished.

 As for the actual scale of the defeat - well, we're going  to have to wait until probably tomorrow night until we get the  final results.

 Mark, thank you.

 In New Zealand, engineers say  around a third of the buildings in the centre of Christchurch will  have to be demolished after Tuesday's earthquake.

 It is likely  to be several months before the city's business district can reopen.

  Rescue workers are still searching for more than 200 people listed as  missing.

 So far 145 are known to have died.

  The BBC has learned that more than £20 million has been paid out in  redundancies so far to employees of quangos which are being abolished  or merged by the Government to save money.

 29 quangos have begun the  winding-down process with almost a

 Hello and welcome.

 We have had a  lot of mentions about the term post PC era.

 If we abandon our massive  PCs and laptops with their massive hard drives, where are we supposed  to store all of those massive photos and videos? We have been  looking at where all of those In 30 years, hard drives have gone  from a massive five megabytes, to are currently very impressive three  terror by its.

 Hard drive surrogacy still very popular, either as  computer components or stand-alone accessories.

 Yet consumers are more  a more moving their content on to internet services.

 Storage is  portable, are universally accessible and affordable.

  prizes are getting cheaper and awareness is going up.

 The Cloud is  definitely placing a lot of external hard drives out there.

  are also seeing the Flash memory filled Tableau it.

 It has around 10  hours of battery life.

 Consumers are moving away from PCs and  laptops.

 The relatively low capacity of solid-state dryers in  hand-held gadget is seen as a opportunity.

 Consumers are being  encouraged to invest in a huge capacity hard drives as a central  collection point for their media, which can then be accessed by apse.

  With the proliferation of all of these mobile for, we have moved the  hard drive into the house or the office and you connect that while  asleep.

 -- while asleep.

 From storage companies have stopped  relying on hard wedgy generate cash.

 That is where software and services  come in.

 Kingston Technology, probably best known for its memory  cards, is now adding a application to its USP bungles which allows  consumers to purchase games and music.

 -- bungles.

 Later this year,  it will release the wireless, a Wi- Fi battery operated USTA.

 The  device can be placed in the back of a family car to keep everybody  entertained on a long trip.

 If I had a very interesting piece of  music or video or movie, they can share with you.

 You pull out your  device and we can both access the content at the same time.

  newest transfer technology is called a thunderbolt.

 It claims to  be 20 times quicker and twice the speed of the USP three.

 There are  those who are more realistic about the adoption of such technology.

  you're using your computer for basic purposes, something like  Thunderbolt is not be to come up very often.

 The industry likes to  promote any new thing as at the biggest and most importantly thing  ever.

 That is not always true.

 Meanwhile, as news stories concept  emerged, others are starting to show their age.

 The optical disc  once had great promise, but in the past couple of years consumers have  expressed more interest in downloading Movies.

  Next up, the very latest take news.

 Amazon's applications store has  gone online and America.

 It includes a try before you buy a  feature which simulates the application on a virtual phone on  the website.

 Apple is suing the retailer or over the name.

  Google is weighed up his options after an American court blocked its  plans to create the world's largest digital library.

 The Web giant  wants to make millions of books available online.

 A New York court  said its proposed settlement with the book publishers would give  Google an unfair competitive advantage over other content  providers.

 Korea and Sweden have fast new  services up and running, but the UK started playing catch-up this week.

  The additional spectrum will allow fatter mobile connections feeding  data hungry applications like video streaming.

 It is unlikely to hit  handsets before 2013.

 UK Internet service providers challenged  proposed new laws but they are ochee would make an unfairly  responsible for policing illegal Now, I am a new dad and I'm hoping  that one day I'll be able to share my computer with my boy once he  starts showing an interest.

 Apparently that can happen sooner  than you might think.

 In case it does, Kate Russell is on hand with  a stimulating selection of infant With bright flashing images and  intriguing sounds coming from that box on the desk, is it any wonder  at your top!! Love! A! A! A!! A!! Of a!!! Day in to want to know what  keeps mummy and daddy so captivated.

 Take Fungooms.

com, an interactive  website aimed at pre-school children.

 By interacting with the  toys and games on this site, your little ones will sooner master the  basics of mouse control in a fun and safe environment.

 Another nice  site for parent and child is the home of poi manufacturer Fisher-  Price.

 It is a good resource even if you do not want to buy a product.

  There is good educational content.

 And there are some cute, free  online games pitched just right for your baby's age.

 If you have ever  spent hours trying to stitch together a group of photographs you  have taken to make a Panorama, you might have thanked me for this free  application.

 Microsoft's -- Microsoft has made a clever  compilation editor.

 This software has -- works beautifully and it is  very easy to get started.

 The software does all have a hard work  for you.

 There is no limit to the size or number of pictures it will  work with.

 Automatic resizing and exposure blending will give you a  seamless finish.

 Once finished, save in your four of toys or you  can publish it to be Photosynth website.

 -- your format of choice.

  There you can build a three deceiving effect of many popular  landmarks.

 It is earth our this weekend.

 The  World Wildlife Fund has this annual event where they ask the planet to  It starts on 26th March there when we turn off highlights For her foul.

  Last year, a record 128 countries took part.

 This year, you can show  you support by turning off your lives at 8:30pm local time on  If you're watching this on Sunday, you have already missed it.

 The WWF  have released a social, location where iPhone application that  allows you to check in with what you're doing on the fight for  climate change.

 Finally, Julie monsters invade  Facebook thanks to a couple of teenagers.

 Mino Monsters has  already picked more than 1000 players.

 According to its 19 and 17  year old creators, the number is

 Good afternoon.

 The new Duke and  Duchess of Cambridge have left Buckingham Palace by helicopter to  begin their married life together.

 The couple have chosen not to go on  honeymoon immediately and are spending the weekend at an  undisclosed location before Prince William returns to work next week.

  A spokesman said they will have a honeymoon overseas in coming weeks.

  Nick Witchell has this report.

 After all the public clamour of the  wedding day and a private night of partying with friends at Buckingham  Palace, it was time to escape.

 William and Catherine emerged from  the Palace, not, though, to set off on honeymoon, but to spend a  private weekend somewhere in the UK, after which William will return to  his duties as an RAF search and rescue pilot.

 So their helicopter  departure from the Palace was not the start of a honeymoon, that,  according to St James's Palace, will take place at some point later  in the year.

 The official wedding photographs have been issued, one  of them shows just the bride and groom standing side by side in the  Palace Throne Room.

 In a second, they're with their respective  families and the bridesmaids and page boys.

 The Windsors are on the  left of the picture and the Middletons on the right.

 A third,  less formal picture, shows just the bride and groom with the four  bridesmaids and two page boys.

 The man who took the pictures, says he  hopes they convey the mood inside the Palace immediately after the  couple had returned from the Abbey.

 It was a family wedding, from where  I was and from their point of view, it was two families coming together  and that was the feeling, that sense of family and love going  between everyone.

 The wedding celebrations at the Palace had  continued well into the early hours of the morning.

 The Queen and the  Duke of Edinburgh had left much earlier.

 Neither the disco, nor  perhaps Prince Harry's best man speech were for them.

 By the early  hours, small groups of Palace party goers could be seen leaving on foot,  but with little to say.

 REPORTER: Due have a good time?  Marvellous thanks.

 REPORTER: What was the first dance?  So for two families a day to remember.

 Thank you everyone.

 We've  had a lovely time.

 Thank you.

 Middletons left their hotel this  afternoon to return to their lives in Berkshire.

 For them, there's the  undoubted joy of seeing their elder daughter happily married, but  perhaps also, a little concern about the life that lies ahead of  her, a life that, officially at least, began at the altar of  Westminster Abbey when she made the transition from being simply  Catherine Middleton and became Her Royal Highness, the Duchess of  Cambridge.

 Already she's fulfiled her first royal tradition.

 Within  Westminster Abbey her wedding buekai now rests of the Grave of  the Unknown Warrior.

 Let's go to Nick now, outside  Buckingham Palace.

 What do you read in the decision to delay going on  honeymoon? I would have thought from their point of view, it's a  shrewd decision.

 It underlines William's commitment to his role as  an RAF search and rescue pilot.

 He'll return to that next week.

 And  of course, more importantly, perhaps, from their point of view,  it allows all the wedding frenzy to die down.

 It's not as if we're  talking about a couple who haven't already had some pretty  extraordinary holidays and who can't, as it were, have the holiday  of a lifetime, pretty much any time they choose.

 I imagine they are  utterly content to wait, to let the frenzy die down and then, as they  would hope, to slip away to, for a honeymoon without the wider world  knowing anything about it.

 Nick, thanks very much.

  Other news now.

 The Syrian Army is reported to be continuing a clamp  down on dissent in Deraa, which has been occupied by troops and tanks  since Monday.

 Human rights campaigners say more than 60  protesters were killed in yesterday's demonstrations across  the country.

 The Foreign Secretary, William Hague, has said he's very  concerned by the ongoing violence.

 NATO has rejected a call for a  ceasefire by the Libyan leader, Colonel Gaddafi, saying his forces  need to stop their attacks on civilians first.

 Colonel Gaddafi  made the ceasefire call in an hour- long TV address from his base in  Tripoli.

 Rupert Wingfield-Hayes reports now from Benghazi.

  It's the first time for days that Colonel Gaddafi has appeared on TV  screens.

 For some reason, he chose the middle of the night to address  the world.

 Looking tired and rambling for more than an hour, he  offered his enemies a ceasefire.

 TRANSLATION: We are the first  people who welcomes a ceasefire and we are the first one who accepted  the ceasefire, we the Libyan.

 But have they stopped? The air attack,  the crusader, NATO, they never stop.

 Who can stop them? But as he spoke,  NATO's answer seemed to come from the sky.

 Explosions tore through  government buildings just a few hundred metres from where Colonel  Gaddafi was speaking.

 The Libyan government immediately claimed it  was another NATO attempt to assassinate the Libyan leader.

 The  Libyan rebels have also been quick to reject Colonel Gaddafi's  ceasefire.

 The time for compromise has long past.

 Too many victims  have fell.

 There's no solution that includes him or his family.

 This  has been made very clear.

 Gaddafi's peace offer has done nothing to  slow the carnage in the besieged city of Misrata.

 Shelling of the  city by government troops has continued.

 The dead and injured  clog the city's already overwhelmed hospitals.

 The government in  Tripoli has given rebels here three days to lay down their weapons or  face a renewed, full-scale onslaught.

 On Friday pro-Gaddafi  forces succeeded into seeking into Misrata's port and laying mines.

  Right now, nothing is leaving the port here in Benghazi to travel to  Misrata.

 The mine that's were found inside the port there yesterday  mean operations are still completely suspended.

 Colonel  Gaddafi's forces are trying to find every way they can to cut this  vital link from Misrata to the outside world.

 At the moment, they  appear to be succeeding.

 Here, two people have been killed  in a crash between a coach and a lorry on the M11.

 The collision  happened in the small hours of the

 Welcome to Wales Today.

 I'm Lucy  Owen.

 Tonight's headlines: They took their protest over changes to  their sixth form to the Senedd.

 Now Brynmawr school takes the fight to  the courts.

 The be called to vote no in the  referendum Unemployment here goes up again - 123,000 people are now  out of work, but there's more good news for staff at the Airbus  factory.

 This giant solar park is in Spain -  a similar scheme in Pembrokeshire gets the go-ahead with two more in  the pipeline.

 And, centuries ago the grounds of  Pembrokeshire's Stackpole Estate were maintained with precision.

 Now,  overgrown land will be transformed Good evening.

 A court has heard  that a dispute between a school in Blaenau Gwent and government  ministers of the removal -- over the removal of the school's 6th  form is of high constitutional importance.

 The school is  contesting the decision to close the 6th form.

 He resign education  correspondent.

 Brynmawr Foundation School took the  battle to save its sixth-form to the Senedd in October.

 They oppose  the council decision to move all 6th form in the area to a site in  Ebbw Vale.

 They have taken their fight all the way to court and a  judge will decide whether the council's decision to close the 6th  form was legal.

 Each child is different.

 Some children might  settle well into a college environment but some do not.

 Choice  should be available.

 I'm not eight against a college campus at Ebbw  Vale but I feel it should be made available to all children.

  hinges on this call's status as it is one of 12 schools in Wales which  are largely independent of local authority control.

 It means that  Blaenau Gwent council does not have the power to close its 6th form.

  The power rests with Assembly government ministers.

 The court  heard that as the council could not shut down the Cam -- 6 form itself,  it apply to Assembly government ministers and the application was  granted.

 The disagreement is over whether Assembly government  ministers are within their rights to hand over to the council the  right to close the 6th form at the school.

 School is deeply concerned.

  This case is about whether the local authority has the power to  undertake a process like that and to issue a consultation that we say  should be conducted only by the Welsh ministers.

 The case has  implications for face schools which has some independence from council  control.

 If Brynmawr wins, other schools will be thrown a lifeline  but defeat means further protests are likely to be futile.

  How significant is this case? By the Assembly government  ministers legal team and by their own admission, it is of high  constitutional importance because Brynmawr Foundation School is a  foundation school and we know there is a piece of UK Westminster  legislation that protects foundation schools from  interference by a local council.

 But the Assembly government and its  ministers have the power to close a 6th form in a foundation school and  they can delegate powers they see fit to another public body and  these two pieces of legislation are conflicting somewhat.

 What the  judge must decide is whether the UK legislation is more important than  the piece of all that says -- law that says the Assembly government  has the powers.

 How will this unfold? It may yet be decided on a  more local issue.

 The QC for the school argues that there is a -- an  element of bias in their decision because the leader of the council  has a grandson in the school.

 In a disciplinary procedure involving  the grandson, the council leader became involved.

 Some may wonder  why it came to court at all.

 There were four QCs within the court to  today and it will cost a lot of money.

 It could be in excess of  £100,000 in legal costs for whoever loses the case.

 It is all going to  come from the public purse.

 Thank you very much.

  The referendum on whether the Assembly should have increased law-  making powers is six weeks away.

 Earlier this month, supporters of a  yes vote launched their campaign and tonight it is the turn of the  No camp.

 We are at the launch in Newbury - back Newbridge.

  A call to vote no from the campaign tonight at.

 There was another  announcement about another "no" with a bit to the Electoral  Commission to become the official "no" campaign.

 It would trigger  public money but they have decided not to do it and and make it  official.

 That means they cannot be an official "yes" campaign either.

  The yes campaign has said they will speak to the Electoral Commission  but the most important thing is to get the message across, they say.

  They will continue to do that by going out on the street as the yes  campaign have already been doing.

 They took with them our political  correspondent, Mark Hannaby.

 Vote no to keep a check aren't --  on our Assembly message is -- members is the message being taken  forward.

 The Assembly can currently make laws been devolved areas like  health, transport and education but it needs the consent of the UK  Parliament to do so.

 The UK -- the no campaign say that scrutiny is  vital.

 MPs in Westminster are scrutinising the process of law  making in Wales and without that, if far MPs are taken out of the  equation, who will fill that gap? It means we will have hasty  legislation, Paul laws and it will lead to bad government.

 Builder and  no campaigner, Paul Matthews, argues a Yes vote would be a  slippery slope to independence for Wales or separation from the UK.

  report is looking into taxation for Wales and if we get a yes vote,  they will look for tax-raising powers.

 That is this next step  towards separation.

 The no campaign for further powers is rooted in  dissatisfaction with what the Assembly has achieved claiming  promises were broken as to the cost of devolution and the pledge for an  economic dividend for Wales never materialised.

 They have not  demonstrated the capability of handling the power they have so  they don't deserve the opportunity to be at rewarded for not achieving  their goals.

 The no campaign has until March 3rd to persuade them  Welsh public its arguments are sound.

  Joining me is that True Wales spokeswoman.

 I is it to save public  money or are you running scared? started as a grassroots campaign  and we will continue through this.

 We feel the decent thing to do is  not to accept public money.

 We will get our message across as we have  been doing, delivering leaflets, going to towns and city centres and  we will writing articles and letters to newspapers and people  run a grassroots campaign as we have done so far and save the  taxpayer thousands of pounds.

 lion's share of what we heard  tonight was about the Assembly's government.

 The yes campaign would  say it is off topic and irresponsible.

 I am sure they would  but in 2006, the government of Wales Act was introduced and no one  told us that would happen and we did not have the referendum we were  promised.

 Politicians are already discussing tax raising powers and  devolution of broadcasting, separate legal jurisdiction, and we  want those debates brought into the open because people have a right to  know where devolution is going.

 people are here this evening and  used to doubt because you are considerably younger than most of  them.

 Does that bother you? We have a lot of young members across Wales  and to suggest that people of a certain age do not have a bright.

.

.

  I you need to get to people of all ages, don't you? We do.

 Unless  people have a certain self-interest, often financial, they are more  likely to come to an event if they strongly believe and they are  slightly older but there are a lot of younger people out there who  feel strongly.

 Are you going to win? I don't know.

 We will fight  the campaign hard.

 We find it difficult to believe the opinion  polls because the reception on the streets is not what the polls  suggest.

 We want people to go out and vote and express their views  otherwise who knows where it this process is going.

 Rachel, thank you  very much.

 Lucy.

 Thank you.

  A grandmother has been released from hospital after a crash on the  M4 which killed three members of her family.

 Six-month-old Logan  Padden also survived the crash which killed his parents, Louise  Evans and her partner, Tom Padden, and Tom's father, Steve.

 The family  had been returning home to Porthcawl from a surfing holiday in  Morocco.

 The decision has been made in the  High Court as to who can be made - might set up its business at  Swansea docks.

 Harris Pye Group says it was extremely disappointed  to have lost the case and is pulling out of the City completely.

  There has been a significant fall in the number of flu cases reported  in Wales.

 Using the number of consultations with GPs, the rate  dropped to 51.

5 cases per 100,000 people in Wales, half the rate of  the previous week.

 The number of people out of work in  Wales has risen.

 Unemployment went up by 4000 over the quarter with  the number of people out of work for the three months leading up to  November was 123,000.

 But Airbus says it is putting elite 800 agency  workers on staff -- need the 800 agency workers on staff contracts.

  One company go into -- going into administration is a reminder of how  fragile the recovery is.

 It is the recovery here running out of steam  with these employment figures today? This recruitment agency does  not think so but things growth in the private sector is still there.

  Government cutbacks are beginning to be felt, however.

 We are seeing  an increase in the private sector of about 30 per cent with positions  coming in.

 So there are two things going on.

 Public sector fall-off in  the number of jobs, it is about equal to the increase in private  sector jobs.

 As capital spending projects are reduced, the impact is  felt in construction.

 With more job losses at the Passport Office in  Newport to kicking, the concern is that the jobless figures could go  higher.

 But there is job creation and at the moment it is coming from  manufacturing.

 Airbus announced that production was being ramped up  and the Braunton plant is taking on 150 temporary staff.

 Also it is  making nearly 800 agency workers permanent.

 It helps for them on  things like moored to -- mortgage applications.

 I guess they field a  bit more part of the wider Airbus family.

 Security is a main factor.

  Elsewhere, some manufacturers are it -- reporting strong export sales.

  This company makes false for industry and is in the process of  One of the big themes in the jobs market in 2011 will be whether the  growth in the private sector can cancel out the losses in the public  sector.

 Much of that depends on how successful companies like this are  in selling their goods all over the world.

  The Prime Minister has been challenged over job cuts in Welsh  police forces.

 The Labour MP for Rhondda, Chris Bryant, told David  Cameron that figures from Welsh police authorities suggest 1,600  jobs will go during the next four years.

 But Mr Cameron said budget  cuts should not mean fewer officers on the frontline.

 Our parliamentary  correspondent, David Cornock, is in Westminster for us.

 David, where  have these figures come from? Bryant used his question to the  Prime Minister to share with David Cameron and the rest of us the  contents of a document prepared by the chief financial officer of the  police authorities in Wales.

 That document talks of a dire funding  situation and says that because of spending cuts, it's inevitable that  front line do -- delivery of the police services will be affected.

  Chris Bryant says that when you add all the spending cuts up, it leads  to over the next four years, a loss of 1,600 officers and staff.

  South Wales Police force told in this morning that it just in that  one force, 688 officers are going to have to disappear.

 The Prime  Minister said on May 2nd last year that any frontline cuts, he would  outlaw.

 Why is the backing down on his promise? The Chief Constable of  South Wales Police has backed that figure of 688 although they are  officers and staff.

 He has also talked about the need to make more  than £47 million of efficiency savings to played the funding gap  over the next four years and that will be done by early retirement  and in some cases, police officers were done the 30 years service will  be asked to retire.

 How did the Prime Minister respond? David  Cameron accepts that spending is tight and that the budget for the  police is being cut but he does not accept it will mean cuts in the  numbers of bodies on the beat.

 He says you have to look at this in  the whole economic context.

 He said the economic mess is because of  what Labour left behind.

 Next year, south of police have to find a 5%  cut and that will take them back to the spending they had in 2007 and  2008.

 Her Majesty's Inspectorate have said is is quite possible to  make those sorts of reductions.

 David Cameron says it should not  lead to a cut in the numbers of front line police officers because  there will be efficiency savings behind the scenes.

 But that  argument was not accepted by police forces in Wales tonight.

  Still to come in the programme: These disabled children are  certainly having fun, but claims others across the country are  missing out through a lack of facilities.

  Tens of thousands of solar panels are planned at three separate sites  across west Wales.

 A so-called solar park has been granted  planning approval near Rhos-Y- Gilwen Mansion in north  Pembrokshire.

 Similar schemes are planned at two sites in  Carmarthenshire.

 One at Ffos Las horse racing course and another at  the former Cynheidre Colliery near Five Roads.

 Here's Matt Murray.

  Closer going man should in temperature, a place better known  for its past.

 It will be home to one of the first solar part in the  UK and will look more like this.

 Row upon row of ultra-sensitive  panels attracting Light from the centre generate Ehlich city.

 This  is one of many solar part in Spain where they have more hours of  sunshine than most.

 But this is premature.

 It's estimated that  enough power can be created for hundreds of homes.

 The aim is to  set up our own solar Park.

 It will stretch further down to the field  below.

 We are looking at producing something in the region of two  megawatt electricity per year.

 That is twice the amount required for  the local village.

 Ffos Las racecourse in Trimsaran is also  turning to renewable energy.

 Tens of thousands of panels will be  built on surrounding land here.

 These two solar parts are still  awaiting planning but today, the news was welcomed that the first  one would go ahead in Pembrokeshire.

 It's not often week have this kind  of investment in Wales.

 To have it in the rural part of what  temperature must be good news economically.

 At the same time, it  will allow us to protect the environment.

 £5 million will be  spent on the Ross ago when site.

 Work is due to start in the next  few months.

 Too many disabled youngsters have  no social life because they have no access to play and leisure  activities in Wales.

 A report by the Bevan Foundation, a research  centre which promotes social justice, asked 80 disabled children  to tell them how they spend their free time.

 They were told the  youngsters feel there is "Nothing for them".

 Now the authors are  calling for urgent changes to be put into action.

  A fun for everyone is the idea behind the high jinks Theatre  Company.

 Since 1981, they have been bringing actors together to  entertain actors.

 -- entertain people.

 It is not just the adults  with learning disabilities who get the benefits.

 But such  opportunities to be involved like this are few and far between.

 For  most disabled youngsters, life is considerably more dull.

 Having a  social life can seem almost impossible.

 When they come with my  friends and they go to the cinema, I am asking for tickets and I asked  the subtitles.

 I have to ask my friends sometimes what the staff  say.

 It can be quite frustrating because it's difficult to  understand what they're saying.

 Bevan Foundation conducted  interviews with 80 youngsters and 25 organisations.

 Some of them did  nothing on a regular basis and about half of them did something  once or twice a week.

 We felt that was far short of what disabled  children have the right to expect given all the commitments they've  had from the Assembly Government and everybody else.

 In Wrexham,  there's a place they're doing it right.

 A lot of these children will  look after each other and help each other.

 It gives them an opportunity  to be needed or someone that can help.

 The authors of the fair-play  report say the challenge now is not only to create more opportunities  like this but to compare existing mainstream children's organisations  to be more accessible.

 They want better government monitoring to  ensure that happens and they plan to revisit the issue in 12 months'  time to measure what's been achieved.

  For decades, visitors to the historic Stackpole estate in  Pembrokeshire have seen a landscape far removed from its original  design.

 Since the estate, once owned by the Earls of Cawdor, was  given to the National Trust in 1976, it's become increasingly overgrown,  with many of the original views being swallowed up by the forest.

  But funding has now been secured for a five year restoration project  which will see it transformed, as Ross Harries has been finding out.

  These plans are being turned into woodchip.

 It's part of a project  that will see the landscape transformed.

 Three months ago, you  could not have seen more than two or three metres in that direction.

  Now we can see down to the marsh at the bottom.

 The lakes were part of  the estate that centred on her impressive baronial mansion.

 It was  landscape to contain extensive gardens, green houses and  collections of plants.

 But the Campbell's left in the 1940s and  crippling taxes led to the mansions demolition in 1963.

 When it was  built under 1700s, this terrace offers a sweeping view across the  lake.

 From up -- for a long time now, it has been obscured.

 Clearing  work has begun and it means for the first time in decades, the view has  been opened up once again.

 Despite the encroaching wilderness, the  estate remained popular with walkers.

 It is excellent news.

  Especially for people who were walk around these parts has regularly.

  The views will be a lot better now.

 I was a bit sceptical about it but  it has opened up the views.

 It does give people a nice idea of what it  used to be like.

 £3 million has been given to the project from a  number of sources, including the Assembly Government.

 Work can begin  on the more creative phrase -- phase wants the plants appeared.

  Time for the weather now.

 Here's The sunshine is a bonus at this  time of the year.

 Peter Morgan sent in this photo from North Dock in  Llanelli.

 Clear, blue skies with temperatures rising to 8C.

 Mind you,  it hasn't been sunny everywhere.

 John Steele from Criccieth rang in  earlier and said one half of his garden was covered in fog.

 We can  see that fog on the satellite picture.

 A grey blob on the  southern side of the Lleyn Peninsula.

 A few fog patches too in  the Teifi Valley and the Vale of Clwyd.

 Tonight, with clear skies  and light winds, a few more mist and freezing fog patches will form.

  Another cold night too with a full moon.

 Lowest temperatures around  minus 2C to minus 5C with a widespread frost.

 The reason for  the dry and settled weather is high pressure sat on top of Britain  tomorrow.

 It's going to dominate our weather over the weekend and  next week as well.

 So there's no sign of any rain or snow on the  horizon.

 But it will be another cold start tomorrow morning.

 Frost  on the ground and on the car.

 A few slippery roads as well.

 Watch out  for fog patches in the south and east.

 The Seven Valley, parts of  Powys and the north.

 The fog could be dense and freezing in places.

  But away from the fog, clear skies.

 So another dry day tomorrow.

 Lots  more sunshine but a few places will stay grey with fog slow to lift,  especially in the Marches.

 Top temperatures around 7C with light  and variable winds.

 Colder where any fog lingers.

 In Ceredigion  tomorrow, a nice day.

 Sunshine after a frosty start.

 Temperatures  in Aberystwyth around 7C.

 Tomorrow night, we're in for another  widespread frost.

 Some low cloud, mist and fog patches.

 Friday will  be dry again.

 Fog will slowly lift.

 Some sunshine but not everywhere.

  As for the weekend, more in the way

 Good afternoon.

  Gaddafi go's forces have been accused of using cluster bombs,  which are banned by more than 100 countries.

 The campaign group,  Human Rights Watch says one of its photographers saw the bombs explode  over the western stiff Misurata, which is partly-held by rebels.

 A  Libyan Government spokesman has denied the allegation.

  The sea-lift to and from Misurata is getting better organised.

 More  than 1,000 evacuees were on board this ship arriving in.

 Some very  badly hurt.

 What is happening there is adding  more urgency to the Western response to the crisis.

 While  people in Misurata suffer, it's clear that the mission, led by NATO,  to protect civilians in Libya, is not succeeding.

 It's not just bombs  and bullets that are endangering life in misrattia.

 Time is running  out for a significant proportion of them.

 There are definitely signs of  malnutrition, dehydration and without access to clean water, food,  nutrition and shelter, health care, some of them will perish.

 But the  pressing danger is war.

 The Libyan Government denies allegations from  Human Rights Watch that its men have used cluster bombs in  misrattia.

 We challenge them to prove it.

 To use these bombs, the  evidence will remain for days and weeks.

 And we know the  international community is coming, en masse, on our country, soon, so  we can't do this, we can't do that would incriminate us, even if we  were criminals.

 Cluster bombs are smallletal bomblets.

 Often some  don't explode until they are picked up and disturbed.

 Many countries  like Britain and France, although  not Libya or the United States have  signed a petition banning them.

 The allies now have to decide what  they want to do and the risks political and military that they  are prepared to take.

 The Liberal Democrat leader, Nick  Clegg, has urged his supporters to take the fight to their coalition  partners in the local elections.

 In a speech in Sheffield, ahead of the  local elections in England, the Deputy Prime Minister insists that  Liberal Democrat councils are doing a better job of protecting services  than those run by Labour or the Conservatives.

  Our political correspondent reports.

 This was was & speech aimed at  setting out the Liberal Democrat stall.

 May 59 will be the first  chance for voters to pass a verdict on the coalition government since  its inception.

 The Deputy Prime Minister talked about what he said  was Liberal Democrat success in places like Sheffield.

 Across the  country we can be proud that while we are investing in schools and  early years education, we can also say that unlike the other parties,  Liberal Democrats are not closing a single Sure Start children's centre.

  Then there was a fierce attack on Ed Miliband and the Labour Party.

  He labelled them, opportunists.

 When Labour politicians shriek from  the sidelines about cuts, remember their own plan, their own plan is  to cut ï¿½14 billion this year.

 For every ï¿½8 that this stkpwft cutting,  this year, they would cut ï¿½7.

 -- that this Government is suting.

  told campaigners they need to shout from the roof tops, which includes  taking the fights to the Tory apparently.

 But the reality is  midterm local elections almost always turn out bad for the  government of the day, and that's more likely this time round.

 As the  cuts begin to bite, many will be felt at the local level.

 Part of  the M1 is still closed after a fire at a scrap yard in north London  yesterday.

 Safety experts have been working throughout the night trying  to assess when the major route can re-open.

 It has caused chaos for  drivers.

 Helena Lee is at the M1 now.

 What is the latest? It is  already traffic building up where we are, junction 4 of the M1.

 It  still remains shut up to junction 1, follow a fire at a scrap yard.

 It  is going to cause chaos, really, for tens of thousands of people.

  This is one of the biggest weekends in the sportingical enbar.

 You have  two semi-finals at Wembley Stadium this weekend.

 -- in the sporting  calendarment And there is the London Marathon  tomorrow.

 Engineers are assessing the damage to a viaduct close to  the M1 motorway.

 It was badly damaged during the fire and they  need to make the motorway, the structure underneath safe, before  they can fully re-open it.

 When they will re-open it, well the  Highways Agency says it'll remain shut for several more hours today.

  They will hope to open part of the northbound section of the M1, one  lane only, by the time the match finishes tonight at Wembley Stadium.

  But in terms of the rest of the motorway, we have to wait and see.

  Thank you.

 The US Postal Service has been  forced to admit it made a big mistake with a new postage stamp of  one of mark's most iconic landmarks.

 The stamp was thought to show the  Statue of Liberty in New York but unfortunately it was an image of a  fibreglass and styrofoam replica in Las Vegas.

 3 billion copies have  been printed.

 Considering she's 125, she looks well on it.

 So much so  that the US Postal Service has printed 3 billion stamps with the  Statue of Liberty on it, originally a gift from the French to the new  world.

 But there is a major faux pas.

 They have the wrong girl.

  are kidding.

 I didn't know that.

 How do you get it that wrong?  Easily, it would appear.

 It was only noticed when a sharp-eyed  collector took a close look.

 The hairstyle is different and the one  on the stamp has this patch on the centre spark of her crown she is a  fibreglass and styrofoam replyica.



 Colonel Gaddafi's forces accused of  using internationally banned weapons as another assault is  launched on a key Libyan town.

 Human rights groups say that  cluster bombs have been fired at the rebel-held city of Misurata.

  They changed to royal succession rules? The Government says it is  reconsidering the law that puts male heirs above females.

  And Vladimir Putin shows off his prowess with the puck.

 Russian  people get a glimpse of his latest  Hello and good evening.

 Colonel  Gaddafi's forces have been accused of using internationally banned  weapons during their siege of the city party held by rebel forces.

  The campaign groups Amnesty International and Human Rights  Watch said that they found evidence of cluster bombs in the western  port of Misurata.

 The Libyan Government spokesman has denied  using the bombs, which it is argued pose an unacceptable threat to  civilians.

 Indiscriminate, deadly and widely  banned.

 These are fragments of cluster bombs.

 Human rights groups  say they were found in Misurata, where one researcher witnessed them  exploding.

 In the besieged city yesterday, local people showed us  shrapnel from artillery shells which rain down regularly.

 Colonel  Gaddafi's forces are using heavy weapons in built up areas.

  Residential neighbourhoods are being deliberately targeted.

 We saw  plenty of evidence of that.

 In the hospital we found some of the  victims.

 Staff say that most of the dead and wounded are civilians, not  fighters.

 The Libyan leader is hunting his own people, one doctor  told us.

 Tripoli denies using cluster bombs.

 We challenge them to  prove it.

 To use these bombs, the evidence would remain in four days  and weeks.

 We know that the international community is coming  en masse to our country soon so we cannot do anything that would  incriminate us, even if we were criminals.

 Whatever the weapons,  the regime's men are continuing to bombard the city.

 These pictures  appear to have been taken around the port area.

 We don't know when.

  1200 migrant workers have been evacuated from Misurata, some in  poor health after waiting for weeks.

 Thousands more are still trapped in  a city which NATO has promised to protect.

 But there are deep  divisions among member nations.

 Some don't want to get in deeper.

  So for now, Misurata remains in a Joe cold and innocent civilians  remain under sustained attack.

 -- choke hold.

 They have heard no to  talk the talk and they are desperately hoping for actions to  match.

 -- NATO talk.

 As we approach the royal wedding at  the end of the month, the Government is considering changes  to the law that governs who can succeed to the throne.

 The current  system means a male heir can take the throne even if he has an older  sister and Nick Clegg has said this is a little old-fashioned.

 They are  soon to be married and one day have a family.

 An ancient law means if  William and Kate's first child is a girl, her chances of being Queen is  greatly reduced if she has a younger Government and some and the  Government in matters not that.

 think most people in this day and  age would think it is worth changing the law.

 I think that  would be in keeping with the changes in society as a whole.

  Princess Anne has had 60 years to get used to it.

 The younger  brothers are ahead of her in the pecking order of succession.

  should we have discrimination against women right at the very top  when we don't have discrimination against women further down? But any  change will not be straightforward and it will not happen overnight.

  Australia and 14 other countries where the Queen is also head of  state will need fresh legislation.

 They would all have to look again  at a law that his three centuries old and bans the monarch from being  a Roman Catholic and from marrying one.

  This is a tricky issue that the royals are leaving to the  politicians.

 Sources close to Nick Clegg are stressing it is not a  priority, so it is likely we will still be debating it when Kate  Middleton gives birth to their first child, especially if it is be  girl.

 Nick Clegg has also been talking  politics today, urging party activists to take the fight to  their Conservative coalition partners in an -- the local  elections.

 He launched a scathing attack on Labour, accusing it of  putting politics before people.

 He has wrestled, posed with a tiger,  and even broken into song.

 What is left for Vladimir Putin to raise  his profile in advance of a possible bid for the presidency  next year? The answer is apparently ice-skating.

 We looked at his  latest PR stunt.

 He may be a little unsteady on his feet, but then  again Vladimir Putin only learnt to ice skate two months ago.

 Already  he is playing ice hockey with a group of children.

 This is exactly  how Vladimir Putin likes to be seen, and Action Man, a sporting hero.

  And suddenly it has become more important than ever before to  portray that the -- that image because the balance of power may be  changing in Russia.

 Until recently, most Russians viewed Vladimir Putin  as the most powerful man in Russia with Dmitry Medvedev playing the  junior partner.

 The double act disagreed with one another in  public.

 They have clashed over the UN to do to Council resolution on  Libya.

 They have had differences over the trial of Mikhail  Khodorkovsky.

 Both have said that they might run for President next  year.

 Dmitry Medvedev styles himself as a more modern politician.

  Vladimir Putin is more Superman.

  Judo black belt, Formula 1 racing  driver, and pop star.

 # On blueberry Hill.

 He wants a more  glamorous image.

 I think to a large extent what he wants is to capture  a younger, a new Russian audience.

 If he succeeds, then Number 11  could find himself back in the Kremlin in 2012.

  In football, Manchester City are through to their first FA Cup final  for 30 years, after beating Manchester United.

 Midfielder Yaya  Toure scored the only goal of the game to thwart United's hopes of  the trouble.

 Their road to Wembley may have been disrupted but for the  blue and red halves of Manchester this was an awayday to relish.

 A  chance to play out their rivalry for the very first time.

 United are  familiar with the surroundings and did very well.

 Berbatov was denied.

  But he had the chance to make amends 20 seconds later, somehow  squandering it.

 United must have wished Wayne Rooney had not been  suspended.

 Wastefulness was soon punished.

 Michael Carrick's sloppy  pass was pounced on by Yaya Toure and to finish with aplomb.

 The  noisy neighbours finally had something to shout about.

 United's  hopes of recovery effectively ended when Paul Scholes did this.

 His  match was over along with any talk of the treble.

 City deservedly  through to their first FA Cup final since 1991.

 While tensions spilled  over after the final whistle, it did little to detract from this  landmark victory.

 The 35 year wait for silverware is not over just yet,  but fans will hope it marks a shifting in the balance of power  with Manchester United.

 It is a sign that their time is coming.

  Motherwell are through to the final

 Multiculturalism has failed - the  Prime Minister vows to confront Islamic extremism.

 He says a hands  off approach on the issue is no Islamic extremism, he says a hands-  off approach is not viable.

 We need a much more active muscular  liberalism.

 The timing of his speech is criticised, coming on the  day of a major rally by the English Defence League.

 Long bans for three  Pakistani cricketers as the sport's governing body finds them guilty of  corruption.

 In Egypt, protests continue as the US backs plans for  an orderly transition of power.

 And libraries at risk, campaigners  call for a re-think over hundreds Good evening to you.

 The Prime  Minister has argued that multiculturalism in the UK has  failed.

 Speaking at a security conference in Germany, David  Cameron said a stronger sense of national identity was needed to  prevent people turning to extremism.

 Some Muslim groups have described  his comments as deeply offensive.

 The speech came on the same day as  a major rally in Luton by the English Defence League.

  This was absolutely not what the Prime Minister meant by tackling  extremism head-on.

 2,000 of the right-wing English Defence League  were on the march in Luton.

 Many miles away, David Cameron told  other world leaders Britain has had wrong.

 Saying multicull you turlism  and a hands-off tolerance have simply failed.

 Many a white person  holds objectionable views, racist views, we rightly condemn them,  when equally unacceptable views or practices comes from someone who  isn't white, we have been too cautious, and frankly, fearful, to  stand up to them.

 Taxpayer money will be cut off from any group that  doesn't stand up to extremists.

 Some organisations that seek to  present themselves as a gateway to the Muslim community, are showered  with public money, despite doing little to combat extremism.

  previous Government had tried to do just that.

 But ministers are  looking again at just who should get public cash.

 Although today  they would not name any group or project that could lose out.

  The Prime Minister suggested we all have to believe in certain values  to belong.

 But as a counter protest got under way, there was anger that  he had not also condemned what was happening here.

 Today's speech by  the Prime Minister falls into the trap of giving a propaganda coup  for the EDL, as we see fascists walk on our streets today, no  mention whatsoever by the Prime Minister.

  Clearly there will be people in the Muslim community.

 There seems to be  one rule for the EDL and the The Prime Minister strode firmly  into an area where politicians often tread Timedly, saying he'll  fight extremism by creating a stronger shared sense of identity.

  But the divided response to his words underline how difficult that  could be.

 Let's pick up on that with Laura outside Downing Street,  as you can see.

 Strong rhetoric, but it's one thing to talk tough,  Laura, but what exactly could change? Some people will applaud  David Cameron's frankness, others have been act angered by it.

 Sadiq  Khan, for example, a close colleague of the Labour Leader Ed  Miliband who accused David Cameron of helping right-wing propaganda,  something for which the Conservatives demanded an apology,  a reminder if any were needed, about how sense tuf this whole  policy area is.

 But in terms of what might change, right now,  ministers are reviewing the strategy that the Government has  been using to tackle extremism -- sensitive.

 I understand that review  was meant to be published about now, that might now be delayed until as  late as April.

 What it is likely to recommend though is moving money  and responsibility from the Department for Communities back to  the Home Office.

 The Home Office, as I understand it, and they alone,  will decide how money is distributed around the country.

 In  terms of other concrete changes though, it's just not clear what  will happen.

 It's worth remembering though that since 2006, the former  Government was already moving edging away from the idea of  multiculturalism so this Government is not yet clear what exactly they  will do and we don't know if they'll be more successful at  tackling the problem.

 Thanks, Laura.

  Three Pakistani cricketers who've been under investigation by the  international cricketing council have been found guilty of  corruption.

 Former captain James Bulger, Mohammad Asif and Mohammad  Amir have been suspended for at least five years following a  tribunal hearing in Doha.

 From there, David Bond sent this report  which contains flash photography from the start.

  Guilty but still adored by their passionate fans.

 Pakistan's players  fought their way out of Doha tonight to face an uncertain future.

  Six months after the cricketers were first accused by the ICC, at  last a verdict.

 Hearing the cases of Salman Butt, Mohammad Amir and  Mohammad Asif, under the ICC's anti-corruption code for players  and player support personnel Hadad journeyed on Tuesday 11st January,  2011 after a six-day hearing.

 The tribunal reconvened today for  further submissions and thereafter announced the following decisions.

  And here's why.

 A plot to bowl deliberate no-balls in last  summer's Lord's test against England.

 For the teenager Amir,  today's verdict was devastating.

 But his lawyer insisted he would  bounce back.

 He will, he's very young.

 Even if this ban was to stay  in place, at the age of 23 he'd make a comeback.

 Like another  scandal a decade ago, this was a test case for a sport fighting to  save its reputation.

 Despite winning, the ICC wanted the  tribunal to be much tougher, a view reflected by the newspaper which  broke the story.

 This is just not strong enough.

 I think there are  ICC chiefs who're on the floor this evening because they were expecting  life bans and for life to mean life, not this fudging of the issue.

  three Pakistan players arrived here this morning hoping to clear their  name, instead they leave here tonight with their cricketing  futures in tatters.

 The top leaders of Egypt's ruling National  Democratic Party, including President Hosni Mubarak's son have  resigned.

 It's an apparent concession to protestors still  gathered in the centre of Cairo, and it comes on a day when the US  and UK called for an orderly transition to democracy.

 Jeremy  Bowen is in Cairo with more.

 Thank you very much.

 Orderly  transition of power, they've been deliberately ambiguous about what  they actually mean by that in terms of timings.

 The Americans gave a  diplomatic rebuke to their envoy to Egypt when he said that President  Mubarak should stay until September when his term expires.

 Here in  Cairo, the protestors want the President out now.

  In the middle of that scrum is a top Egyptian general, the  protestors are showing what they think of his request to let the  army open the roads.

 TRANSLATION: When they calm down,  people needed to get to work.

 the army tried to move their  barricades, the people in the Square stood in front of the tanks.

  They scored another victory today with the resignation of the  leadership of the ruling party, including the President's son who,  until all this started, was the favourite to succeed him.

  Behind the wire in Tahrir Square, that's not enough.

 They say the  President must go before they do.

 Outside it, a little bit of life is  reappearing in a city that's been paralysed for nearly two weeks.

 An  island in the Nile which is one of Cairo's richest areas, the cafes  were open.

 Some of the customers were finding it hard to relax.

  Looks like normal life here? Appearances are deceiving.

 You've  got a gun? I have been carrying it.

 I don't normally carry a gun, but  we are on the neighbourhood watch.

 All the neighbours of the district  take care of each other.

 They seemed happy that the Mubarak  era was ending but unlike the people in the Square, many feared  chaos if the President goes immediately.

 We want a proper  handover.

 We want a new Government to take over after September.

 We  want a proper election, but for that to happen, he has to stay for  the coming six months and things have to stabilise here first before  we get to choose another one to represent us.

  But the thousands who've queued up to get into the Square disagree,  saying they've sacrificed too much to let up now.

 I got about seven  stitches.

 These people want to do a lot more than simply change the  face at the top.

 They want to change the system as well.

 That  means rewriting parts of the constitution and having democratic  elections.

 If they can achieve that, it really will be an Egyptian  revolution.

 It's not going to be easy.

  A reception committee's there to rev up the wet and cold people  who've waited a couple of hours to get in.

 Welcome to our heroes, they  chant, welcome to our revolution.

 This is a revolution, this is not  just a reform movement, this is a revolution.

 We need complete change  and he has to go.

 Egypt has come a long way in a  short time.

 The protestors queuing into the night want to go much  fourth much faster.

 They're queuing up and it's taking  them a while because the army is makingivity difficult for them to  get in.

 They're slowing it down.

 The army want them out of there,  it's absolutely clear.

 So far, they've been quite polite about it.

  The question is whether or not they're going to take some firmer  measures to get the demonstrators out.

 Back to you.

  A British soldier from third battalion the Parachute Regiment's  been killed by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan.

 The Ministry of  Defence said he was attempting to secure an area in the north of Nad-  e Ali when he was hit by the Improvised Explosive Device.

 His  family have been told.

 Thousands of people across the  United Kingdom have been protesting about the potential closure of  their local libraries.

 Organisers of the protest say they fear up to  400 will have to loz in total, council leaders say funding cuts  mean keeping libraries open would put other services at risk.

 From  Doncaster, Fiona Trott reports.

 In Edinburgh, the message was loud  and clear.

 Children's author Julia Donaldson took this petition to  Holyrood's door.

 We'd lick to protest at the widespread cuts to  the library service taking place throughout Scotland.

  It wasn't just about the services.

 In North Yorkshire, this building  has been part of the local community for years.

 And at Bawtry  in Doncaster, this library is the only public building they have.

  There's no leisure Centre for Children and no community centre  where people can meet for free.

 The budget for libraries is  actually only 2% of the council's overall budget, a tiny amount, so  very little amount of money would be saved by closing libraries.

  Everything I know about classical music I learned from a library.

 My  parents who were railway workers decided to become school teachers.

  They studied an passed exams with books they got from libraries.

  Petitions were left for people to sign.

 But the mayor says they'll  make little difference.

 It's a case of vital services like old folks'  homes, moderate medical needs for old people, people with learning  difficulties or it's essential needs like libraries.

 I'm afraid  there's only one answer to that one and it's not the libraries.

 That  means a tough decision has now been placed in their hands.

 Try running  the library themselves or watch it close completely.

  It's been a busy day in sport.

 Here is Amanda with the news.

  It's been an entertaining day of Six Nations Rugby Union, Ireland  narrowly avoided defoot against Italy in Rome winning 13-11, but  its defending Champions France who topped the table after the first  round of games after their 34-21 victory over Scotland.

 Joe Wilson  watched the action.

 Scotland in Paris with hopes unusually high.

  They ran into gale force France.

 Two minutes gone, and this happened.

  So it began.

 Scotland stayed in touch with brave stuff at close  quarters.

 The first ever international try for the captain.

  France did the fancy stuff.

 France were 17 points ahead in the second  half.

 Scotland scored a try, as did the French.

 Still Scotland can  reflect on the three tries they scored because it was a 34-21  defeat, all that work for nothing.

 Unnorth Natalie, we didn't get any  good points.

 We scored good tries, but the French attacked  outstandingly.

 The routine in Rome always begins  with passion.

 As ever, Italy gave everything.

 Brian O'Driscoll  slipped through to put Ireland ahead in the second half.

 With six  minutes left to play, Italy spread the ball all the way to a  Queenslander.

 Australia the birthplace of Luke McLean, he has  Italian parents, luckily.

 Less than three minutes left, the  game was almost up.

 Ireland got the ball back to O'Gara.

 Irish victory  by two points, gallant defeat Italy's unwanted reward.

 Scotland  could sympathise.

 It's been a record-breaking day in  the Premier League.

 Match Of The Day has an incredible 41 goals to  show you.

 As usual, it follows the news, so now is the time to leave  the room and grab your cup of tea as I go through the results.

  Manchester United's unbeaten run in the league is over, they were  beaten 2-1 by Wolves, falling to their first defeat in 30mchs.

  Newcastle wrote their place in the history books against Arsenal from  4-0 down.

 They produced an unprecedented comeback to earn a  draw at St James' Park.

 Another remarkable game at Goodison Park.

  Saha scored four as Everton beat Blackpool 5-3.

 Villa drew with  Fulham.

 It's been a happy birthday for Tevez who grabbed a hat trick  and Manchester City beat West Brom.

 Stoke beat Sunderland.

 Injury time  winner at Tottenham.

 And a win for Wigan sees them move out of the  relegation zone.

 So, United sit four points clear of  Arsenal.

 Manchester City are now right on the heels of the Gunners  and Chelsea play Liverpool tomorrow.

 Wolves stay bottom, but are level  on points with West Ham and Birmingham who play each other  tomorrow.

 For viewers in Scotland, if you  don't want to know the results from today's Scottish Cup game tws, it's  now your turn to leave the room as sports scene follows us here on BBC  One.

 Dundee United are through to the quarter-finals after a 3-1 win  over Hamilton.

 This was the pick of

 British Special Forces in the  Libyan desert.

 Two Hercules aircraft fly 150  foreign nationals, including Britons, out to safety in malta.

  -- malta.

 It was great joy, I can tell you.

 We were blad glad to see  the guys.

 It was a fantastic feeling.

 We have been stuck in the  desert since the uprising started.

 In Tripoli, supporters of Colonel  Gaddafi remain defiant as thousands of migrant workers try to get  flights out of the country.

 The security people here are tense  and quite a bit jumpy because there must be 0,000 people outside the  terminal building alone - 10,000.

 In other news.

 The opposition Fine  Gael is heading for victory in Ireland's general election.

  Foden, Ofden, and England.

.

.

 -- Foden.

  England take a giant step towards the Grand Slam, after beating  France at Twickenham.

 Good evening.

 150 foreign nationals,  including British citizens have,been airlifted out of the  Libyan desert on two RAF Hercules Place planes it.

 Comes at the end  of another tense day in the country.

 Colonel Gaddafi remains defiant,  despite a call from President Obama to leave now.

 Britain has closed  its embassy in Tripoli and is flying staff home tonight.

 The UN  is meeting in emergency session to decide on possible sanctions  against the Gaddafi Government.

 First tonight, Gavin Hewitt has  sent this report from Malta, where the British rescue mission came to  an end.

 On an airfield in Malta, British forces preparing for a  rescue mission, deep inside Libya.

 They loaded two RAF Hercules planes  for an operation they feared might be both difficult and dangerous.

  Their target was to evacuate oil workers at a camp south of Benghazi.

  Before the operation got final go- ahead, British diplomats were flown  out of Tripoli and brought to Malta.

 Then the Hercules headed south for  a desert strip, that had been secured with the help of a local  militia.

 Tonight, the planes were back on  the ground with 150 civilians, some British, delighted to be out of  Libya.

 It was great joy.

 We were glad to see the guys.

 This was our  second attempt to get out.

 Really, what was your first attempt?  can't really say because there are still people in the desert.

 It was  just a fantastic feeling because we have been stuck in the desert now  since the uprising started.

 And we did make a few attempts to try and  get out of the country and it didn't work out.

 We had to stay  where we were in the camp.

 There has been gunfire outside the camp  on numerous occasions.

 Some of the other camps have been raided.

 They  have been looted.

 Vans have been stolen.

 People have been robbed at  gunpoint.

 One key fact in today's operations is that they were in  territory where opponents of Gaddafi have taken control.

 Despite  the success of these operations, a number of British oil workers who  were brought out is relatively few.

 -- the number of British oil  workers.

 There are likely to be more operations to reach those in  vulnerable areas over the next few days.

 Our Middle East area Jeremy  Bowen is one of a handful of journalists invited to the capital  by Colonel Gaddafi and he joins from us Tripoli now.

 Colonel  Gaddafi's son maintained today his father is fully in control of  Tripoli.

 How true is that, do you think? I think they are pretty much  in control of Tripoli.

 I have been driving around it all day, off and  on.

 I have seen check-points.

 I have seen armed men, some in  uniform, some not in uniform.

 I have also seen a lot of people  moving around in a city that's tense and expecting violence.

 You'd  expect empty streets.

 There aren't empty streets in Tripoli.

 I think  without doubt there is opposition to him here.

 There was a funeral  today where people - which turned into something of an anti-  government rally.

 I think the fact is, at the moment, the Gaddafis are  still in control here.

 Big question: will the people  supporting them continue to do so? Indeed, I mean President Obama has  said that Colonel Gaddafi should leave now.

 The UN is considering  sanctions.

 I mean, is there any sense we are seeing the end-game  approaching here? Approaching perhaps, not here yet though, I'd  say.

 Those people who have been pr oficseing the end of Gaddafi in  Libya, I think have been saying so for the last 24.

 I think that his  end has been somewhat premeditated.

 We know what is going on in the  rest of the country.

 It is clear here as well that the squeeze is on,  but in the capital, the fact is that the Gaddafi family, Colonel  Gaddafi and his sons still appear to be in control and I'm not  hearing gunfire or anything like that here tonight and their people  are out on the streets.

 OK, Jeremy Bowen live in Tripoli.

 Many thanks.

  More details are emerging of how security forces in the city of  Benghazi turned out against Gaddafi ga.

 The BBC has also discovered  prison cells in the city where local people say they were held and  tortured by the country's security forces.

  This is what they think of Colonel Gaddafi here in Benghazi.

  GUNSHOTS Just a week ago this picture had  place of honour at this airbase and now.

.

.

  Everyone here is half crazy with delight and with anger.

  When Colonel Gaddafi's forces started shooting protesters, these  officers quickly turned against him.

 Now they are firmly with the  opposition.

 Transtran From the first day we  took the side of the people's revolution.

 TRANSLATION: From the  first day we took the side of the people's revolution.

 We are ready  to stand up to any forces.

 They are already repainting this helicopter  gunships in the colours of the revolution.

 The defection of this  base was critical to the success of the protesters in this city, a  crucial turning point.

 The officers here tell us they were ordered by  Colonel Gaddafi's government to use these helicopters to attack  protesters here in Benghazi.

 They refused.

 The pilots would not use  their own helicopters to attack their own people.

 So now, in the  city centre, some normality returns.

 Shops are restocking.

 This crowd is  waiting as the banks re-open to cash their cheques.

 As we arrive  they quickly erupt in joy.

 But the revolution has also  uncovered some sinister secrets.

 We found the burntout shell of the old  regime's internal security headquarters.

 These cells,  incredibly, held up to five people at a time.

 Not let out for months  on end.

 Just one tiny window, their only source of light and air.

 This  man has come back to he was imprisoned and tortured.

  TRANSLATION: They beat me with a leather whip.

 We would get electric  shocks.

 Then after that they hung me upside down for so long the  blood rushed so my head and I couldn't hear.

  You can see pictures on the walls of the cells, as desperate inmates  reminded themselves of the world they can no longer see.

 And they  have scratched on the door the date that prisoners arrived and left.

  Nearby they found secret files, kept by the Security Services on  local people.

 Even photos, a hit- list, they believe.

  It's all been taken away, evidence for possible future prosecutions.

  Just the start of attempts to shine a light into the darkest corners of  Colonel Gaddafi's rule.

 Ben Brown is on Libya's border with  Tunisia for uston.

 He joins us now.

 Ben, there -- for us tonight.

 He  joins us now.

 There seems to be a lot of activity going on behind you.

  Are people still trying to flee Libya into Tunisia? Absolutely.

  There have been tens of thousands across this border since the crisis  started.

 Today was the biggest influx so far.

 Estimates here from  government officials about 5,000 trying to get.

 In earlier this  evening at the Libyan side of the border crossing, a couple of  hundred yards behind me, there was a huge crush we witnessed, where  Libyans, and migrant workers, Egyptians, Chinese, Turkish workers,  they were trying to get out.

 In the crush a lot were injured.

 We saw  people being carried away in stretchers in all the pushing and  shoving and needing medical treatment.

 When they get through to  this side, the Tunisian side, things aren't that much better to  be honest, it is very cold here, it is wet and a lot will have to stay  here out in the open and sleep rough on the streets because there  isn't enough transportation to get all these people away from the  border area.

 Local volunteer groups are offering food and water but the  Tunisian government says they need international help because they  cannot cope with the scale of this influx by themselves.

  Many thanks Ben Brown.

 Now the last planned Foreign Office  charter flight back to the UK, carrying evacuees from Libya via  Malta is due to land at Gatwick Airport around now.

 Earlier 116  people flew back into Gatwick.

 68 are British, with many escaping  Libya on board HMS Cumberland.

 We went through horrific times.

 Our  camp was raided by - a marauding gang.

 For ten hours we suffered.

  had a workforce of about 2,500.

 A lot of them were on buses heading  to the Egyptian bored a long way from Benghazi.

 I'm hoping I haven't  heard any word I know some have got there but I don't know about  everyone.

 Tunisian authorities say three people have been killed in  clashes between demonstrators and security forces in tiens.

  Riot police used tear gas and live ammunition to disperse hundreds of  protesters demanding the resignation of the interim Prime  Minister.

 Now the opposition Fine Gael party  looks set to form a new Government in the Republic of Ireland  according to exit polls.

 Counting has begun following yesterday's  vote and the governing Fianna Fail party looks to have suffered a  crushing defeat after presiding over the kolafpts country's economy.

  This -- collapse of the country's economy.

  This report from Mark Simpson it.

 Contains flash photography.

 Ireland  is undergoing regime change, through the ballot box.

 The  overthrow of the current government was done with a smile.

 But in  political terms, their defeat was brutal.

 Fianna Fail were humiliated.

  The once dominant force in Irish politics, relegated to a lowly  third place.

 They were in charge when Ireland  went from boom to bust, to bailout.

 And now they are paying the  political price.

 It's ban very, very tough day for our party.

 We  are going to lose a lot of really good people.

 People who have served  their constituencies really well for a long period of time.

 The main  opposition party, Fine Gael, is taking over.

 Their leader, enda  Kenny is set to be Ireland's next Prime Minister -- Enda Kenny: he is  promising big changes.

 The gulf and divide created by people and  government will not be allowed to continue.

 The next government will  be one that belongs to be people, is of the people and clearly is  going to work for the people.

 it looks as if he's going to have  to share power, with the Irish Labour Party.

 They, too, made big  gains.

 The celebrations are loud but they won't last long.

 Ireland  still has an economic crisis The new -- chick crisis.

 The new  government will still face old problems.

 The Sinn Fein plt, Gerry  Adams won a seat in his first Irish election -- the Sinn Fein President.

  All the votes have yet to be counted.

 But it is already clear  that Irish politics has been transformed.

  Now, with news of the six nation and the rest of the day's sport,  here is Amanda.

 Good evening, it was a case of  actions speaking louder than words for England in the six nation this  is afternoon.

 After a week of verbal sparring from the French,  Martin Johnson's side produced a 17-victory against the defending  champions at Twickenham -- 17-.

 England remain on course for their  first Grand Slam in eight years.

 Twickenham in recent times has seen  entertainment but it hasn't seen great consistency.

 That was the  test for today.

 The sense of expectation had been  heightened by the French coach who had announced that no-one likes the  English.

 The English pack looked unperturbed.

  And at the first scrum, France's vaunted front row was duly mashed.

  Penalty, England and the first points.

  England seemed solid but they also conceded unnecessary penalties,  handing France the chance to level the scores at 9-9.

  On a wet pitch, with a greasy ball, it was a bruising first half.

  It was at the start of the second half that England won the game.

 Ben  Foden showed pace and power to score the game's single try.

  All that remained now was for Jonny Wilkinson to trot on to the pitch  as a substitute and immediately be asked to kick another vast penalty.

  It gave Wilkinson the record as the all-time leading international  scorer.

 It also sealed victory, 17- The Six Nations is far from over  path ahead looks a lot smoother.

 Their eight-year wait for a  Championship may at last be coming to an end.

  Wales kept up their quest for the title with victory in the other  game of the day.

 They beat Italy 24-16 in an error-strewn match at  the Stadio Flaminio.

 A try from Morgan Stoddart and this effort  from Sam wash ton helped give Wales their second win in three matches -  - Warburton.

 There were only five matches in the  Barclays' Premier League this afternoon.

 But no shortage of gos.

  Match of the Day follow the news here on BBC One, so now is the time  to close your eyes and cover your ears if you don't want to spoil the  surprise.

 Manchester United have extended  their lead at the top of the table, two goals from Javier Hernandez  helping them to a 4-0 win over Wigan.

 The result leaves Wigan  Wigan.

 The result leaves Wigan second from bottom.

  4-0 it finished, too at Molineux where Wolves won over Blackpool to  move out of the relegation zone.

 Aston Villa impressed in fropbt of  England man kever, Fabio Capello to beat Blackburn.

  -- in front of the England manager.

 Newcastle and Bolton shared the  points at St James's's park.

 In Scotland Hearts missed the  chance to move up to second place in the SPL playing out a 5 -- 0-0  draw with Aberdeen.

 Hamilton stay bottom, seven points  from safety.

 Hibernian moved themselves further away from  trouble with a 2-0 win over

 Bahrain's Kwan Prince has ordered  the withdrawal of all troops from the shrieks of Bahrain.

 Miniature  vehicles around Pearl Square, the focal point for anti-government  demonstrations, appear to have left.

 Deadly force in Bahrain.

 This  footage shows the use of live gunfire against protesters during  the last two days.

 Many of the pictures are too graphic to show.

  Last night, there were more violent confrontations, as the protesters  tried to retake the poll roundabout.

 Suddenly, the Government has  changed direction again.

 Tanks and armoured vehicles have been  withdrawn from the streets.

 There is still a heavy police presence in  Manama.

 At the same time, the Crown Prince has offered to host a  dialogue with the opposition.

 These are some of the few pictures to  emerge of the Libyan demonstrations, and even these may be a couple of  days old.

 No footage has emerged of what is a violent confrontation,  with the Government involved in a ruthless crackdown on protesters in  the east of the country.

 According to eyewitnesses, elite forces have  been sent him.

 The army has joined the public, and tanks as well.

 I  have seen them myself.

 The special forces are fighting in the street,  and the people are coming out of their houses and fighting them,  street by street.

 The people of winning.

 No hint of the biggest  challenge to the colonel in four decades on TV.

 Ordinary Libyans  might be confused about the amount of demonstrations be incurred.

 In  Tripoli, the Libyan leader made a brief appearance to cheering crowds.

  So far, big anti-government demonstrations do not seem to have  spread to the capital, something that would challenge his hold on  What is happening at the moment? The situation is very confused, but  very violent, most of the confrontations of going on in the  second largest city, Benghazi.

 The elite special forces have gone in  there.

 They have clear they camp of democracy, anti-government  protesters.

 But now there is a new potential for confrontation, with  the opposition gathering again, for the funerals of those killed in  recent days.

 Barclays have paid less than 3% of  its more to billion-pound profits in corporation tax last year.

 The  bank said it paid £130 million, despite making a profit of £4.

6  billion in 2009.

 The corporation tax rate is normally 28%, but  Barclays says its bill was so low because of losses the previous year.

  Barclays had hoped to draw a line under the whole debate of how much  money they earn, and the spotlight is on how much tax they pay.

 Would  you say that one of the ways companies meet their obligations to  society is true the payment of tax? -- through the payment of tax?  is an important responsibility.

 Five weeks after that appearance  before MPs, he has published how much corporation tax his band paid  in Britain.

 The MP who asked the question is not happy.

 They paid 2  billion to HMRC, including payroll taxes.

 130 million is the reality  of the situation, the amount they have paid in corporation tax.

 That  is quite shocking.

 Britain's second Corporation tax is a relatively  small proportion of the overall tax take, but to the man in the street,  such a relatively small proportion, compared to the overall amount of  money they have made, is our reporting read different.

 -- eye-  watering different.

 Barclays pays £2 billion last year.

 Most of that  was national insurance and income tax.

 But only 2% out of a maximum  of 28% was paid in corporation tax, and that will not endear them to  many small companies are struggling in a shrinking economy.

  The Labour leader Ed Miliband has attacked the government's plans for  NHS reform, saying they will approve -- they will prove more  unpopular than the abandoned plans to sell-off the forests.

 He said  plans such as handing more power to GPs in England put ideology ahead  of the interests of the NHS.

 I warned David Cameron and the  Government, the ill-feeling he created over the forest will be  like nothing compared to the anger that people will feel as he tries  to rip up our NHS.

 Does he not understand, some things are too  precious to be left to the market.



 for watching.

 From all of us on the  Hello, welcome to Midlands Today with Suzanne Virdee and Nick Owen.

  The headlines tonight: Shock at a school where a 15-year-  old Birmingham girl dies after contracting TB.

 It is rare unusual  to for a young person to die of tuberculosis and these days.

  Queueing to find the cheapest petrol - some drivers say they're  being forced off the road.

 In his Excel expected but at the  end of the day there are the places where Reid is £1.

29, it seems  ridiculous.

 Come on you Blues, as Birmingham  City set off for their Carling Cup semi-final.

  And comedy legend John Cleese on a Good evening and welcome to  Tuesday's Midlands Today from the BBC.

 Tonight, the health service is  to launch an inquiry into why a schoolgirl died after contracting  tuberculosis, commonly known as TB.

 Although 15-year-old Alina Sarag  tested positive, specialists didn't ensure she completed her treatment.

  It's virtually unknown for a child to die from the disease.

 After  being almost eradicated, TB is on the rise with just over 1,000 cases  in the West Midlands in 2009, up almost 45% since 2000.

 Routine  immunisation was scrapped in 2005.

 Here's our health correspondent  Michele Paduano.

 Alina Sarag hardly made it to  school last term.

 It's not yet known if her TB was the same type  as an earlier case at the school.

 But today, parents said their  children were devastated.

 My daughter was in the same class,  she was best friend, she was telling me very Maskell.

 A very big  shock.

 She's really upset.

 What more can Isa.

 The 15-year-old had  begun treatment for tuberculosis and had been seen at the Birmingham  Chest Clinic in October 2009.

 But left for Pakistan before completing  it.

 Her last attendance at school was on October 10th and she died on  6th January at Birmingham Children's Hospital.

  We are taking this death extremely seriously and we are going to kill  all the facts and all the contacts that the Shah has had in terms of  the healthcare -- this child into over the health care that she has  had in the month proof-reading -- preceding her death.

 The Birmingham  Chest Clinic appears to have been told of the tuberculosis after the  child returned from Pakistan with weight loss and vomiting.

 Have you  about an independent inquiry? ball we are establishing the facts  when we're Clear, we may and move to a more independent inquiry.

  Tuberculosis is on the increase, particularly in Birmingham.

 There  have been a few cases of a multi- drug resistant form, but infection  is unlikely.

 TB is very hard to catch, you have to be exposed to  somebody with active TB, coughing out the germs and puny to be in  contact with them for a long time to get TB.

 An inquest is yet to be  opened into how this school child died.

  Well, I'm joined now by Michele who is outside Birmingham Children's  Hospital where Alina died, Michele.

 How widespread is this in  Birmingham? What is the situation? The current situation is although  it is very, very rare for a child to die as has happened in this case,  unheard of in this country, in Birmingham between 2008 and 2009,  there were 27 deaths that were either due to TB or associated with  TB, there are pockets with high levels, the highs is an Aston, with  145 per 1000 of population, in the area which discharge I was 99 per  hundred 1000.

 The problem is that people start a gibbet and do not  completed.

 The king at the wider picture,  should we be concerned about TB returning in a big way?  At the moment, we should not be concerned because the levels are  very, very low and Barrett pinpointed to certain areas,  however, Birmingham city council is worried that the health authorities  have not been doing a nut -- enough joins up work on this.

 There is  concern they should be more vaccination for children under the  age of two.

 Still ahead tonight, caught on  camera by motorway police - the lorry driver on his mobile after  There're fresh warnings tonight that rocketing petrol and diesel  prices are damaging the region's economy.

 As fuel tops £1.

30 a litre  at some service stations, motorists are shopping around for the best  deal.

 One of the busiest forecourts this morning was at Kings Heath in  Birmingham where prices are among the lowest in the region.

  Queing up for petrol at nearly £1.

24 a litre.

 A few months ago  prices at this Shell filling station in Kings Heath would have  been considered extortionate.

 Todays they're a bargain.

  In relation to a lot of the petrol stations, this is a reasonable lost  -- reasonable price.

 His -- it is still expensive, but there are  other places where it is £1.

29, it seems ridiculous.

 A big bill for  motorists, a huge one for hauliers.

 For them rising fuel costs can mean  the difference between profit and loss, the difference between  survival and going under.

 Fuel prices are the bane of a  hauliers of life, we have a many of them when they increased it by one  penny, it cost us up to £5,000 a year.

 What can be done? Robin  Walker suggests that the tax should be varied, in certain ways that  highs out -- irons out the highs and lows.

 I think that is a good  thing for consumers.

 The new OBL to know what Penshaw to put in for a  month.

 That sounds fair, they need to do something.

 How workable Mr  Walker's suggestion will be well be up for question.

 In the meantime,  motorists, hauliers and anybody else remains at the mercy of the  market.

 Lots of e-mails on this as you can  imagine.

 Syd Vaughn from Birmingham says it's not the oil companies  that are ripping us off at the pumps, it's the government.

  Norman Utton from Leamington Spa says, the truth is the British  public are being ripped off with these petrol prices by way of huge  taxes.

 He says I have friends in America where the top price for a  litre of petrol is 59p and that includes tax.

  Mal Dunn from Stoke-on-Trent says this increase by the government is  an ever-increasing upward spiral for everything we use in everyday  life.

 At this rate the government will crush the country.

  Let's find out more about the fair fuel duty stabiliser which was part  of the Coonservative Party's manifesto now from Robin Walker the  Conservative MP for Worcester who's very keen to see it introduced.

 Mr  Walker first of all tell us what the fair fuel duty stabiliser is?  It is straight Ford, it is something where when the price of  your spice up the way it has recently, the government can take  off some big of -- take some big off the duty, and then when the  price drops, they can have the duty back on.

 I have had a lot of your  listeners say about the importance -- I have heard about the  importance of government taxation, it is important that government  revenue comes from taxation, we a inheritor that situation and the  fiscal deficit.

 We need to be aware that we cannot cut the fuel duties.

  We will be affecting the economy more generally.

 Your idea sounds  great, but it will not happen in real terms? I do not think that is  the case at all, then a Cameron said last week that it is somebody  understood was difficult.

 -- David Cameron.

 This week agreed to the  Chancellor to put forward the argument.

 What did he have to say?  I have not yet had a reply from him.

 Talking to his people in the House  of Commons, there is widespread support, not just within the party  but we could get it approve through a cross-party consensus.

  Talks are being held between trade unions and Birmingham City Council  to try to head off two half-day strikes by refuse collectors later  this week.

 If they go ahead, they'll add to the problem of  rubbish piling up on the streets.

 But tonight one labour relations  expert is calling for a change in the law saying European legislation  on equal pay is at the heart of the dispute.

  Birmingham's three great industrialists, Boulton, Watt and  Murdoch, would no doubt be dismayed that the talks going on in the  rooms behind them have so far failed to solve this dispute.

 The  head of the city council's Human Rresources department is now  chairing two days of intensive talks between the council and four  trade unions to reach a workable agreement.

 Under a European  Directive, equal pay for women workers doing comparable jobs is at  the heart of the problem.

 Women workers now get more, but binmen  refuse to accept levelling down with a £4,000 a year pay cut.

  You're going to have to change the law, you cannot have paid for  comparable work, nobody knows what comparable work is, in the end, the  market decides.

 Big men have a dangerous and difficult job, dinner  ladies have a safe, if not glamourous job.

  The man a working to clear the streets from the backlog.

 It is my  day, and the list stands at 230 it streets lined with rubbish.

 At the  end of today a's court -- talks, nobody was talking publicly.

 The  wanton of the can be achieved under current European law.

 They would  continue can -- talking tomorrow A strike by taxi drivers in  Coventry has been called off.

 It follows four days of action over  the number of cab licences in the city.

 Drivers claim there are  simply too many taxis and not enough rank spaces.

 After a meeting  today, the cabbies said the council had agreed to stop issuing licences  for the time being.

 Coventry City Council said they'd reached  agreement with the drivers on a number of points.

  The British Embassy in Pakistan has confirmed it's investigating the  whereabouts of three men from Birmingham feared kidnapped there.

  They went on holiday to the Peshawar region of the country in  December to stay with relatives of one of the men.

 Zafran Jamil  reportedly left his family home in Bordesley Green five weeks ago with  two friends from Birmingham.

 The first Army degree is going to  be launched, it is a three-year course.

 Is there all about bombs  and guns in the army, it is a course designed to educate students  about what life in the army is like.

 Motorway police say their latest  weapon, not a fast car but a lorry, has been a huge success.

 The HGV  has helped secure scores of convictions.

 Tonight, on the BBC's  Motorway Cops programme, police show how they caught a truck driver  who was on his mobile, later officers found he was twice the  legal drink drive limit.

 First used just over a year ago,  police here in the Midlands attracted much media attention when  the HGV took to the roads.

 Tonight's Motorway Cops programme  spent several days with the unit and shows just how successful  they've been.

 What we're looking for is people who are on their  phones, people are not distracted when they are driving.

 People who  are distracted.

 Because they're so higher off they can see things that  officers in ordinary police cars can't.

 And what happened next  surprised even the motorway police.

 He looked across and lo and behold,  instead of being shocked to see police officers filming him, he  took his other head of the steering wheel and gave the thumbs up, so he  was driving with no end that old.

 - But worst was to come when the  driver was stopped and removed from his cab police found several beer  cans.

 Looking at him, his eyes were just bloodshot.

 Arrested and later  breathalysed, this is what happened at the police station.

 The readings  there are 73 and 69, so we will go with 69.

 Just under twice the legal  limit.

 The driver later received an 18 months driving ban and was fined  £115.

 And Peter's with the police now  with a different type of police vehicle that's just as  unconventional as that HGV.

 Peter, it's looks like it should be on a  race track! It is because you probably would  normally see a car like this on a motor track, it is a Lotus, 160  miles per hour as a top speed.

 But us talk about that truck-driver  with the inspector.

 Were you surprised to catch a truck driver  twice the legal limit? Yes, it was very surprising, a big truck, busy  motorway.

 What are the successors have you had since you have  elevated your position into the cab of a truck.

 We saw a overseas  driver with a laptop on his dashboard watching DVDs.

 And  another driver with to mobiles text thing.

 Tell us about this mobile,  what is it about? It has been lent to us by Lotus at no cost, and  badged up, we are using it as a honeypot to attract people to come  and talk to us about road safety.

 But you be chasing people with it?  It is very fast.

 It is a beautiful car as a practicality, as a police  vehicle for pursuit, no.

 Fake it very much, I can tell you this is  only on loan for the police force for one month, it will be on show  at the NEC later in the week.

 And possibly on a motorway service area  after that.

 It is a monster, isn't it? Her laptop? DVDs, frightening.

  Thanks, Peter and you can see the Motorway Cops programme on BBC One  But this year bring Cup glory for the Blues and Alex McLeish?  We know it is played over two legs, I would like to bring it back.

  comedy giant John Cleese on Fawlty Towers, Python and less than  flattering reviews.

 Long-johns short on Jones, remember the first  ones, we got two or three bad reviews to start with.

  Take a blank piece of paper and write on it your vision for where  you live.

 30 years into the future.

 Well that's pretty much what the  people of Worcester are being asked to do.

 From housing to jobs and  investment, transport and leisure, the city council wants ideas on  what Worcester should be like in 2040.

 But, as Cath Mackie found out,  it's not the first time the city has tried to shape its future.

  The wonders of Worcester, the grand old cathedral city.

 It's the 1940s  and the streets of Worcester are about to be transformed, at least  on paper.

 Architects draw up a vision for the city which  includes.

.

.

 A European-style piazza outside the Guildhall, which, as  you can see, never quite happened.

 This is the proposed plan from the  1940s.

.

.

 Proposals for a new motorway and extra housing did  become realities, but the plans for boulevards and civic buildings  never left the drawing board.

 plan, really, envisage the  wholesale clearance and demolition of maybe three-quarters of the city  centre, the sheer cost would have been prohibitive.

 Cut to 2011 and  it's the people, not the architects now being asked for their vision of  what the city should be like in 2040.

 We know a lot of the  industries used to rely on the industry's was there was famous for,  no longer exists, had you get the right skills and jobs in the local  economy, how to attract people to want to do, had you make sure was  that maintains a quality of life for its residents and the people  there would be? I do not think the bus services as good as it should  be.

 Pavements should be repaired.

 Employment on the west side of the  city.

 By the end of this week thousands of these postcards will  have been sent out to schools, community centres and libraries  asking for peoples opinions on the future of the city.

 Resource packs  are being sent out so focus groups can be set up.

 But the city  council's insisting this is not just a paper exercise.

 We will not  be able to deliver everything, we have an enormous disparate views  from people.

 Ms we asked people what they want, we would not be  able to deliver what they want.

 -- unless.

 The ideas will be crunched  next month and fed into future development plans.

 But history has  a way of repeating itself.

 As in the 1940s, times are tough, and  dreams may be killed off once more by harsh economic reality.

  I cannot decide what I would like for tea tonight let alone in 30  years.

 And BBC Hereford and Worcester will  be hosting a phone-in on the future of Worcester with the council's  managing director tomorrow morning just after 10am.

  Birmingham City are aiming to move a step closer to Wembley tonight  when they play West Ham in the first leg of the Carling Cup semi-  finals.

 And, for manager Alex McLeish, it's his first real chance  of winning silverware outside Scotland.

  So, who's that long-haired centre- half.

 Well, it's Alex mcleish in  his pomp as a player winning the Scottish League Cup with Aberdeen.

.

  He also won as it three times as a manager with Rangers.

 Now Alex  Mcleish is trying to win a league cup in England as the manager of  Birmingham City.

 But first they must beat West Ham.

  We were trying be tactically right for the game and if that means that  we come back with a draw or a victory, so be it, we certainly  will not be parking the bars in front of the goals.

 -- Park in the  The Carling Cup is already a source of joy for Blues fans.

 They beat  rivals Aston Villa in the quarter- finals.

 And now they're just two  games from Wembley.

 I'm really buzzing about it, there is a trance  for a trophy.

 -- chance.

 It is too high to call.

 It will be zero-0, we  will not lose.

 I'll be happy with a draw, come back to send entries and  take it from there.

 -- St Andrews.

 There are 13 supporters' coaches  heading to West Ham deceiving, and they are confident they will be  heading back for the final.

 The game is live on BBC 2.

 Kick-off  is at 745.

 Mention dead parrotts, silly walks  and Basil Fawlty and it all points to one man.

 A very tall man at that,  John Cleese, who's bestrode the world of comedy for some 40 years.

  He was in Birmingham today to talk about his new one-man show, the  Alimony Tour, a name prompted by his extremely costly third divorce.

  The tour's coming to the Hippodrome in May.

 Nick's been to meet him.

  do five minutes of material which I did in Montreal for last festival  which was written for me and it is about the divorce and they gave it  to me as a present, so why do that for the first five minutes and then  I really do a little bit of talking, a bit about my dad, a lot about my  mum, who was crazy inane -- crazy in in in detaining way.

 --  entertaining way.

 What you make about commonly these days? A lot of  that now is the comedy of embarrassment, where you do not  laugh but you squirm.

 A look down on him because I am upper-caste I  look upon him because he is upper- class.

  The British comedy is a golden era for 1945, all those people that  travelled to entertain the troops in the second world war, it was a  tremendously good crop for about 40 years, 50 years and then I think  now it has got a little less good enough it is partly be good because  when people make it now, they make so quickly that they do not have  the period of being able to practise what you can fail.

  What the part that was pioneering, were you aware of that at the time?  -- Monty Python.

 Yes, I think we were, because I  think that boredom can be a great spur to activity and it has got fed  up with the conventional way of presenting comedy.

 It is passed  down, this parrot is no more! were taking a risk and we knew that.

  The you return to a series where the word Ikon it was invented for,  Fawlty Towers.

 And yet, the BBC did not fancy it, the first script was  turned down.

 The critics did not like it.

  Biscuits? I'm a member showing the script to the head of live  entertainment, he said you are going to have to take his out of  the hotel.

 Would you care for right? -- rat?  The BBC producers who would make anything of the scrips at a time, a  friend of mine had three of them at the BBC bar saying, oh dear, what  is Cleese doing? A lot of people did not get it.

 It is the one area  where I feel were really know what I'm doing, it is baas, write it  with comedy -- farce.

 You are still working flat out, and you have had  a lot of domestic turmoil, are you a happy man? I used to worry too  much, it was the basis of why a lot of my work was very good at some  stage because I had a perfectionism, a perfectionist I'm not terribly  happy.

 These days I just try and connect with the audience, there is  a lovely affection coming from the audience which is very relaxing and  I have a good time.

 Thank you.

 It was very good to meet him, I  could have taught him for hours.

 He is at the Birmingham Hippodrome.

  Things are warming up, it is not unusual for this time of the year.

  Bring your own, we are looking forward to it.

 Before the  Hallelujah moment, we're going to have to endure some rain.

 It is  turning breezy this evening and overnight it is dry to begin with  this evening and then the rain arrives at 9pm, and it is spreading  if East words throughout the night.

 It will be about three hours.

 Under  the cloud and the rain, temperatures stay above freezing,  and the values will only start to pick up by the rush hour tomorrow  morning.

 A cold start to the day.

 It will be quite grim and wet.

 But  the temperatures will pick up and the winds will be picking up and  the temperatures will pick up to 10 or 11 Celsius.

 The winds will ease  through the day so I think there will be about five to 10 mph.

  You'll see some Abri through the day and then drying up in some spot.

  That is the summer but for the next few days, by Sunday, we are clear  of all of the front.

 The temperatures will start to drop  again I'm afraid.

 Rain, snow, rain, A look at tonight's main headlines:  The first sitting MP to be convicted of fiddling expenses on  his second home, Eric Illsley,

 Ireland's political crisis deepens  as the ruling coalition falls apart.

 Green Party politicians pull out of  the Government in a move that could spark an early election.

  patience has reached an end.

 Because of these continuing doubts,  the lack of communication and the break down in trust, we have  decided that we can no longer continue in Government.

 Gordon  Brown emerges as the most prominent political figure to have contacted  police over concerns of phone haging.

  Preserving the Olympic legacy - Sebastian Coe says the UK's  reputation would be trashed if the stadium becomes a venue only for  football.

 Preserving England's forests, 100  public figures write to express concern abouts a possible  Government sell-off.

 And down to earth with a bump,  England are now 3-0 down in the one-day internationals against  Good evening.

 Ireland's political crisis has deepened in the last few  hours with Green Party politicians pulling out of the coalition  Government.

 The move follows a week of political turmoil culminating in  Prime Minister Brian Cowen's dramatic resignation.

 As Mark  Simpson reports, today's developments make an early Irish  general election more likely.

 Sudden resignation of Prime  Minister, Brian Cowen, as leader of Ireland's largest party plunged the  Irish political system into crisis.

 Many people asked how a man, no  longer leading a party, could be allowed to run the country.

 And  today less than 24 hours after the crisis began, his partners in  government, the Green Party, decided to pull out.

 They announced  that relations in the coalition had broken down completely.

 Because of  these continuing doubts, the lack of communication and the break down  in trust, we have decided that we can no longer continue in  government.

 The move is likely to force a general election next month,  earlier than expected.

 It also places a question mark over whether  financial legislation, required as part of Ireland's international  bail out, will get through the Irish Parliament before Ireland  goes to the polls.

 The Prime Minister is still hoping the laws  can be passed.

 The issues that now arise is a discussion by the  finance minister with the finance spokespersons, regarding the  passage of the finance bill in a realistic time frame.

 Some of the  time frames mentioned have not been realistic that.

 Discussion will  take place tomorrow.

 The opposition parties in Dublin are losing  patience.

 It seems to us that the sooner we have the election, the  sooner we have a new government, the better it will be to try to  restore Ireland's reputation internationally and to write a new  chapter for this country out of the awful legacy of this current  government.

 It's a government which has now entered its dying days.

 The  only question is whether the Irish Prime Minister will jump or be  pushed.

 We can join Mark Simpson live now.

 It's been a dramatic few  days in Irish politics.

 Where does this latest news leave Brian  Cowen's government? Well, somehow still in government, in office, but  perhaps not in power.

 He's incredibly weak.

 Both within the  government and within his own ruling party.

 But he seems  determined to fight on to try to get that all important finance bill  through, which of course, is part of the international bail out, so  it has European significance.

 He's determined to fight on, but he's  going to have to compromise in the coming hours, if not the coming  days.

 Like any Prime Minister, compromise doesn't come easy to him.

  Thank you.

 It's emerged that Gordon Brown has  contacted Scotland Yard asking if his mobile phone was hacked during  his time in Government.

 The former Prime Minister is the most high  profile figure yet to raise concern abouts hacking.

 On Friday, the  former editor of the News of the World Andy Coulson resigned as  David Cameron's communications chief because of continued  tampering allegations.

 This report contains some flash  photography.

 Did a tabloid newspaper listen to  the messages of even the former Prime Minister? Gordon Brown was so  worried his voice mail was hacked he wrote to police with his fears.

  He's the most senior figure to have raised concerns, after a star-  studed list of household names have claimed they were targeted too.

 The  royal editor of the News of the World was jailed for hacking in  2007.

 But the paper's version of events that only he was involved  was openly questioned by a Cabinet minister today.

 It seemed to me  clear for a long time, that the number of people who were being  hacked, clearly was not consistent with it being one rogue reporter,  the royal correspondent.

 Days ago, David Cameron's colleague and  confidentant, Andy Coulson quit his post in Number Ten.

 He was in  charge at the News of the World when illegal hacking took place,  though he's always maintained he did not know what was going on.

 His  departure is clearly not the end.

 The Crown Prosecution Service is  looking again at all the evidence of what went on.

 London's Police  Authority is set to question the Met on their investigations this  week.

 And there could be four other cases being prepared for the courts  that might include other newspapers too.

 I think if people break the  law and there's allegations of criminal activity, it's the  police's responsibility, firstly people shouldn't do it, if they do  it, the police need to be onto it.

 The Met police won't comment on  their inquiries into just what happened at the News of the World.

  The continuing saga is uncomfortable for a newspaper  that's meant to write headlines not make them.

  Lord Coe, the chairman of London 2012 has said the UK's reputation  would be trashed internationally if the Olympic Stadium was not  preserved as a multisports facility after Games.

 He was speaking ahead  of a decision this week on the future of the site, both Tottenham  and West Ham football clubs want to take it over.

  The 2012 Olympic Stadium has risen proudly from the banks of the river  Lee in East London.

 Even as work continues, doubt and controversy  shroud the post-Games future, indeed if it even has a future at  all.

 Crowds will thrill to the exploits of the likes of Usain Bolt  faces uncertainty.

 Athletics won't be sufficient to sustain it.

  Tottenham Hotspur and West Ham United football clubs want to move  in with the Spurs plan involving demolishing it all together, to the  horror of the man who led the London 2012 bid.

 I genuinely don't  recall a whole heap about bull dozing down a publicically funded  community, replacing it with a football club and inspiring  Tottenham season ticket holders.

 I think we have to be very, very  careful about how we are prepared to potentially trash our  international reputation.

 West Ham's plans would cost £95 million  and retain the stadium as a multisports venue, with the running  track.

 But under Tottenham's £300 million proposal, the bull dozers  would move in and a purpose-built football ground would arise instead.

  The North London club need a bigger ground and are prepared to finance  an upgraded athletics stadium at Crystal Palace.

 Their fans aren't  keen on moving to Stratford.

 absolutely anti- running tracks  between the pitch.

 I think it's awful, absolutely awful.

 I think  the fans would tell you the same thing.

 And the man who oversaw the  redevelopment of Wembley Stadium foresees design difficulties if  West Ham are to be accommodated.

 a rule of thumb, using athletics  stadia for football is less than ideal for football, even though it  might be ideal for athletics.

 There are structural differences by  definition, given the fact that the seats and terraces are so much  further away from the pitch than football fans like them to be.

  original Olympic bid traded heavily on the legacy that the Games would  leave for this part of London and Lord Coe believes that athletics is  at the heart of that legacy and turning this into just another  football ground would mean, for him and many others, London breaking  its promises.

 The man charged with the murder of  Jo Yeates will appear tomorrow at Bristol Magistrates' Court.

 32-  year-old Vincent Tabak was arrested on Thursday and charged yesterday.

  He was a neighbour of Miss Yeates.

 More than 100 public figures have  writ ton a Sunday newspaper protesting about Government plans,  which may result in public forests and woodland in England being sold  off.

 The signitaries include the arch bib op of Canterbury and Sir  Ranulph Finenes.

 They fear public access to forests will be limited.

  It is owned by the public, managed for the public, the Forestry  Commission's land covers almost a thousand square miles of England.

  Now much or all of it may be transferred to private ownership.

  The Government plans to raise money from sales and to slash running  costs.

 In the Forest of Dean and in other forests communities that's  brought fierce opposition ah, cross the generations.

 Everyone should  have a right it walk in and cycle in this place because it's so  beautiful.

 Selling it wouldn't be fair.

 The Government is  underestimating what value it is.

 In terms of the health benefits,  that it gives the local population and the people it draws into the  forest.

 It's a beautiful place.

 A lot of people love it.

 Adding their  voices to the protest, a host of famous faces.

 A letter to the  Sunday Telegraph signed by 100 actors, authors, pop stars and the  Archbishop of Canterbury.

 They know that current law means only 15% of  Forestry Commission land in England can be sold, but this week  Parliament will consider new legislation, paving the way for a  possible 100% sell-off.

 It's not the first time that Forestry  Commission land has been sold.

 John Clegg has been overseeing sales  since the 1980s.

 The English market, certainly the southern half of  England, is principally driven by ameanity type buyers, looking for  woodland for enjoyment, conservation, to manage for  themselves.

 Continued public access is guaranteed in the conditions of  the sale.

 So the public will be able to continue to walk through  the woodland and enjoy it long-term.

 Watching it all is Lord Clark a  former chair of the Forestry Commission.

 He's a worried man.

  the land is sold off, the rights which people have access, on foot  or on mountain bikes, the ability to come and watch birds or deer,  all that will be lost, if it's sold off to the private sector.

 Wales  and Scotland have rejected any idea of privatising Forestry Commission  land.

 Later this week, the Government will press forward with  a consultation outlining various levels of possible privatisation in  England.

 For their part ministers are stressing that whoever owns  England's forests in the future, there will be legal safe guards,  giving protection both for biodiversity and for public access.

  An Israeli inquiry into a raid on a flotilla carrying activists last  year has concluded forces did nothing wrong.

 Nine activists died  in the fighting, when their boat was intercepted.

 They had hoped to  break the blockade of Gaza by deliveringade.

 The Turkish  Government says it's appalled and dismayed by the report.

  Chaotic scenes last May in the middle of the night in  international waters.

 Israeli commandos shot and killed nine  Turkish activists on the ship, part of a flotilla taking aid to Gaza.

  Israel said its trooped fired in self-defence and their own lives  were in danger.

 Other activists said their colleagues were shot in  cold blood.

 They are using live ammunition.

 They said heavily armed  troops opened fire as soon as they boarded.

 The assault led to  protests around the world.

 Turkey condemned it as a violation of  international law.

 Today's internal, but independent, Israeli report  came to a very different conclusion.

 While regretting the loss of life,  the commission chairman said the Israeli military operation was  justified and legal.

 In Israel we have a history of decades of  independent commissions who look at various military operations.

 Some  of them have been in the past very critical of the Israeli government.

  In this case, Israeli government and the actions of our servicemen  were seen to be appropriate.

 completely exonerating the actions  of Israeli commandos on board the ship, this internal Israeli report  has few surprises.

 The only hint of criticism and acknowledgement that  intelligence could have been better.

 This was the aim of the committee.

  It was not an investigative committee.

 Actually it was more a  propaganda committee.

 This was a public relations disaster for  Israel.

 This report is unlikely to appease many critics.

  A giant inland lake is spreading through the Australian state of  Victoria, created by weeks of torrential rain and floods.

 The  lake is already more than 50 miles long and is spreading through the  south-eastern state.

 From Sydney Phil Mercer reports.

  Victoria's slow-moving flood is monstrous in size.

 This inland lake,  in the north of the state, is about 55 miles long and will continue to  spread over the next week.

 Dozens of communities have been swamped,  so have vast areas of farmlands.

 Crops have been ruined and  livestock forced to seek sanctuary on pockets of dry land.

 Farmers are  trying to salvage what they can by transporting an malds and machinery  out of harms way.

 We're been moving the gear onto higher ground in the  hope it will be spared and a lot of the stock has been shifted as well.

  People have been very good.

 A lot of stock has been trucked out of  the area to get to safe territory.

 Swanhill 200 miles from Melbourne  is bracing for the onslaught.

 The town sits on the banks of two  swollen rivers.

 Flood defences have been bolstered.

 As the tide  advances, residents must simply wait, watch and hope.

 These are the  worst floods in northern parts of Victoria since records began 130  years ago.

 It's dead serious, absolutely.

 This thing is taking  anything in its path.

 I have never seen anything like it.

 Further  north the clean up continues in parts of Queensland, that were  overwhelmed by flood water earlier this month.

 While the damage bill  can only be guessed at, the federal treasurer has warned this epic  disaster would have a significant impact on the Australian economy.

  Of more immediate concern, however, is the threat of more wet weather.

  There are fears that a low pressure system off the coast of northern  Queensland could develop into a cyclone over the next few days.

  An Australian soldier has been awarded the Victoria Cross, the  country's highest honour for bravery, while serving in  Afghanistan.

 Corporal Benjamin Roberts-Smith was given the medal  for single handedly overpowering two Taliban machine gun position  that's attacked his platoon last June.

  It's a very emotional thing, because it's very unexpected.

 You  know, every time we go away, we dot same thing.

 Everyone fights as hard  as they can.

 You don't expect to be singled out.

 It's something that is  completely overwhelming and sort of overshadows your day-to-day life.

  An earthquake measures 3.

5 shook the Scottish Highlands this morning.

  The epicentre was in Glenuig on the West Coast.

 No damage has been  reported.

 Sport now and England may have  brush add side Australia at Test cricket, but the one day game is  proving harder.

 Australia took a 3- 0 series lead with four matchs to  play.

 England captain Andrew Strauss had  insisted it was time for cool heads in Sydney.

 Strauss Strauss himself  was involved in a moment of blind panic in the heat of competition.

  Jonathan Trott remained at the crease for an unbeaten 84.

  Australian veteran Brett Lee looked like a man giving a masterclass and  enjoying this particular lesson as he made light work of England's  tail enders.

 But in reply, England's bowlers took quick  wickets, including that of Michael Clarke.

 Australia had their own Mr  Reliable at the crease, Brad Haddin reached his half century.

 When he  went, suddenly Australia looked nervous.

 But where Haddin left off  Hussey picked up.

 In the end, it was too easy for Australia.

 To win  the one-day series England will have to do it the hard way.

  Football and there was just one match in the Barclays Premier  League today.

 Blackburn Rovers have a two-goal lead over West Brom with  minutes to spare.

 If Blackburn hold on, they'll move  up to seventh in the table.

 Tennis and defending champion,  Roger Federer s, through to the quarter finals of the Australian  open after a tough four-set match against Tommy Robredo.

 And there  was a moment of history in the women's singles.

 Francesca  Schiavone took four hours and 44

 A British diplomatic team detained  by rebels in Libya has been released.

 The group, thought to  include Special Forces left Benghazi tonight on board a Royal  Navy warship.

 Contacting the rebels.

 Libyan TV broadcasts a phone call  between anti-Gaddafi forces and an ambassador.

 There has been a  misunderstanding.

 They have been picked up by the security group who  are concerned about their presence and who they are.

 Meanwhile, fierce  fighting continues in the east of the country.

 Gaddafi's troops are  trying to re-take areas captured by the rebels.

 The mortar bombs are  landing closer and closer now.

 We are starting to hear from the  people coming this way that Colonel Gaddafi's troops have broken out of  the town and are coming in our direction.

 Also coming up on  tonight's programme: David Cameron declares war on what he calls the  enemies of enterprise, as he outlines his strategy to try and  boost growth.

 At its beating heart, this is still a party of start-ups,  go-getters, risk-takers.

 What drives us is getting things done.

  Ministers defend Prince Andrew, after further criticism of his  friendships, saying he's done a lot of good for Britain.

 And the race  for the Premier League title is wide open after Liverpool clinch a  Hello.

 Good evening.

 Opposition forces in Libya have released a  British diplomatic team, thought to include Special Forces troops, who  were detained by rebels in the city of Benghazi.

 Witnesses there say  they were arrested on Friday, after they landed by helicopter, carrying  weapons and explosives.

 Libyan state television has broadcast what  it says is a recording of a phone call between Britain's ambassador  to Libya and a rebel spokesman.

 The ambassador explains that a  diplomatic team was in the country to make initial contact with anti-  Gaddafi forces.

 Well, this evening, the Foreign Office confirmed that  the group has now left Libya.

 Our correspondent is in Benghazi and  sent this report.

 A surprise return to Benghazi by  HMS Cumberland.

 There's an obvious tension in the air.

 Evidence of the  prolonged negotiations on board for the release of the British Special  Forces team, held by the Libyan opposition, who now run this city.

  This is a very sensitive mission for the Royal Navy.

 No-one is  speaking to us here.

 The strong suspicion is the ship has come to  port to come and rescue the British personnel.

 I understand a  helicopter carrying the group and their equipment landed near  Benghazi at 2am on Friday.

 They were met by two men, one a British  national.

 Two cars took them to a nearby compound.

 They were  questioned and asked if they were carrying weapons.

 Guns, explosives  and passport with multinationaltys were discovered.

 The Britons were  handcuffed and arrested.

 Later n a further embarrassing  development, Libyan state television broadcast what it said  was a recording of a conversation between Britain's ambassador to  Libya, Richard Northern and an opposition spokesman.

 The  ambassador is heard to say the team are in Libya to make contact with  the opposition and to monitor the humanitarian situation.

  understand there has been a misunderstanding and they have been  picked up by the security group, who are concerned about their  presence and who they are.

 And I was, I hope to ask if he might be  able to intervene to help us clear up this misunderstanding.

  Feelings are still running high here, two weeks after the  opposition expelled Colonel Gaddafi's troops.

 These signs have  appeared across the city, discouraging foreign intervention.

  As these demonstrations on Friday show, the Libyan opposition are in  determined mood, even as the world gives them ever stronger support.

  Shortly before sunset HMS Cumberland left Benghazi with the  British men aboard.

 The situation has been resolved, though the  British Government seems to have seriously miscalculated the  reaction to a helicopter arriving with armed men in the middle of the  night.

 Well, the Foreign Secretary,  William Hague, confirmed a British diplomatic team had been in  Benghazi.

 Our correspondent has been assessing what it might have  hoped to achieve.

 The SAS have already been in action in Libya.

  Last weekend, they helped evacuate stranded Britons on special  military flights, some of which came under fire.

 What was this new  team of Special Forces doing on the ground? What went wrong? There were  intense efforts to resolve the situation quickly according to  officials here.

 It has been emphasised that this was not a  covert military mission but one with an aim to build contacts with  the opposition and to better understand what was going on T role  of the Special Forces was to protect the diplomat involved.

  Before the release, the Foreign Secretary confirmed officials were  on the ground.

 There is a small diplomatic team in Benghazi.

 I can  confirm that.

 We are in contact with them.

 It's inappropriate to  comment further on that at the moment.

 I can of course say we are  in touch with people across Libya.

 I personally am in touch, not only  continuing in touch with the Libyan Foreign Minister in the Gaddafi  regime to continue to convey messages to him, but also with  figures in the opposition.

 situation on the ground in the east  has been fluid and confusing.

 The aims of this first British team to  arrive may have been miss interpreted.

 Some opposition groups  have called for western intervention.

 Others have said it  would not be welcome.

 An arms embargo remains in place.

 While  military support has been ruled out, the efforts to reach out to  opposition groups are likely to continue, and with it the risks for  those involved.

 Well, let's talk to our  correspondent now in Benghazi.

 How embarrassing overall would you say  this incident has been for Britain? Well, it's been embarrassing, but  above all, I think just incomprehensible really.

 People  wondering why on earth this happened, when a British warship  can come into port and people can walk into town and speak to  authorities here.

 Conspiracy theories flying around.

 The best  explanation is maybe people have watched too many James Bond movies,  frankly.

 As far as the opposition is concerned they have come out  with a good degree of credit.

 They have shown they are the masters of  their own territory.

 They spotted this party coming in and they have  captured them and handed them over safely to the British authorities.

  It shows some sensitivity to any involvement from anyone from the  outside, any foreigner? That is a complicated issue here.

 They have  made it clear, the opposition here, that they would welcome the right  kind of foreign support.

 They have called for foreign intervention to  help them topple Colonel Gaddafi.

 Although they may possibly, if they  are a future Government be better allies for the West, it will not be  that simple.

 There'll be complicated issues to work out in  the future.

 Thank you.

 Well, forces loyal to Colonel Gaddafi have  mounted strong counter offensives today as they try and retake  opposition areas.

 Tanks have been in action against the rebel-held  cities of Zawiya and Misurata.

 There were reports of heavy gunfire  in Tripoli itself.

 In the east, Government troops attacked the  coastal towns of Bin Jawad and Ras Lanuf.

  Recently captured by the rebels.

 Our world affairs correspondent  along with his cameraman have been to Ras Lanuf and sent this report.

  An aircraft passes high overhead, spying out the rebels' defences.

  The equipment used by the pro- Gaddafi forces gets more and more  sophisticated.

 The further the rebels get towards Colonel  Gaddafi's tribal stronghold of Sirte.

  Official pro-Gaddafi television has been claiming all day long that  soldiers loyal to him have captured the strategic oil town of Ras Lanuf.

  But in fact it is still firmly in the hands of the rebels.

 They also  control 30 miles or more of the road leading west.

 At one  checkpoint a commander briefs his men on their tactics as they go  towards the Government-held town of Bin Jawad.

  Fighting there was still going on, he said, but for the first time  Colonel Gaddafi's troops are standing there their ground and  fighting back.

 As we went towards Bin Jawad, we  found the rebels' usual, excitable enthusiasm was being replaced by a  grimmer sense of determination.

 Soon we could see for ourselves the  Government's superiority in fire power.

  The mortar bombs are landing closer and closer now.

 We are starting to  hear from the people that are coming this way that Colonel  Gaddafi's troops have broken out of the town and are coming in our  direction.

 In fact, re-enforcements soon  arrived and held the pro-Gaddafi troops down.

 But for the first time  here, the rebels have got a fight on their hands.

  And now the rest of the day's news.

 David Cameron has given an upbeat  message to supporters at the Conservative Party's Spring Forum  in Cardiff, promising to build a better future for Britain with a  stronger economy.

 With just two weeks to go until the budget, the  Prime Minister spoke of his support for small businesses and promised  to take on what, he called "the ener in mis of enterprise.

"  -- enemies of enterprise.

 David Cameron wants to move on from the  debate about cuts.

 He wants to focus on boosting enterprise and  growth.

 He said it was not just about economics but about morals  too.

 Something he claimed Conservatives understand.

 At our  roots, we're the party of builders and business women, electricians  and engineers, roofers and retailers.

 At its beating heart  this is still a party of go-getters, risk-takers.

 What drives us is  getting things done.

 What drives us mad is the bureaucracy, the  nonsense that gets in the way.

 accused Labour of taxing,  smothering and crushing new businesses.

 The Prime Minister  declared he would take on the enemies of enterprise, the  bureaucrats with their rules and regulations, the public sector  managers who shut out smaller companies.

 When people say spend  more money.

 I say forget it, Labour have spent it all.

 There is only  one strategy for growth we can have now, and that is rolling up our  sleeves and doing everything possible to make it easier for  people to start a business, to grow a business, to invest in a business  and to take people on.

 Mr Cameron defended his personal  role in helping sell British business abroad.

 They see me  loading up a plane full of businessmen.

 They say, that's not  statesmanship, that's salesmanship.

 I say this, attack all you want,  but do you think the Germans and the French and the Americans are  all sitting at home waiting for business to fall into their lap? Of  course not.

 They are out there trying to sell and so should we in  this country as well.

 Labour said the real enemy of  enterprise was the Government's plan to cut too deep and fast.

 But  the Prime Minister promised a Budget that would tear down the  barriers to growth.

 David Cameron wants to show he's on the side of  the entrepreneurs and business people, standing 7 to officials in  national and local Government.

 Much will depend on whether the results  matches rhetoric, whether there is sufficient growth for new and  expanding companies to drive the country back to prosperity.

  Ireland's two largest political parties have backed their leader's  decision to form a coalition.

 It ends six days of negotiations  between Labour and Fine Gael.

 The new coalition plans to try and re-  negotiate the terms of Ireland's bail out by the EU and the IMF.

 The  Foreign Secretary, William Hague, says he has full confidence in  Prince Andrew in his role as Britain's special representative  for international trade.

 It follows criticism of his links with an  American businessman who is a convicted sex offender.

 Today,  William Hague said Prince Andrew has done a lot of good for Britain  around the world in his role as a trade envoy.

 Let's get more from  our royal correspondent, Nicholas Witchell, at Buckingham Palace.

  There's been a raft of very negative headlines this weekend for  Prince Andrew.

 How difficult is all this getting? Not a good week in  fact for Prince Andrew.

 Newspaper stories day after day.

 Some lurid  headlines which prompted his Private Secretary to take the  unusual step of writing to the Times to say insinuations about him  were completely without foundation.

 The criticism is of poor judgment  by Prince Andrew and of a pattern of fraternisation with people  inappropriate.

 At the centre of this episode is this American  financier, Jeffrey Epstein.

 He has known Andrew for 20 years.

 In 2008  he was sent to prison for soliciting an underage girl for  prostitution.

 Notwithstanding that, Prince Andrew has continued to meet  him.

 He was staying with him in New York last December.

 Officials say  that Andrew now recognises that meeting was "unwise.

" Now, on the  question of his role as trade ambassador, the Foreign Secretary  said he was doing a good job.

 He was asked if he had confidence in  Prince Andrew, Mr Hague said, yes he did.

 Let's turn attention to the  day's sports news.

 Manchester United suffered their  second successive defeat as the Premier League title race took  another twist.

 They lost 3-1 to Liverpool with Dirk Kuyt scoring a  hat trick.

 United stay three points ahead of Arsenal.

  Deep in Kenny Dalglish's DNA is the desire to stop Man United wining  the league.

 His Liverpool players embraced the cause.

 Luis Suarez  danced through the cause to give Dirk Kuyt his first tuck in.

  Perhaps it was the occasion or sunshine which explained Nani's  header.

 It flew perfectly to count.

 Nani's match ended soon after.

  Jamie Carragher should have too.

 His challenge on Nani got him a  yellow card.

 Nani hobled to the referee seeking justice.

 Rafael  hurtled again, just a yellow card.

 Perhaps that evened out the  injustice.

 The game was emphatically Liverpool's.

 The ball  falling to Dirk Kuyt.

 Three goals all from three inches.

 United  completed.

 Ferdinand could not miss at the end.

 They remain three  points ahead in the table.

 That is Liverpool's gift to Arsenal.

  Match of the Day 2 is over on BBC Two right now, with highlights of a  dramatic game between Wolves and Tottenham.

 Stephen Fletcher scored  a late equaliser for Wolves in a Rangers are five points behind the  Scottish Premier League leaders Celtic, after a 1-0 win at St  Mirren.

 Kyle Bartley scored the goal, his first for the club.

  England's cricketers were involved in another thrilling match at the  World Cup.

 They were heading for a humiliating defeat by South Africa  in Chennai, when their bowlers turned the game on its head to set  up a six-run victory.

 England had to right to win this match, not  after such a shocking start.

 South Africa's tactic of opening with  spin paid off straight away.

 Peterson with two wickets.

 Andrew  Strauss and Kevin Pietersen gone.

 Peterson the bowler was in the  purpleiest of patches when one was chipped back at him.

  Bopara propped England up with a stand of 99.

 There was no other  meaningful contribution.

 Once South Africa got through them, England  folded to 171 all out.

 The South African batsmen could not have been  too daunted by the target in front of them.

 England took wickets, but  not quickly enough to begin with.

 At 124-3 and plenty of overs to  play with, it was plain sailing for South Africa.

  That was until Anderson hit them like a hurricane.

 Broad picked off  the tail with the finishing line in sight.

  This was the day England's bowlers

 Good afternoon.

 The latest rescue  flight for risk -- for Britons stranded in Libya is now in Tripoli.

  The Forum of says his is likely to be last out of Tripoli organised by  the Government back.

 HMS Cumberland arrived in Malta this morning with  a number of Britons on board.

 There is international pressure on  Colonel Gadaffi, with the US imposing sanctions and the United  Nations meeting this afternoon.

 Colonel Gaddafi is trying to  convince outsiders that the rebellion against him and the  violence is exaggerated.

 Today, in the whole of Libya, there are no  casualties, no attacks.

 Everything is peaceful.

  Meanwhile, foreigners continue to flee the country.

 ASBO, HMS  Cumberland arrived in Malta at, a journey that should normally take  15 ours took 35 per us because of atrocious conditions.

 Many had  terrifying stories of the land they had left behind.

 He is worse than  Saddam Hussein.

 He could do anything.

 He could bomb the whole  of Libya and kill himself.

 He does not care, he is a mad guy.

 He needs  to be stopped.

 Mercenaries would come around.

 I had a group of  friends, three of them were shot down and killed.

  Away from Libya, here was the Libyan ambassador and a childhood  friend of Gadaffi coming out against the Libyan leader.

 Many of  his staff were in tears.

 For the moment, there is a pause inside  Libya.

 Gadaffi holds the capital and pockets elsewhere.

 A further  test of strength lies ahead.

 We can speak to Ben Brown who is on  Libya's border with Tunisia.

 What is the situation where you are?  There has been another huge influx of people from Libya across the  border here.

 Altogether about 30,000 people are said to have fled  from Libya in the last few days into Tunisia and Egypt.

 Most of  them are migrant workers, Egyptian and Tunisian.

 They are being helped  by voluntary groups, giving them food, water and transport.

 As far  as British nationals in Libya ago, they are being encouraged to catch  probably the last British Government flight out of Tripoli.

  It is on the ground at the moment.

 We are hearing unconfirmed reports  from Tripoli that the Gadaffi regime is now handing out guns and  weapons to civilians to support the regime, getting them to go and help  crush dissent and opposition.

 Many thanks.

  The opposition Fine Gael party looks set to form a new government  in the Republic of Ireland.

 Although exit polls suggested do  not have an overall majority, Fine Gael has said it will try to form a  coalition with the Labour Party.

 Experts say that 60% of the  buildings in the centre of

 This is BBC News.

 Headlines:  Western forces have launched a missile strikes on Libya.

 It is to  prevent government attacks on civilians.

  Jets are heading to the Mediterranean.

 French forces are  tagging Gaddafi's forces.

 There has been more anti- aircraft  fire as Gaddafi's supporters remain defiant.

 Civilians and motor units  in the region could be targeted in the coming weeks and days.

  Now we have a look at how technology has been put to good use  for Japan.

 You're thousands of miles from the disaster, you are  not trained in emergencies, but you can be part of the rescue team.

  This will complete it, when a social networks become a crucial  networks.

 We look at how technology is playing a vital role in the  aftermath of the Japanese earthquake.

 We travel to the States  when we made the brightest people in the south by South West festival  where everyone is looking for the next big thing.

 We have a round-up  of the latest tech news and a tad on your money by using your fine.

  Welcome to Click, I'm Spencer Kelly.

 Sadly, I'm sure by now we are all  too familiar with the shocking scenes of devastation in Japan.

  News rooms around the world have been receiving the images since  moments after the earthquake and tsunami struck.

 While the event  itself lasted just a matter of minutes, the recovery operation is  obviously going to take months, probably years.

 And as always with  natural disasters, if you are on the ground in the immediate  aftermath, making sense of the situation and understanding exactly  what is needed and where is extremely difficult.

 We look at how  the Internet is becoming an essential tool for survivors and  rescuers alike.

 Japan is about as high tech as you can get.

 Some of  the world's most advanced warning systems are here and they gave  residents precious moments to prepare for the earthquake and the  tsunami that followed.

 Warnings that, for some, were sent to their  mobile phones.

 But no technology could prevent the destruction that  followed.

 More than a week on and thousands of people are missing,  hundreds of thousands have had their homes destroyed.

 In a land in  love with technology, it has unsurprisingly played a big part in  what happened since.

 On a basic level, for those who simply had  access to a phone, Japanese operator NTT DoCoMo's emergency  message board let survivors leave voice messages which could then be  accessed by anyone searching their phone number.

 Large areas of Japan  were obliterated.

 In many places where phone signals failed, access  to the net was possible mainly through landlines.

 This graph shows  the level of traffic through Google search engine.

 Despite the tsunami,  fires and power cuts, March 11th in the middle looks like other looks  like the other days.

 Two days later and data flows shown here in green  are just a fraction down on the two previous weeks.

 The resilience of  the network and most undersea cables to Japan helped to keep data  moving.

 That connectivity allowed Skype to offer free calls to  telephones and free Wi-Fi at its 5,000 hotspots.

 But it wasn't just  one-to-one communication making a difference.

 The growing popularity  of social networks has today given sites like Facebook and Twitter a  central role in desperate times.

 For the first time, Facebook  plotted the rapid spread of the news across the world in the two  hours after the quake.

 But just as the Japanese have their own unique  culture and language, they prefer their own style of social networks.

  Mixi is the most popular with more than 20 million active users.

  is very important for us, because the difference between Facebook and  Mixi is we don't use it to communicate with a friend, posting  pictures and updating information, but we use it to communicate with  people we don't know, creating the group which is called a community.

  In the group we can have the topic, so we type the topic, we can go to  a specific topic like the supply of water or food.

 This man has a  restaurant in an area which was hit by a the earthquake, but he still  has the food and the water at his restaurant and he can cook at his  restaurant.

 So he would like to cook free food for the people who  have escaped and who have no place to go.

 What's your personal feeling  about what you see? I felt that maybe during the big earthquake in  1995 in western Japan, we did not have Mixi so the only thing with  which we could help each other was to donate.

 But now we can find any  information through Mixi and we can send to the person who we see on  Mixi, instead of the ones who we don't see who they are on TV.

  social networks now offer much more than simply a way to stay in touch.

  Information can be scraped off these sites and mapped in real time  - largely thanks to a movement with its roots in Africa.

 The Kenyan  riots of 2007.

 120 people died in the violence following the  presidential elections.

 Life on the Kenyan streets has returned to  normal now but there's one lasting legacy from those violent days.

  Ushahidi was born but it was created for very different reasons  other than the life saving operations it has become famous for  today.

 There was a way to gather information and say this is  happening, and because the media is not reporting it, we will gather it  anyway.

 That was the big driver for it, and always from the very  beginning it was the idea that ordinary people knew more of what  was going on on the ground than all the government or the big media  were saying.

 And what it is is a very simple way for anybody  anywhere in the world to aggregate information via SMS, e-mail, the  Internet itself and Twitter or Facebook, whatever you want,  aggregate the information, visualise it and understand what's  happening in front of you.

 Since 2008, Ushahidi has been used to map  the earthquake in Haiti and follow the forest fires in Russia.

 Within  two hours of the Japanese quake, a group of volunteers there had used  it to map real time information.

 Another site, Esri.

com, also maps  social network feeds.

 Ushahidi posts are combined with YouTube  videos, Facebook, and Twitter feeds and official records of aftershocks  as well.

 With posts being automatically tagged with  geolocation data, some of this information can be assimilated to  the map automatically.

 Outside of Japan, volunteer groups are helping  as well by collating other databases, which could prove useful  to mappers.

 CrisisCommons advises the UN on how it can best respond  to disasters.

 You would want to find, you know, how can I charge my  cellphone? What banks are open? How can I what grocery stores are open?  And these are all pieces of new information that happens after a  disaster, and I really think that's where volunteer technology  communities like CrisisCommons can really help and be able to put it  out to the public in a way that is mobile.

 So I think that's something  that we'll definitely see more of in the future.

 What you put on your  map is up to you.

 Honda has fitted its cars with GPS sat navs.

 After  the quake, it opened up that database to show real time car  movements, helping anyone with an Internet connection to see which  roads are still open and how fast traffic is flowing.

 And then in all  the chaos there is perhaps the biggest need of all - people are  desperate to find each other.

 In the aftermath of 9/11 in 2001,  families scanned huge walls of missing persons posters.

 Now for  those without an Internet connection on the ground including  the thousands in temporary shelters - pictures of similar messages are  being taken and then posted online.

 Volunteers add the information to  Google's recently launched Person Finder.

 The text box can be placed  or embeded on any website, allowing easy access to a single database  where many hope to find those they have lost.

 More than 160,000  records are here.

 To avoid spam and help verify posts anyone with  information is asked to leave their e-mail and phone number.

 Help has  come from other quarters too.

 Social online gaming has boomed in  recent years.

 Makers of one of the most popular games, Farmville, took  just 12 hours to introduce an in game donation system.

 With over 80  million users, it could make a real difference.

 Sadly, Japan now faces  another danger from its nuclear power plants.

 Robots are being  deployed into areas too dangerous for people to go, sending back  images by burrowing or riding over the rubble.

 It's easy to see how  shared online maps updated with real time information could help  here too, guiding people away from danger.

 Many are worried, scared  for the future.

 And many more want to help them.

 But while the success  of using social media to bring people together ultimately relies  on the quality of information, at its best it offers a precious  Dan Simmons on the ways technology and social networking can help in  the aftermath of a national disaster.

 You'll find links on our  Next up this week's Tech News.

 Microsoft's revamped Internet  Explorer hits the web.

 The company says IE9's graphic handling and  security features put it on an even footing with Firefox, Chrome and  others.

 Luckily so because they have been shedding uses over the  past three years.

 Unhappily for users of older systems, IE9 won't  run on Windows XP and only can be used with Windows 7 and Vista.

  YouTube could be home to better looking images.

 Google brought  Green Parrot.

 It's been used by the 'Little Red Riding Hood' Hollywood  movie studios.

 Hopefully it will end camera wobble.

 Finally, Twitter  has its developers in a flap after suggesting it doesn't want them  creating software mimicking its own interface.

 Developers derided the  move as being motivated by ad dollars, arguing that Twitter is  trying to get tweeters flocking to its own site for official mobile  apps, but they have been told it's about ensuring developers innovate  rather than developing their own software.

 So there.

 Earlier, we  talked about how social networks can help in the recovery efforts  with natural disasters of.

 The South by south-west technological  best of all in Austen.

 We find out For 25 years musicians have been  racking up to the South by Southwest Festival eager to find  new fence and propel themselves into the big-time.

 For the last 17  years, the interactive festival has been doing the same for technology.

  20,000 coders and entrepreneurs need.

 All of them in the hope of  moving their website from start-up to stardom.

 Just four years ago,  Twitter went mainstream.

 There is no shortage of start-ups hoping to  follow their success.

 What goes on in there is only half  of the story.

 As the Texan sun goes down, activities in the massive  conference centre wind down.

 The nightlife gets going and it is time  for some proper social networking.

 This is six Street, Party Central,  a place to make some contacts, meet potential investors, to see and be  seen.

 For the smart fine generation, there is a quick way of locating  the people who matter by allowing yourself to be found.

 It is called  checking in through the GPS network.

 You'll find it knows where it is.

  Press a button, you can share your location as well as your thoughts.

  Inspired by the need to find one another, two people lodged  Foursquare at two years ago.

 It has gained 50 staff and 8 million users.

  They collect badges by checking in.

 -- everything is really dance, you  have a lot of activity in a small area.

 It is exactly like that here.

  For six or seven days all of these people need to get around.

 They  need to not stand in line to get into a restaurant, they need to  know where their friends are and what they're doing.

 They need to  know this very quickly and while they are on the move.

 This is  essentially a concentrated way of saying how this model can work for  the rest of the world.

 With all this checking in going on,  the Texas state capital is firmly on the map.

 There are plenty of  excuses to play.

 Most attendees just come for the week, some start-  ups have made the place their home.

 Austen is a natural habitat four  this internet start-up.

 No evidence needed that this town is the place  to find bright young things ushering in the new wave when it  comes to technology.

 It is run by George Williams, a local guy, he  checks in all the time to help others find the finest cafes and  hangouts in time.

 The application takes the form of a passport, the  more places you go the more steps you collect.

  We want people to explore and go to places that stretch them a full bid.

  That is kind of exciting.

 How do we make it just as interesting in your  home town as when you are travelling abroad.

  Plenty of new talent is flocking to the Festival hoping to be the next  Twitter or Foursquare.

 There is another start-up, they need to keep  choices about checking in up to you.

 You do not have to share, it is not  tracking your location.

 You can choose the moment you want to share  and the moments you do not.

 If you do not feel like checking in  summary, you do not have to.

 We want to make it easier for people  to do that if they want to.

 -- checking in somewhere.

 You can also  allow your friends to check you in.

 I do not have my phone with me, I  am not at a restaurant, my friend can check me in because she is with  me and because she attacked both of Thanks to the number of chickens  come up we can be pretty sure that the next big idea will come from  this very Festival.

 If only there was an application which could show  which person has that idea in their head.

 We will have to find out the  old-fashioned way, do some future gazing with an expert.

  People crave actual experience that matters.

 Whether it is an  earthquake, or watching Glee with fans around the world.

 When you  want to connect, the power of the modern age means you always know  where people are, but you are not having that intimate experience.

  The human animal is not good at making the distinction between what  I can share with my grandmother on face bought, my boss, or you, my  new best friend.

 -- Facebook.

 You are able to pick a smaller number  which is more manageable and a share the message.

 People are  looking for happiness.

 There are ways of scanning technology and the  businesses themselves can make money.

  GroupMe was hailed the application to watch.

  The experience of other breakout applications are to go by, it could  be one year before it is lost in Austen until found in the  mainstream.

 You can find out more on digital planet.

 It is online and  available as a pot cast right now.

 Let's talk about money.

 We all work  hard for hours.

 Sometimes it feels like it is slipping through our  fingers like said.

 Especially in these economically challenging  times.

 One person he is not challenged economic Glee is Kate  Russell, that is because she has some help from gadgets.

  I instilled chalice by my economics, but at least I know where my money  is disappearing now thanks to Toshl.

 A smart application for multiple  platforms.

 The basic application is free to use and provides you with  simple expenses input.

 There are personalised categories to keep  track of how you spend.

 One really nice feature is autosync through  the website interface.

 If you have a number of hand-held devices to  choose from, you can grab whatever is on hand first.

 You never know  when you have the urge to buy an outrageously expensive pair of  shoes.

 It is a simple solution to keep track of all your expenses.

  The power of this application comes with a subscription fee.

 It gives  you depart reporting and the ability to export to a number of  programmes.

 If that side has wet you're at it -  - appetite for numbers, have a look at this website of rapidly changing  statistics.

 Information from reputable sources Updates in real  time across a long list of topics.

 From the traditional birth, debts  and population numbers, to society and media, environmental and even  food.

 All topics that are becoming more and more important to the  modern world.

 I love the simplicity of this website.

 The numbers speak  for themselves.

 One thing that is missing is an Anne Begg code so you  can pour it on your own website or block.

 -- embed.

 This site provides  a free eight-track music next or with an impressive range of  instruments to play with.

 You do not need to be a virtuoso to use it.

  You build your tune by picking a court and then working your way  through the eight tracks until you have an ensemble that you are happy  with.

 It would be really nice to audition a court before you add it  to your song sheet.

 At the end of the day it is no great  inconvenience to delete something that does not work.

 The free  version does not let you mix or save your tunes.

 You are going to  be creating basic chord fragrances that are accessible through the  website interface.

 You can share your work with others through e-  mail.

 Watch out for spam catches if your invitation does not arrive.

  There is a reasonably priced subscription option.

 Giving you the  full range of music insurance and a sophisticated application.

 Checkout  the forum to see what can be achieved if you put your mind and  money behind it.

 We shake you earlier some of the  ways that technology and the internet can be used in the  aftermath of the global disaster.

 Bloggers are often quick to add a  more human perspective.

 This is a great place to go if you want to  find a good sources of information on to pen from the blogosphere or  anywhere else in the news.

 -- Japan.

 The blocks are translated into 30  languages.

 -- blogs.

 Monday is the fifth anniversary of  the first ever tweet.

 The guy who made that Twitter comment has been  going ever since.

 Remarkably, it took and eight days from starting  coding to be in ready to send the first Twitter comment.

 For a  company that is worth $10 billion, that is pretty good going.

 Do not  forget to turn of the latest security feature in settings.

 It'll  make sure your personal interaction with Twitter is not corrupted.

  Kate Russell, as always her legs are available at our website.

 You  will also find the least from our Japan report.

 Feel free to get in  touch about anything you have seen today.

  That's it for now.

 Thank you for Good morning.

 It was a cracking  start to the weekend yesterday.

 We had lots of sunshine and lots of  warmth as well.

 A slight change today, cloudier but staying mild.

  Hopefully the sunshine will help bring out a bit of a spring blossom  that we are creating for on the trees.

 This has been the story over  the last couple of hours, clouds spilling in from the west.

 It'll be  a chilly start here, there is a weather front moving in across  Ireland and pushing into western parts as we speak.

 That will weaken  substantially tomorrow.

 This is what is in prospect first thing if  you are up early enough, temperatures will sit close to  freezing in the south-east corner.

 There will be some outbreaks of  drizzly rain in western Scotland.

 North-east Scotland and England  should start off relatively dry.

 It should not be too bad, relatively  chilly.

 Cloud is relatively broken with some sunny spells coming  through.

 It to the south-west, it is a grey, misty start.

 It'll be  like that first thing in the morning.

 Further in the end not  quite as dull and damp.

 Northern Ireland, it is not quite  as bad, nine degrees in the morning.

 As the day continues we see little  in the way of change.

 The dampness will tend to ease somewhat.

 It  would be a dry affair and it will be reasonably well not -- milder,  particularly in the south-eastern corner.

 These are our numbers  between 10-13 degrees, slightly above average for this time of year.

  If you are heading off or watching the Premier League matches, both  the Sunderland and Chelsea matches should be dry with some sunshine  coming through.

 High pressure remains a feature of our weather as  we move through the week.

 The

 Food is not the biggest problem.

  But inside the hospital as we saw our own eyes the pressure the  doctors are operating under.

 They told us they could run out of  essential surgical supplies and drugs within about a four weeks  because they cannot keep pace with the volume of attacks and daily  casualties.

 Now we have this allegation that cluster bombs are  being used.

 Whether that is proven to be the case we know that  Gaddafi's forces are using the missiles.

 They have been raining  down on the city for the last three days.

 But when will the  international community follow-  As we approach the Royal wedding at  the end of the month, the government says it is considering  changes to the law that governs who can succeed to the throne.

 The  Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said the current system, which  means a male heir takes the throne, even if he has an older sister is  "a little old fashioned".

 Peter Hunt reports.

  An ancient law means if William and Kate's first child is a girl the  chances of her being Queen a greatly reduced.

 Some in the  government think that is unfair.

 think most people at this time  would think it is worth changing the rules so that they be girl  could then become the future monarch.

 I think that would be in  keeping with the changes that have done in society as a whole.

  Princess Anne had 60 years to get used to it.

 Why should we have  discrimination against women right at the top when we do not have  discrimination against women further down? But any change will  not be straightforward and it will not happen overnight.

 Australia and  14 other countries would need fresh legislation and would have to look  again at a three centuries-old law which bans the monarch from being a  Roman Catholic and marrying one.

 This is a tricky issue which the  Royals are leading to the politicians.

 Sources close to Nick  Clegg stressed it is not a priority so it is likely we will still be  debated when Kate Middleton gives  birth to her first child,  The Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has urged party activists to  "take the fight" to their Tory coalition partners in next month's  local elections.

 He said his party's councils had helped to  protect services better than Labour and Conservative ones and launched  a scathing attack on Labour  accusing them of putting politics  A six mile section of the M1 remains closed in both directions  after it was damaged yesterday by a fire at a scrapyard underneath the  carriageway.

 The Highways Agency says it hopes to reopen the  northbound lane, between junctions 1 and 4, by the time the FA Cup  semi-final finishes this evening.

 Significant delays are expected,  however.

 He has wrestled, posed with a tiger and even broken into  song, so what's left for Russia's Prime Minister, Vladimir Putin, to  raise his profile, in the run up to a possible bid for the Presidency  next year? The answer - ice-skating.

 Steve Rosenberg looks at Putin's  latest PR stunt.

 He may be unsteady on his feet but  then again, Vladimir Putin only learn to skate two months ago.

 And  already he is playing ice hockey.

 Well, with a group of children.

  This was his first public outing on the ice.

 Russia's Prime Minister  never misses an opportunity to surprise and showcase his sporting  talents.

 This is how Vladimir Putin likes to be seen, as an action man,  a sporting hero.

 Suddenly it has become more important than ever for  him to portray that image because in Russia the balance of power may  be changing.

 Until recently most Russians queued Prime Minister  Putin as the most powerful man in Russia.

 With Dimitri Medvedev  playing the role of junior partner.

 The double act really disagreed in  public, but they do now.

 The two men have clashed over the UN  Security Council resolution on Libya.

 They have had differences  over the trial of Mikhail Khodorkovsky and both have said  they might run for president next year.

 Dimitri Medvedev styles  himself as a more modern politician.

 Vladimir Putin as more Superman.

  Judo black belt, Formula One racing  Musical moments like this suggests  the former KGB agent may be trying to soften his image.

 He wants a  more glamourous image.

 To a large extent he wants to capture a  younger, more here, New Russian audience.

 The if he succeeds, then  at Number 11 could find himself  Sport here.

.

.

 Motherwell are  through to the final of the Scottish Cup after beating St  Johnstone 3-0.

 They'll take on Aberdeen or Celtic in the final.

  They play tomorrow.

 A crowd of less than 12,000 was at Hampden Park to  see Motherwell's comfortable win, as Andy Swiss reports.

  A disappointingly sparse crowd -- crowd for a historic match.

 Perth  st Johnstone have never reached a final and with a striker called  Danny Invincible, what could go wrong? Well, pretty much everything.

  After five minutes and they gave Motherwell the lead.

 Steven  Craigman with a goal, p 10, and 

 Good afternoon.

  The new Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have left for their  honeymoon.

 A short while ago, a helicopter with the couple on board  took off from Buckingham Palace to an as yet unknown location.

 It  follows yesterday's spectacular Royal Wedding.

  Watched by almost 19 million on the BBC.

  We have this report.

 After the clamour of yesterday, and  a night of privating, time to escape.

  Prince William and the Duchess of cage emerged to board a helicopter,  destination unknown.

 Whether they are departing immediately for a  honeymoon or spending the weekend somewhere in the United Kingdom is  not clear.

 Of course, that's exactly what the couple want.

 Above  all, they are hoping to spend the next two weeks, privately, before  William returns to his RAF documentis.

 So, from the lawns of  the Buckingham Palace, the royal helicopter whisked them away.

 It  will be some days or props several weeks before we see them again.

  The Buckingham Palace party for the couple's families and close friends  continued late into the evening.

 The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh  depart in the afternoon, deciding that this was an occasion for the  younger generation to everyone joy themselves.

 It meant that they  missed Prince Harry's best man speech.

 In the early hours of the  morning, some could be seen departing from the Palace, small  groups with little to say.

 REPORTER: Did you have a good time?  Yes, thanks.

 Opposite the palace in the  temporaryy studios set up for the wedding, the broadcasters worked  throughout the knight.

 And around the palace and along the  route from the Abbey, the job of clearing up was going on.

 Many  tonnes of rubbish by the estimated 1 million people who had come out  on to the streets of Central London.

 For the families at the centre of  it all, a day indeed to remember.

 The Windsors are used to it, but  the Middletons, seen here, there is the undoubted joy of seeing their  elder daughter marry, but perhaps a little concerned about the life  that lies ahead of her.

 A life that, officially, at least, began at  Westminster Abbey, when she made the transition from Kate Middleton  to Her Royal Highness, the Duchess of Cambridge.

  Nick, are we likely to find out where the royal couple have gone on  their honeymoon? I am sure that we will find out in due course.

 There  will be no problem about knowing what the destination is after they  have returned from it.

 There will not be any mystery about it in two  weeks' time, but as I said in the report, the uncertainty or the  complete absence of information as to where they have gone is  precisely as they wanted at this stage.

 Now it is conceivable that  they may have gone up to Balmoral.

 We don't know.

 That is where  Charles and Diana went to for their honeymoon.

 They may have gone there,  they may be spending the weekend somewhere in the United Kingdom  before going abroad next week, but we don't know, that, as I say, that  is what they want.

 Nick, the palace must be delighted with the Royal  Wedding, how it went.

 Both modern and traditional? Yes, I think that  they will be satisfied.

 It went smoothly in all of the details.

  It all went exactly as they had hoped that it would.

 In terms of  the image that has been project ected in this country and  internationally it is an image of this young couple, in love, now  taking on the burden of giving the monarchy in this country a mother  modern face.

 Nicholas, thank you very much.

  In Syria, the families of those killed during anti-government  demonstrations on Friday are expected to bury their relatives  today.

 Human rights campaigners say that more than 60 protesters were  killed in yesterday's demonstrations across the country.

  The United States has imposed sanctions on Syria in response to  the repression.

 The Libyan leader, Colonel Muammar  Gaddafi, has said he is prepared to observe a ceasefire and hold talks  with the rebels if the NATO halts attacks on his forces, but he  insisted that he would not stand down and go into exile.

  A make-shift ambulance that ferries the injured to hospital in Misrata.

  These are the latest casualties of the fighting between the rebels and  Colonel Gaddafi's forces.

 In the past two months hundreds of people  have died.

 Inside the hospital the doctors working around the clock in  often basic conditions.

 Not everyone can be saved.

 Friends and  relatives are left to mourn.

 Now NATO has accused Colonel  Gaddafi's forces of trying to block Misrata's last lifeline to the  outside world.

 Some vessels that we assume were  pro-Colonel Gaddafi were laying mines in the area of the harbour,  this is another clear demonstration of Colonel Gaddafis regime -- of  Colonel Gaddafi's regime to ignore international law.

 Also, an effort,  it must be seen, to prevent humanitarian assistance going into  the port of Misrata to help the beleaguered population and those  that need to be brought out.

 Colonel Gaddafi made no mention of  the accusation in his latest appearance on state television.

 He  called for negotiations with NATO to end coalition airstrikes on  Libya, but NATO hilt more targets in Tripoli.

 A sign that it is not  prepared to stop airstrikes any time soon.

 With the fighting in  Misrata continuing, the battle for the city and for Libya is far from  over.

 Two people have been killed in a  crash between a coach and a lorry on the M11.

 The collision happened  in the small hours of the morning between junctions eight and nine.

  Teleother people are being treat in hospital.

 The motorway is expected  to reopen later on this afternoon.

 Two people are appearing in court  after a violent demonstration in Bristol early on Friday morning.

 A  32-year-old man and a 17-year-old

 More than a quarter of a million  people demonstrate in central London against Government spending  cuts.

 A group of activists damage property and clash with police,  leaving five officers injured.

 There have been 75 arrests.

 But the  majority march peacefully to deliver their message.

 We're  showing the Government they can't dismantle our public services just  as easily as that.

 We'll fight them all the way.

  Libyan rebels recapture the town of Ajdabiya after Colonel Gaddafi's  forces are driven out by coalition air attacks.

  Police investigating the murder of Sian O'Callaghan say they have  found remains from a second body.

 And at the cricket World Cup,  delight for Sri Lanka but despair for England as they crash out of  Good evening.

 Organisers say more than 250,000 people from around the  country took part in today's demonstration in central London  against Government spending cuts.

 The march was largely peaceful but  breakaway groups attacked shops and businesses in the West End.

 75  people were arrested and 38 people were injured, including five police  officers.

 Tom Symonds has this report.

 They marched all afternoon,  those at the end arrive in several hours after those at the front.

 The  organisers say they stopped counting at 250,000.

 A family event  had been promised and that is what it was.

 Protesters, young and old.

  Many said they had been directly affected by public sector cuts.

 The  main TUC march was so peaceful, in some places it was policed by a  handful of officers.

 But in the afternoon, they began to follow  around 500 protesters, some with faces covered.

 The split from the  main march and began to attack Fireworks were thrown among  bystanders, including children.

 This is typical of what has been  happening this afternoon.

 We have seen banks and shops attack, lot of  items thrown including fireworks.

 I have seen a billiard ball thrown,  we have had paint thrown at us and we have been threatened by  protesters.

 Police are kind -- trying to keep control but it is  very mobile and so far continuing.

 Police largely decided not to  contain protesters in one area but there were still confrontations,  sometimes bloody.

 Despite the damage to buildings, the Met said  it was happy to the response.

 have been dealing with a quarter of  a million people protesting peacefully, we suspect is some  would attack but we do not have enough officers to protect every  building in London.

 Early evening and attention focused on the high  end food store here.

 The group UK On court, which calls for  businesses to pay more tax, had staged a mass occupation.

 There was  no violence but some were arrested.

 This is disorder was taking place a  mile from the main rally but many there would not have known what was  going on.

 The TUC leader said he bitterly regretted that it had  Ministers say the spending cuts are necessary to rebalance the nation's  finances, but addressing thousands of protesters in Hyde Park, the  Labour leader Ed Miliband condemned what he described as brutal cuts.

  They came by bike, on foot, with their families.

 Protesters poured  into London in their thousands, a coalition of causes standing up to  the cuts.

 This is quite uplifting, I have always avoided them.

 I have  never been in a position where I felt strongly enough to match  against anything.

 And now you do? Very much so.

 I am here for the  right of people that have been knocked off welfare benefits, and I  am fighting for our health service.

 If it was staggered maybe it would  be more acceptable, but the way they have gone about it is wrong.

  The march snaked through the capital towards a rally in Hyde  Park.

 We are here to send a clear message to the government.

.

.

  hear speakers demand an alternative to the Government's goal of  eliminating the budget deficit over the next five years with deep  spending cuts doing most of the work.

 One union leader said there  should be no cuts at all.

 Ed Miliband said his party would cut  the deficit more slowly.

 struggle is to fight to preserve,  protect and defend the things we value.

 We know what this government  will say - this government will say this is a march of the minority.

  They are so wrong.

 Ed Miliband said this was a march of the mainstream,  careful not to look like a union's man.

 The next month the cuts will  really start to be felt and there may well be more demonstrations  like this in the months ahead.

 Ed Miliband has tied himself to the  anti- cuts cause.

 The coalition argues that as long as he does not  say what he would do instead, the opposition is not credible.

 If we  were not taking the decisive action we are taking now, Britain would  have decades of our children and grandchildren picking up the bills  for our failure to deal with it now.

 The argument between the government  and Labour is over the pace of courts so they would be difficult  to stop, but today was proved they will not be popular.

  In Libya, French warplanes have destroyed seven Libyan military  aircraft at an airbase in Misrata.

 It comes as rebels, backed by  coalition air-strikes, retook the strategic town of Ajdabiya from  forces loyal to Colonel Gaddafi.

 It's the first town to fall back  into rebel hands since the allied attacks began, a week ago.

 Our  correspondent Ian Pannell is in Eastern Libya, and sent this report.

  If you want to know what liberation looks and sounds like, this is it.

  After weeks of fighting, the rebel flag flies again in Ajdabiya.

 Their  control of the east now looks complete.

 He came here to kill.

.

.

  This man has lived here all his life but it is the last 11 days,  under siege by Colonel Gaddafi's men, that he will never forget.

  Terrible.

 The situation is terrible.

 Can't live here with all of this -  all of Gaddafi's forces.

 Pushing them, scaring them.

 We are just  looking for freedom.

 This was Colonel Gaddafi's frontline, where  he sent his men to defeat the rebels of the east.

 But they were  no match for the allied planes that came and the air here is thick with  the stench of death.

 Many say the liberation of this town was only  possible because of the air strikes.

 There may have been designed to  help the civilians, but in fact they also helped the rebels take on  Gaddafi's forces.

 I feel happy, very happy.

 This is the first step  to follow on.

 Follow how far? Tripoli.

 All the way to Tripoli, we  will not give up.

 What the allies want is for the rebels to seize the  momentum and they are already pushing west.

 But it is far from  clear they are able to mount a serious campaign, and if they can't  it means a protracted engagement for Britain in Libya.

  There have been more protests in Syria today at the end of a week  that has seen dozens of demonstrators killed.

 Witnesses say  hundreds of people turned out on the streets of the city of Deraa.

  Earlier this week, security forces clashed with protestors there and  in the capital Damascus, sparking international condemnation of the  Syrian government.

 Police investigating the murder of  Sian O'Callaghan say they have found more human remains, this time  in Gloucestershire.

 Sian's body was found in Oxfordshire two days ago  after an extensive search.

 She went missing after visiting a Swindon  nightclub last weekend.

 A man was arrested on Thursday and shortly  afterwards police began looking for a second body, as Alison Moss  reports.

 This is where the police have been searching, a field in  Eastleach in Gloucestershire.

 All day yesterday officers sifted  through earth, this morning they found human remains they have been  looking for.

 They had been led here by a 47 year-old taxi driver named  as Chris Halliwell.

 He was arrested on Thursday at a supermarket in  connection with Sian O'Callaghan's disappearance.

 He first told police  were the 20 two-year-old could be found before telling them about  another body.

 He could not be specific about the dates but he  gave me the exact location of the body.

 He told me that a young woman  had been taken by him from the Swindon area, and this morning  officers have found remains which we believe to be human.

 Forensic  tests are being carried out this evening on those human remains.

 I  hear it in Swindon, Chris Halliwell remains in police custody.

  Detectives have been given until the early hours of Monday morning  to continue questioning him.

 Japanese officials say high levels  of radioactivity have been found in the sea near the damaged Fukushima  nuclear power plant.

 Levels of radioactive iodine were found to be  more than 1,200 times above the safety limit.

 More than a fortnight  on from the earthquake and tsunami, nearly a quarter of a million  people are still living in overcrowded temporary evacuation  centres.

 Roland Buerk reports from the town of Rikuzentakata in  northern Japan.

 For the people of the Rikuzentakata, the town has  shrunk to the size of a school hall.

 Neighbours lay next to each other,  piles of blankets have replaced the garden fence.

 There is no privacy  and the days have stretched into weeks.

 Contemporary houses are  being built in the playground.

 This woman and her son are hoping they  will get one, but there are just 36 homes and more than 1000 needy  people.

 Names will be drawn by lot.

 TRANSLATION: I have lost so many  friends.

 If I thought too much about it, I would not be able to  stop crying and this is not a time for tears.

 We must work hard.

  now it seems little has changed in Rikuzentakata.

 The priority is  finding the bodies of the dead before they can be any thought of  rebuilding.

 The question now is will anyone want to come back? If  you have ventured down from the school to look at whether houses  once stored, to search for treasured possessions.

 But few have  stayed for long, and this family have already decided they are never  moving back.

 Now, the sport.

 Fabio Capello has  put a testing week behind him as he watched his England side beat Wales  2-0.

 It puts them at the top of their qualifying group.

  The latest instalment in an ancient rivalry, and for the home fans a  chance to rediscover the spark that has been missing from Welsh  football.

 Concerns over captaincy may have dominated the build up,  but now it was time for the contest.

 An international derby with pride  at stake.

 In footballing terms, this pitched St David against  Goliath, the Welsh Cup set -- hopes of an upset suffered an early blow.

  Frank Lampard justified his selection with this penalty.

 It got  worse for Wales, this cross converted by Darren Bent.

 Wales  improved after the restart, Aaron Ramsey trying to lead by example,  but England were comfortable.

 Their only complaint was this laser pen  directed at Jack Wilshere.

 2-0 it stayed, a game negotiated with the  ease by the visitors.

 Fabio Capello will have had few regrets.

 This is  what England needed, a professional and polished performance that  reinvigorate their qualification campaign and allows their manager  to move on from recent turbulence.

 The England cricket captain Andrew  Strauss says they'll return home from the World Cup with their tail  between their legs after they were knocked out by Sri Lanka today,  thrashed in their quarter-final by 10 wickets.

 From Colombo, here's  Joe Wilson.

 Traffic often moves in every direction here at once, but  for a lucky few there was a route to the stadium.

 England got --  batted first, Strauss out for five.

 Jonathan Trott patiently made a  half-century, Owen Morgan helped him.

 Sri Lanka helped Morgan,  dropping the ball three times.

 England's innings never found  another gear late on.

 Jonathan Trott fell trying, England fell on  129.

 Sri Lanka did what England fail to do.

 Their openers made sure  they got ahead of the required run rate, even taking a wicket seemed  beyond England as the pair batted on past 100.

 Sri Lanka's victory  assured, just how quickly would it come? England monumentally ran out  of steam, the self-belief of the Ashes was banished with every ball  towards the boundary.

 They stage- managed the climax, winning the  game with 10 overs to spare.

 It has been a draining and thrilling  winter for England abroad but it ends here.

 They lead the World Cup  on fulfilled, and against Sri Lanka simply outclassed.

  Sebastien Vettel will be the man to catch in tomorrow's Melbourne Grand  Prix, the reigning Formula One world champion will start on pole  for the first race of the season.



 Good afternoon.

 Northern Ireland  police say a van left under a bridge on the main Belfast to  Dublin road contained a bomb, described as a very substantial  device.

 The vehicle was abandoned near Newry in County Down on  Thursday.

 Live now to Nick Higham  in Belfast.

 What more do we know?  Police are saying this was not only a substantial, but a viable device,  which they destroyed last night.

 We believe it may be bigger than the  300 pound bomb which destroyed the court house in Newry last year.

 The  Omagh bomb in 1998 which killed 9 people was a 500 pound bomb.

 So  this was very big.

 What is remarkable is drivers yesterday  were being allowed to go past the van in which the bomb was placed.

  The police had set up a cordon, but it was an unmanned cordon and  someone moved the cones and it is likely that police will be asked  about that at a briefing in Newry starting around now.

 All of this is  a week after PC Ronan Kerr was murdered and last night police  arrested a third man, a 33-year-old in connection with that bombing and  were given five more days to question two other men they  arrested.

 Several prominent figures have called for further action  after the owner of the News of the World, News International admitted  liability for a phone hacking scandal.

 A former senior policeman,  Brian Paddick, who believes his messages were intercepted, wants a  judicial review.

 Andy Moore reports.

 It is front-page news, though not  the kind Rupert Murdoch likes.

 The News of the World admitted eight  public figures had their voice mail hacked.

 It is people, ordinary  people who perhaps work for high- profile celebrities, who have been  blamed for leaking stories, the celebrities assumed these people  were leaking stories to the News of the World, selling their stories.

  And this has not happened.

 The news news says that these people were  targeted, like Tessa Jowell and other household names.

 The News of  the World said this man, the former correspondent, Clive Goodman was a  sole rogue reporter.

 But some say the ngs was flawed.

 The fact the  police now seem to be investigating, there has been two more arrests, I  have been interviewed for the first time as a victim of phone hacking,  shows that perhaps the initial investigation was not as thorough  as it should have been.

 Rupert Murdoch is making a takeovered by  for BSkyB.

 A spokesman said the row would have no affect on whether  that decision would go ahead.

 A Royal Navy serviceman is being  questioned by police investigating a fatal shooting on the nuclear  submarine HMS Astute in Southampton yesterday.

 A weapons engineer,  named locally as Lieutenant Commander Ian Molyneux, was killed  and another officer was wounded.

 Our correspondent, Robert Hall, is  in Southampton.

 Robert, what's the latest? Well this complex  investigation is still under way, very difficult for the police, they  have dozens of witnesses to interview and they have to piece  together the events which led up to the incident which took place 24  hours ago at a time when there was a routine change over of Senrys or  weapons.

 Normal for there to be an armed sentry on a ship in port.

  There have been names issued locally, they have not been  confirmed.

 Iain Molyneux was a weapons engineer involved with the  missiles, Chris Hodge is stable in hospital and he suffered gunshot  wounds.

 The man arrested has been named as able seaman Ryan Donovan.

  I stress those have not been confirmed.

 We expect a statement  from the Royal Navy later today.

 They will be talking about those  individuals.

 Thank you.

 The Ministry of Defence today named a  British soldier who has died almost a year after being injured by a  roadside bomb in Afghanistan.

 Colour Sergeant Alan Cameron from  1st Battalion Scots Guards was seriously injured by a bomb during  a foot patrol in Lashkar Gah last April.

 He was 42.

 In America,  Republicans and Democrats have reached a deal on spending cuts of  almost $40 billion - the largest in the country's history.

 Failing to  reach agreement would have meant the shut-down of all non-essential  government services, with hundreds of thousands of workers being sent  home.

 From Washington, Andrew North  reports.

 The idea that governments  can shut down does not make sense to a lot of people.

 But until  democrats and Republicans reached a compromise, it almost happened to  the United States government for the second time.

 Impleased that we  have been able to come an agreement that will cut spending and keep our  government open.

 Only hours earlier, Washington was preparing to close  down.

 With hundred of thousands of federal workers across the United  States due to be sent home without pay.

 Even the landmark Washington  monument would have had to shut.

 It was a relief for the president who  announced - eannounced that it wouldn't.

 Both sides had to make  tough decision and give ground on issues that were important to them.

  I certainly did that.

 This I still only a stop gap to keep the  government going.

 Democrats and Republicans have to meet again.

  There is relief that a a shut down has been averted, the consequences  could have been disastrous, but what is extraordinary is how little  US politicians have been arguing about.

 While the British government  is implementing double digit cuts the deal that they have reached  will reduce US government spending  by just 1%.

 Barely touching  America's ballooning national debt.

 Sebastian Vettel will start the  Malaysian Grand Prix on pole.

 He qualified ahead of Lewis Hamilton.

  Mark Webber starts third on the grid.

 Aintree racecourse is  preparing for its biggest Grand National crowd today.

 All the  tickets have been sold for the 164th race, because of what  officials are calling "The Tony

 jobs and benefits.

 Cuba is at a  Good afternoon.

 Rebels in the eastern Libyan city  of Benghazi are coming under sustained attack, while there has  been a defiant message from Colonel Gaddafi.

 There are attacks on the  streets of Benghazi.

 A warplane has crashed into the city.

  Meetings are being discussed in Paris with the European members.

  A spokesperson from Colonel Gaddafi says he is prepared to die and his  people are prepared to die with him.

 As the heavily populated city of  Benghazi came under sustained attack from the West, a warplane  flew over over head.

 It is not known which side it was on.

 It took  a hit.

 The last moments were captured on a camera, the pilot  bailing out too late for the parachute to open as the plane  crashed in a fire bawl.

 -- fire ball.

 Clear evidence of  attacks on Benghazi follows fighting in Misurata yesterday  after the Libyan government announced a ceasefire.

 The Libyan  leader, Colonel Muammar Gaddafi has issued two letters, conciliatory to  President Obama and more defiant to the UK, France and the UN in a  last-ditch attempt to defy his enemies.

  You will regret it, if you take a step to intervening in our internal  affairs, the affairs of our country.

 It is indeed our country.

  It is not your country.

 We could never and we would never  fire one bullet against our people.

 The chief of the defence staff,  General Sir David Richards and Liam Fox were among figures at a meeting  of COBRA.

 These Canadian jets at Glasgow's  Prestwick Airport last night, en route to the Mediterranean.

 The  French are signalling that they could launch the first raids today.

  After our summit, I think in the coming hours, I think that we will  be going to launch the military intervention.

  The Prime Minister was greeted on arrival at the crisis summit in  Paris by Nicolas Sarkozy.

 Both men know that Libyan government forces  have reached Benghazi and the air strikes are far more complex than  in the open desert.

 We will get the latest from that  summit in Paris with our Europe editor.

 First, Alan Little is in  Tripoli for us.

 Officially there was a ceasefire, what is the  government saying about it? government is saying that is  respects the United Nations Security Council resolution and  intends to honour its obligations as a full member of the United  Nations.

 However, there is, as you heard, in  that report, there is a defiant rhetoric coming from Colonel  Gaddafi himself, saying to David Cameron and to Nicolas Sarkozy  explicitly, that this is not their country, nobody gave them the right  to interfere in the affairs of Libya, that they are prepared to  stand and die there.

 On the one hand, offering the international  community this assurance that they are prepared to meet the terms of  the United Nations Security Council and at the same time blaming the  international community, especially Britain and France for ignoring the  fact that Libya is doing its best to abide by obligations under that  resolution.

 So no mention at all of what is happening in Benghazi.

  Gavin Hewitt is in Paris, that summit was hastily organised, how  much agreement is there on what they should do next? Well, in the  last half an hour, David Cameron has arrived.

 He went into a  bilateral meeting with Nicolas Sarkozy.

  Then they were joined by Hillary Clinton, the three of them are  talking at the moment.

 They are analysing what is going on in  Benghazi, what it means, does it really reflect the fact that there  is not a ceasefire going on and what role, precisely, are the  Libyan forces playing in this? But before the meeting one French  ambassador was briefing that they expected some kind of military  action to take place within hours of people leaving here.

 There are  going to be over ten heads of Government here, also the Arab  League and the Secretary General of the United Nations, they will have  to answer one question: Is Colonel Gaddafi come plying with the UN  resolution? On that answer, may depend if there will be military  action in the in connection 24 hours.

  Thank you very much.

 The army in Bahrain has demon --  demolished the Pearl roundabout in the capital, Manama.

 On Wednesday,  the security forces overran the protest camp there.

 Five people  were killed in the clashes, also two policemen.

 In Japan, workers  are close to restoring power to the cooling systems at the stricken  Fukushima Daiichi power plant.

 There is concern of radiation  levels in food produced around the plant.

  Better news today from the nuclear plant at Fukushima.

 Electrical  powers have been partially restored, but they are still pumping water  from the fire trucks.

 The reactors that are worst-damaged do not have  power yet.

 This is the best way to keep them cool.

  Japanese shoppers have been warned that radiation's been detected in  spinach and milk produced outside of the exclusion zone around the  plant.

 Here, the people were not that worried, though.

  TRANSLATION: Because of the nuclear explosion, I have heard that that  there could be danger, but I'm not overly concerned.

  TRANSLATION: It is not as if I can run away anywhere.

 I don't feel  that much personal danger yet.

 And the government is playing down  the risks as well.

 TRANSLATION: Products including  milk and food products, there have brch dedected radiation levels.

 --  there have been detected radiation levels.

  There will be about one gram of CT scanned.

  The amount of radiation found in the food is small.

 It is above the  legal limit for Japan, but blow what would be regarded as dangerous.

  That distinction, though, will probably not get through to people.

  What they will be hearing is that Japanese food has been contaminated.

  Prince William is visiting the

 to Jon Sopel.

 -- that is all for  Thousands of demonstrators defy a curfew in Egypt to continue their  protest against President Mubarak.

 They take to the streets for a  sixth day but there is little sign tonight of political change.

  More than 100 people have been killed in the protests and  demonstrations across Egypt.

 Pro- government forces still using live  ammunition against their people.

 Fighter jets in the skies over  Cairo as America urges what it calls an "orderly transition" in  Egypt.

 Events are moving fast.

 We will be  there live for the latest.

 Also tonight: Andy Murray is beaten  in the final of the Australian Open but he is philosophical in defeat.

  It will be tough for sure for a few days, but I want to win one, of  course, but if it doesn't happen, Good evening.

 Tensions are rising  in the centre of Cairo as military jets make repeated low-level  flights over the city's central square.

 Thousands of people have  gathered there for a sixth day of protests against President Mubarak.

  Reports say the opposition leader Mohammed ElBaradei has joined the  demonstrators in Tahrir Square.

 We go live to Wyre Davies in Cairo now.

  It's been another extraordinary day of tension and chaos across Egypt.

  It ended tonight with fighter jets buzzing low over the crowds in the  city centre, but it had begun at daybreak with thousands of  demonstrators saying they wouldn't be intimidated.

  Sunday has provided some of the most powerful images of this  popular uprising.

 In central Cairo, an army officer was carried on the  shoulders of cheering protesters, within sight of his own tanks.

 At  times, the army and the protesters appear to be on the same side but  it's a precarious situation and President Mubarak may yet order his  troops to turn against these demonstrators.

 That would lead to  more of this, Egyptians being killed and injured on the streets  of their own capital.

 More than 100 people have been killed in the  protests and demonstrations across Egypt.

 Pro-government forces still  using live ammunition against their people and this is where many of  them are being treated, in a makeshift hospital, a former mosque  in the heart of Cairo.

 This man was shot in the neck today by pro-  government police at a demonstration at the Interior  Ministry.

 Working without anaesthetic, volunteers are working  here around-the-clock.

 Doctors here are making very, very great efforts,  they are using very, very little equipment and no facilities from  this place only.

 50 people killed.

 We have information from the other  hospitals around us, there is much larger numbers.

 How this uprising,  this revolution, develops is impossible to say.

 There is an  uneasy truce between the people and the army.

 But just before curfew,  two Air Force jets flew low repeatedly over the crowds in the  main square.

 On a day of extraordinary symbols in Egypt,  this a clear message from a government which isn't backing down.

  That curfew has been in place now for several hours, but there are  still people on the streets, there are still tanks on the street, and  also the vigilantes trying to stop the looting that marred the city  last night.

 These are still very tense days across Egypt.

 You said  in your report that it was very difficult, if not impossible, to  predict what will happen.

 What about your feelings there this  evening and let's say the next couple of days? Well, many  commentators have said this is a pivotal night because we have moved  quite far now.

 Hosni Mubarak is refusing to stand down, the people  are refusing to stand down as a body.

 Tonight, the opposition  leader, Mohammed ElBaradei, has gone to the main square in defiance  of the curfew, in defiance of the government, and he has addressed  the people and he has told them, "You have won back your rights,  change will come.

" Whether that change will come in the next day or  in the next couple of days, we will have to wait and see.

 Mr Mubarak is  determined to hang on to power, but the people below me are determined  to act for change.

 Wyre Davies, thank you.

  More protests have been going on in Alexandria.

 John Simpson is there  and on the phone for us now.

 Bring us up-to-date, what is the latest  that you know is happening? There is another demonstration tonight,  about 3,000-strong, not stopping anywhere, keeping on the move all  the time with the tanks and the armoured personnel carriers in  strong support all around them.

 But nevertheless, allowing them to go  on even though they are contravening the curfew that has  been enforced for some hours now, nearly four hours.

 It is impossible  for us to see this for ourselves because my team and I have been  arrested, we are being held at a hotel in the city and our car has  been impounded.

 Nevertheless, it does look from this vantage point  as though what's been happening, for instance the huge  demonstrations that took place yesterday here in the city haven't  really quite been replicated today.

 There have been big demonstrations.

  I saw one with the funeral of two men who had been shot dead on  Friday.

 Nevertheless, it didn't have the numbers, it didn't have  somehow the force and the government's plan is clearly to  allow people to let off steam, but hoping that gradually they will get  sick of all the confusion and all the disruption that this causes.

  John, you have seen so many uprisings, what is your hunch about  this one? I hate to put it on the line so clearly.

 My hunch is that  the big demos will gradually fade and that Mubarak having decided not  to go will be able to tough it out probably at the cost of his own job  in the end.

 I don't suppose he can really continue very easily.

 But he  won't be chased away like the President of Tunisia was.

 That is a  guess.

 You know, the other thing that happens when you have seen a  lot of these things is to know that early guessing is usually not very  accurate so I can't stand by that.

 Thank you very much indeed.

  The United States has again called on the Egyptian President to make  further concessions to the protesters.

 Hillary Clinton, the  Secretary of State, said America wanted to see an "orderly  transition" to democracy in the country.

  The view of Egypt from state television today.

 President Hosni  Mubarak is shown at a military command centre flanked by his new  Vice-President and defence chiefs.

 The President also swears in a  couple of new provincial governors hoping that changes in government  will be enough to perpetuate his rule.

 But for the crowd, their  President simply doesn't get it.

 He remains their principle target,  they insist he must go.

 There is an undercurrent of anger against the  United States, too, accused of propping up a man these people see  as a dictator.

 Washington is stressing its fear of extremists  taking power in Egypt.

 We want to see an orderly transition so no-one  fills a void, that there not be a void, that there be a well thought  out plan that will bring about a democratic government.

 In the midst  of all this, at Cairo hotels and at the airport, British nationals are  trying to follow new Foreign Office advice to leave the capital.

 But  the Foreign Secretary is worried by reports he is getting of chaos  there.

 The position at Cairo airport at the moment, with a lot  of people trying to leave, is the main thing causing me the greatest  concern about the position of British nationals.

 We have sent  extra staff to try to deal with that situation at the airport.

  the future for Egypt still so precarious and unpredictable,  foreign governments insist it is not for them to determine the  outcome.

 And all the evidence suggests this does remain  overwhelmingly a struggle for power among Egyptians themselves.

  Well, Egypt is a popular holiday destination.

 Many tourists head for  Sharm el-Sheikh.

 Our correspondent, Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, is there.

  The impact of the dramatic events we have been hearing about where  you are? Well, it's a very different situation here from the  situation in Cairo.

 Here, we drove the 500 kilometres, about 300 miles,  from Cairo to here today and experienced very little problem  along the way.

 Sharm el-Sheikh is quiet, it is calm, I'm in a resort  hotel here, there's a party going on not far away from where I am  standing.

 So people are going on with their holidays as normal here  at the moment.

 Flights are coming in-and-out of the airport at Sharm  el-Sheikh without any problem at all.

 Tourists, British tourists  that I have spoken to here have expressed concern about what is  going on elsewhere in the country, but they are not frightened, they  don't feel there is any imminent threat to them.

 Some are worried  that flights might be cancelled, or the airport could be closed if the  situation elsewhere gets worse.

 But here on the ground, at the moment,  there's no sense at all of any crisis in Sharm el-Sheikh.

 Thank  you very much.

 For continuous updates on the  situation in Egypt, there is a special live page on bbc.

co.

uk/news.

  Now time for the big sport of the day, including a defeat for  Britain's number one tennis player.

 Andy Murray was aiming to become  the first British man to win a Grand Slam singles title in almost  75 years.

 Instead, the Scot is reflecting on a disappointing  straight sets defeat by Novak Djokovic in the Australian Open  final.

 He's now lost all three major finals he's played in.

  It's been a good southern summer for the Balmy Army.

 Would Andy  Murray's Tartan Army enjoy the same success? For the second final  running, there was a Hogmanay feel to Melbourne Park.

 After 75 years,  this is it.

 100%! Come on, Andy! This was Andy Murray's third shot  at ending a Grand Slam losing streak that started during the  Great Depression and has caused one pretty much ever since.

 His  opponent, the Serb, Novak Djokovic, a friend as well as a rival, not  that you would have guessed it from the way the Scot was bullied from  the start.

 The third seed dominating the fifth, a Grand Slam  winner offering a tutorial in how to exert pressure in a final.

 The  intense Mel pwhorn heat was thought to -- Melbourne heat was thought to  favour Murray, but it was the super-cool Serb who took the first  set.

 The players were born a week apart.

 Murray is slightly older.

  But he was made to look very much the junior as Djokovic repeatedly  broke his serve.

 Two sets down, Murray mounted the briefest of  comebacks.

 But this was not to be a night for his Brave heart roar.

 He  went out with a wimper.

 For the third Grand Slam final running he  lost without winning a set.

 It is not something I don't lose sleep  over at night.

 It will be tough for sure, for a few days, but I want to  try and win one.

 If it doesn't happen, it doesn't happen.

 I'm  working as hard as I can, I train very hard.

 The die-hard still were  singing, but their man had been outplayed.

 With Rafael Nadal and  Roger Federer out of the tournament, this was Andy Murray's big chance,  but he couldn't beat the world's number three.

 So a sense of  anticlimax and a feeling again of deja vu.

 Next year, son.

 Next year,  Andy.

 The conditions should have been good tonight for the end of  the Grand Slam drought.

 Alas, the big dry still continues.

  It was a day of British defeats down under.

 While Murray was losing,  England's cricketers were being beaten by Australia in Brisbane.

  Australia lost the Ashes, so Shane Watson's opening ball shot for four  spoke of hurt pride.

 While Michael Clarke came out with two wickets  down, he was booed by the home crowd.

 He responded with a half-  century.

 The performance of the innings came from an Englishman,  Chris Woakes, in only his second One Day International, he took six  wickets.

 Australia were restricted to 249 runs.

 Once again, England's  batting ran the -- batting failed.

 Kevin Pietersen displayed a small  measure of class.

 By the time England had eight wickets down,  hope had evaporated.

 Tellingly, it took England's number 11 to show  the full-time batsmen how to do it.

 It was too late.

 England have lost  the series.

 It is not the best preparation for next month's World  Cup.

 Notts County came close to causing  an upset against Manchester City in the fourth round of the FA Cup this  afternoon.

 Neal Bishop scored for County, who are England's oldest  football club.

 But City, who are billed as the world's wealthiest  club, equalised through Edin Dzeko.

 In the day's other fourth round  results Arsenal needed a Cesc Fabregas penalty to beat League  One's Huddersfield Town 2-1, and Victor Obinna scored a hat-trick  for West Ham, as they beat Nottingham Forest 3-2.

 Fulham are  4-0 up against Tottenham.

 The draw for the fifth round has  been made and the pick of the ties is non-league Crawley's trip to Old  Trafford to play the Premier League leaders, Manchester United.

  In Scotland, Rangers are through to the final of the Scottish League  Cup.

 They beat Motherwell 2-1, with the American midfielder, Maurice  Edu, opening the scoring.

 Rangers will face their Old Firm rivals,  Celtic, in the final.

 There was one match in the Scottish  Premier League.

 Craig Conway was on the score sheet for Dundee United  as they beat Hibernian 3-0.

 The result moves United into sixth and  leaves Hibs still without a goal this year.

 Finally, a man who fell  1,000 feet from a summit of a mountain near Ben Nevis has  survived with minor injuries.

 Adam Potter was one of a party of  walkers who just reached the top when he lost his footing.

  Any way you look at it, Adam Potter, a climber from Glasgow, is a very  lucky man.

 With just cuts, bruises and minor fractures to his back, he  is now able to explain the details of the slip which could have cost  him his life.

 I was slipping down on ice and snow and then I tried to  lose some speed at that point, but it was very difficult, my speed  gathered pace very quickly.

 But then I would go over a cliff edge  and so any speed I had lost immediately came back because I was  falling.

 It was in this area of the West Highlands that the accident  happened.

 It is hugely popular with climbers, even in the winter months  when there are added dangers.

 Climbing a peak of nearly 3,600  feet a few miles to the east of Fort William, Adam Potter had just  reached the summit when he lost his footing.

 His rescuers found him  still in shock but on his feet

 back on Monday, there is more at  Welcome to Midlands Today.

 The headlines tonight: A tour  operator should have warned holidaymakers about sickness at a  foreign resort, says a judge.

 Nearly 50 of them fell dangerously  ill.

 It was clear from the judgment that there were problems at the  hotel, yet the tour operator, knowing that, was still sending  people out there.

 Ahead of a referendum in May, a new  way of voting.

 And the rise of the app on our  smart phones.

 How they are being used even to order a coffee.

  And no more braving the elements.

 This is apparently the way to keep  fit.

 In all walking! -- indoor Good evening and welcome to  Friday's Midlands Today.

 Tonight, justice at last for 49  holidaymakers struck down by sickness on holiday in the  Mediterranean.

 After an eight-year legal battle, tourists who  contracted a serious illnesses at a hotel in Majorca are now in line  for compensation.

 In what has been described as a  landmark ruling, the judge said that one of the biggest tour  operators in Britain had been motivated by commercial  considerations.

 It is unbelievable the amount of  paperwork we have on this.

 It was their first real family holiday.

  But for the family Mac from Hanworth it turned into the holiday  from hell, and they were not alone.

 -- the Palins.

 It was not just us.

  It was 49 people, a group case.

 If it was that many people at one  hotel who are ill, we are not all making it up.

 There was something  wrong.

 They had thrown -- flown to Majorca for a fortnight at the  three-star Hotel Hotel Son Baulo.

 But Dad Nigel, and son Joshua, then  aged 22 months, fell violently ill.

 It knocks you off your feet.

 You  have the worry of your children, and you want to get out of the  country and get home.

 It was not a nice experience.

 The sickness was  traced to the swimming pool.

 The bugs were identified as Salmonella  and Cryptosporidium.

 After a lengthy legal battle, nearly eight  years on, holidaymakers have finally won their claim for  personal injury.

 During a ten-day trial, experts criticised the  Hotel's standards of hygiene in and around the swimming pool.

 But the  harshest criticism was reserved for Thomson for continuing to so --  send holidaymakers to the resort knowing there was a problem.

  argued that you cannot get rid of the E L noes outside of the --  Salmonella and Cryptosporidium outside the swimming pool.

 -- they  argued.

 But the judge proved that it could be removed.

 In a statement,  They add that they are considering an appeal.

 The Palins have a  daughter now, Jasmine is nearly 18 months old.

 Because of their  experience they say they will not take her abroad until she is much  older.

 A hearing to decide the amount of  compensation is likely to be held in about six weeks.

 Listening to  that was Andy Tomlinson, who owns Sutton Travel in Birmingham.

 Thanks  for coming in.

 Your reaction? Firstly it is great news for the  holidaymakers that after eight years the case has been resolved at  last.

 Subject to Thomson appealing, it looks like a finely have the  answer they are looking for, good news.

 We found out today that the  judge seemed to be hinting that the companies have been greedy, when  they knew there was a problem.

 think what we have seen in recent  years is that, when there has been similar situations like this, where  hotels have had issues, more and more we are seeing holidaymakers  actually being moved to alternative hotels before they go.

 I am sure  that after today's when we will see more of that, to avoid future  compensation claims.

 Nowadays, people can book direct but they do  not then have the safety net of going through a travel operator.

  That confidence must have been shattered with this ruling? It is  very important for travel operators to give the consumer a reason to  book with them.

 I am sure that today's decision will make a  difference, and it is important even today we have seen that Thomas  Cook have repatriated five planeloads of people from Tunisia  given the situation there.

 So it is still important that people book  through a tour operator or travel agent.

 Thanks for your time.

  Still ahead, Dion Dublin on why it is up to the players to lift Aston  Villa clear of the relegation dogfight.

 I would be disgusted if  Villa went down.

 A club of this size, and the fan base, and money,  I think Mr Lerner has done a The family of a Birmingham  schoolgirl who died of tuberculosis have instructed lawyers to  investigate whether the NHS was to blame.

  Alina Sarag, 15, had been treated for latent tuberculosis in 2009  after an outbreak at her school.

 But she became ill again and her  family say she was only diagnosed on the day she died.

 Sarah Falkland  reports.

 Still in shock.

 She has just  attended her daughter's funeral.

 Alina Sarag died from TB in  Birmingham Children's Hospital on 6th January.

 She became ill and  remained ill.

 She said that her daughter had a very short life, and  we do not wish this to happen to any other child, or any other  family.

 After an outbreak at her school in April 2009, Alina Sarag  had been diagnosed with latent TB, a condition which 10% of patients  then go on to have active tuberculosis.

 She took antibiotics  diligently according to her parents but after a trip to Pakistan she  told her GP she was suffering with coughing and vomiting.

 She was  extremely poorly, which is why we want answers.

 Presumably the family  had mentioned her having TB and it was on her record? They had all  that information to hand.

 family say that, over the course of  five months, she was treated at the Birmingham chest clinic and other  West Midlands hospital.

 They claimed she was only diagnosed with  TB on the day she died.

 The death of Alina Sarag here in Sparkbrook  has touched on a huge problem.

 Tuberculosis is on the rise in  Birmingham and the West Midlands as a whole, and is particularly  prevalent in areas like this where there are many immigrant families.

  In 2009 there were almost 1,000 cases in the West Midlands, an  increase of 45% since the year 2000.

 Lena was a fun-loving girl.

 She  loved life and was very fashion- conscious, very outgoing.

 Very  energetic.

 She will be sadly missed The heart of Birmingham teaching  primary Care Trust has promised there will be a full review into  Alina Sarag's death, including all agencies involved in her case.

  The battle lines are being drawn for a referendum which could  produce a revolution in the way we elect our MPs.

 Voters will be asked  if they want to replace the present system with a fee, the Alternative  Vote.

 -- AV.

 This is how it would work.

 Voters  choose the candidate they want but also give a second and third choice.

  The candidate who polls the list is eliminated and then the second  choices come into play.

 Eventually one candidate gets more than 50% of  the vote.

 Our reporter Liz Copper has spoken to a veteran politician  who has already experienced the First past the post, the  traditional way of deciding winners in parliamentary elections for  centuries.

 But could the Alternative Vote over take a bus  pass the post, as our favoured system? -- overtake first past the  post.

 Here, as with Alternative Vote, in Stoke-on-Trent's mayoral  elections, voters rank people in preference.

 When no one got more  than 50% of the vote, second preferences were considered.

 In  2002, George Stephenson won the first round but when second choices  were considered he was eliminated.

 He has now retired to the Spanish  coast and now favours change.

 take the best of first past the  post and amend it with a fee, and I think that would give a much fairer  and than the electoral system.

 -- unmended it with a three.

  winner of that election was independent candidate Mike Wolfe,  who vowed to shake up politics.

 When he made his victory speech, he  spoke in the same hall about saying that he still things change is  necessary.

 What I think Alternative Vote does is give you a different  candidates like me, not the same old party hacks that you get under  a traditional system.

 The odds, though, on a change are not certain.

  Opinion polls have not shown whether the yes or no campaign are  firmly in the lead.

 Conclusions have been drawn suggest that plenty  of people don't yet understand how all Alternative Vote will work and  significant numbers of electors have not decided how they will vote  in the referendum.

 And the pollsters think the no campaign has  got off to a strong start.

 problem with the alternatives is  that you end up with mushy, collisions -- with mushy collisions,  where the same politicians, civil servants ate the to have the power,  rather than directly accountable members of parliament.

 How close  this contest will run is likely to depend on the quality of the  campaigns.

 It could take a huge effort to unseat the traditional  first past the post system.

 Some of our local MPs are expected  to have starring roles on both sides of this debate as campaigning  gets under way for the first UK- wide referendum in 36 years.

 It was  one of the Lib Dems main conditions for joining the coalition last May.

  Patrick Burns joins us now.

 This Alternative Vote system, it is  still quite a long way away from proportional representation.

 What  really are the differences? According to the Electoral Reform  Society, it would not make that much difference at all.

 As you  suggest, they have been crunching the numbers following the General  Election, and say that in our region, under Alternative Vote, the  Conservatives would have had two fewer MPs, Labour won more and the  Lib Dems are unchanged.

 So it does not exactly changed the world but  it would introduce a thereupon -- form of politics.

 They asked  whether it can be right for two thirds of our MPs to have under 50%  of their vote.

 But campaigners say on the other hand it will give us  firm government.

 They also say that it would make politics timid.

  Parties would look over their shoulders all the time, be all  things to all people.

 Saying that our MPs will feature prominently in  this, how is it shaping up? According to YouGov, first past the  post has a 9% lead.

 Richard Burden, the Labour MP for Birmingham  Northfield, has his work cut out.

 He chairs the parliamentary  electoral reform group.

 Along with he is on the other side of the  argument, they will be live on the politics show on Sunday at noon on  BBC One.

 The a complicated subject, it will be good to have  clarification.

 Patrick, the referendum is in May.

 When will we  have the result? If it all goes to plan, we will vote on May 5th, and  the count will come through on the There is more about this on  Patrick's blog.

 Halfords shares have dropped  sharply, by 15%.

 The fall was expected by the company, whose head  office is in Redditch.

 It registered a loss in profits  because of poor sales over Christmas.

 Halfords says fewer  people bought bicycles.

 A serious case review is to be held  into the death of a toddler by Birmingham's Safeguarding Children  Board.

 Two year-old Keanu Williams was taken to hospital from a house  in the Ward End area on Sunday evening.

 A post-mortem examination  on Tuesday found he'd died of non accidental injuries.

 A 29 year-old  man and a 22 year-old woman being questioned in connection with  Keanu's death have been released on police bail.

  One trend for the New Year is an application -- an explosion in the  number of applications, it or apps, which are being used for everything  from plumbing to ordering a coffee.

 Be even have won at Birmingham  Cathedral.

 I wouldn't like to get the impression that I don't know  what an app is, but for the benefit of people who don't know, can you  explain? Of course, for the people who don't know! Smartphones like  this are perfectly capable of surfing the internet, because --  but it isn't a very pleasant experience because it is very small.

  Apps make the experience slightly easier.

 The phone can do things a  computer can't.

 For example, it knows your location.

 So there has  been a Dist -- an explosion in the number of these apps.

 And now  Birmingham Cathedral has joined them.

 Is this a flash in the pan or  the technological breakthrough? Have Birmingham copy shop which is  leading the at pre-Revolution.

 are the first in Europe and the  second in the world, way you can order your coffee over the cap.

  There will be a huge sign saying app order service, and they will be  able to go straight there and take it.

 Major order, and it appears  behind the counter for the assistance to start work on.

 People  here clearly have enough money for posh coffee and smartphones, so you  might think apps only appeal to yuppies with Apples and BlackBerrys.

  But in fact all sorts of organisations are now releasing  their own applications.

 This Stafford company is about to launch  its first app, to help plumbing engineers and install the right  expansion vessel for solar heating systems.

 It replaces a cardboard  calculator.

 It is important get the right size piece, because of it is  too small, it is no good and if it is too big it is too expensive.

  These guys are small enough to do this.

 There is already the service  on digital TV and other Cancellara designing an apt to replace it.

  Some people don't think they can afford the broadband connection  charges, but most people have a mobile phone or and digital  television.

 So all Birmingham's channels are available via Sky and  Virgin on their digital televisions, and now we have taken that further  and made an application available on the iPhone.

 And now an apt for  Birmingham Cathedral.

 Mostly it is people in this country, so we are  hoping it is people in Birmingham or people who might come and visit  the cathedral in Birmingham, but also from around the world.

 We have  had downloads in America and Europe and in Korea.

 For a coffee to  cathedrals, these days, apps are apparently for everybody.

 We think  the Birmingham Cathedral app is probably the first free Cathedral  app anywhere in the world, which is pretty impressive.

 It isn't just a  diary of events.

 If you can't get here for the service, you can  listen again on your phone.

 Clever stuff! But, David, you have  been looking for the most useful Midlands app.

 How is that going?  Yes, we want to hear what your favourite Apsara.

 If you are a  developer, perhaps tell us what you're working on in this new field.

  Get in touch with me by my blog.

 We have already had some really  interesting suggestions today.

 Maybe you could leave a few  comments as well, telling us that if you think this is exciting for  just a trendy flash-in-the-pan.

 Thank you.

 He is really getting the  hang of this technical stuff now! Still to come: With more pubs  closing every day, is this the answer? The part of which brings it  as a cinema.

 -- the pub which thinks it is a cinema.

  So, how are the new year's resolutions going, particularly  those promises to get fit outdoors? It isn't that easy to get motivated  when it is raining like it is at the moment.

  So how about indoor walking? It is already very popular in America and  now it has arrived in Stoke-on- Trent.

  Thank you for coming.

.

.

 And they are off, the latest recruits to  indoor walking.

 It is non-stop for the next half an hour in the  Potteries Shopping Centre air in Stoke-on-Trent.

 The weather hasn't  be conducive to walking outdoors.

 People have expressed an interest  in indoor walking.

 And you can't blame them.

 Pat normally ranges  outdoor walks, but the grey sky and a handy today was hardly welcoming,  sever many here, an indoor walk is a warm alternative.

 I have seen  shops I didn't know existed! Also, if the weather is inclement, it is  a brilliant idea.

 We don't prefer to walk outside? We have done.

  prefer that to be honest, but this is a start.

 This is an American  idea, and their shopping malls are vast, but even here today, in half  an hour we have walked a mile and a half.

 It isn't very vigorous  exercise.

 Who is it for? Anybody who wants to join us.

 We appreciate  that not everybody can go up at the front of the walk.

 The there is  also the sociability aspect of walking, which has been researched  at Staffordshire University.

 Even if you are not getting your  moderate a vigorous activity, if you have that social interaction,  it improves your mental well-being and could only be a good thing.

  Back inside, and a few of the shops are looking familiar.

 Do you not  get bored walking round in circles? Not at all.

 We are in a group but,  so it is a dual thing.

 It is holistic.

 And you need a strong  will.

 There is no stopping for food or shopping, at least not until the  hard work is done.

 Most women do that anyway.

 I have  never heard it called holistic before! It is a great idea.

 But you  have to walk pretty quickly to burn those calories.

  Dan is here that the sport.

 You have a bit of news about the Blues.

  A yes, they have been doing some shopping as well.

  Birmingham City have agreed to pay £6 million for striker Robbie Keane.

  The former Wolves striker will initially cost the Blues £4 million,  but that could rise to £6 million, depending on his performances.

 He  is now 30 and has over 100 caps for the Republic of Ireland.

  Meanwhile, Stoke City are close to striking Demba Ba -- signing Demba  Ba from a German side Hockenheim for £6 million.

  For the rest of our Premier League teams, it is very tense and very  tight.

 Just one point between them all at the foot of the table.

  Anxious times for West Bromwich Albion, who play back wall, and  Wolves, who visit Manchester City.

 And on Sunday the second city derby.

  In the shadow of the Villa ground, the kids from Manor Park Primary  are enjoying a kick around.

 This plastic pitch in Aston Park is one  of 200 Spaces For Sports sites around the country.

 And it's here  that Dion Dublin is already looking forward to Sunday's crunch game at  St Andrew's.

 I used to love the derbies, because you had to really  concentrate and still score goals.

 I think it is going to be down to  the players alone if we go down, just the players.

 They have enough  quality to get out of this mess.

 Back in the autumn, when the teams  drew 0-0 at Villa Park, everyone seemed very relaxed.

 Relegation  seemed unthinkable.

 But how times change.

 Villa are in the bottom  three, and they won only once away from home.

 Blues have one point  more.

 But they've scored only nine goals at home, the lowest in the  Premier League.

 So they've got great expectations for their new  signing from Spurs.

 It is very passionate, with the rivalry  between the two.

 The great game to be involved in.

 He is certainly  saying the right things, but as Ron Atkinson always says, don't tell me,  So how about one of these to mark his Birmingham debut? Because David  Bentley knows what it's like to score a vital goal against the arch  enemy in a big city derby.

 And much to Dion Dublin's surprise, not  everyone wearing a claret top today will be supporting the Villa on  Sunday.

 I think Birmingham City will win.

 Aston Villa, 3-1.

 Then a  man City 5-1.

 Aston Villa, 3-2.

 hope there are lots of goals.

 I  hope we naked as by one! -- Nick it And Late Kick-Off returns on Monday  night.

 Manish Bhasin and Robbie Savage will be here.

 Special Report  on Coventry City and Port Vale, and all the goals from the Midlands'  Football League Cups.

 And Jamie Cope is already through  to the semi-finals of the World Masters.

  This weekend, you might want go to the pub, and you'll be pleased to  know that the rate of pub closures is at last slowing down.

 Last  summer, 39 pubs last week were shutting for good.

 That has now  slowed to 29.

 Publicans have tried many ways of  staying open - meal deals, Coburn the nights, even doubling up as the  village shop.

 --, the night.

 Now one has started up as a local  cinema.

 A year ago, the public might -- the  Old Fighting Cocks was derelict.

 But now curtains closing is a sign  of good things to come.

 The Friday afternoon crowd are ushered  upstairs, with their pints, about enter one of the country's smallest  cinemas.

 The idea is to create and 1960s dull viewing.

 A you have a  room you come to, relax, it is superb.

 I can't express how  overjoyed I am at having something like this.

 Something different at  night.

 It is brilliant for the local town.

 The seats were bought  cheaply on the internet.

 Just 32 people can watch a movie, each  paying £4.

50.

 What makes this in my defence is that you don't have to  queue for popcorn.

 A pint and a pickled egg pleased? The licence  fee says diversifying like this will keep the park opened the is to  come when so many are closing.

 -- keep the pub open.

 We are trying to  bring people in from a little further afield, and give them an  excuse to visit the pub.

 Then perhaps that will come back again,  not just to watch a film.

 They will show a mix of new releases and  classics like Casablanca.

 The official opening is tomorrow with  the Leonardo DiCaprio film Inception.

  I didn't know he was a pickled egg man!  A you regret that later.

 Let's find It was never destined to be a great  weekend, but sometimes things can change at the last minute.

  Unfortunately I don't have much tucked up my sleeve.

 Rain is on its  way and it can be heavy and persistent overnight in places.

  This front is going to be producing it.

 It is a warm front heading in  from the West.

 It will produce more over the weekend.

 It is all part of  the same system, holding on tenaciously and it could produce  and raining at the beginning of next week.

 So for this evening,  then, some clearer spells.

 It is dry as well.

 Because of those  clearers bows, temperatures will fall lower than they have up  recently.

 Then the cloud thickens up and the rain arrives after  midnight, Spedding eastwards through the early hours.

 It is  going to be more heavy and persistent in the west of the  region.

 Temperatures are down to six or seven Celsius overnight.

  Strengthening winds from a south- westerly direction.

 It is fairly  wet through the course of tomorrow morning as well.

 But the east of  the region are going to keep the lighter outbreaks of rain.

 The  heaviest rain in the West.

 Plenty of cloud for most places and  brighter spells possible.

 Top temperatures up to 11 or 12 - month  still mild due to the south- westerly direction, but the winds  could gust up to 40 mph.

 On Sunday, more rain on the way.

 Again, fairly  patchy, but the main thing it is going to be windy but mild.

  Good weather to go shopping centre walking! That is about it for us.

 A  look at tonight's main headlines:

 A swift advance by rebel forces in  Libya as they capture town after town on the road to Tripoli.

 Helped  by coalition air strikes, they have rapidly re-taken territory, meeting  little resistance along the way.

 The rebels can hardly believe their  luck.

 Thanks to the coalition airstrikes, they are moving forward  fast and taking towns like this one more easily than they could ever  have imagined.

 As the military action continues,  NATO formally agrees to take control of the mission in Libya.

  NATO will implement all aspects of the UN resolution.

 Nothing more,  nothing less.

 We'll be asking what impact the new  command structure will have and assess the rebel advance.

  Also tonight: A man is charged with the murder of 22-year-old Sian  O'Callaghan.

 He will appear before Swindon Magistrates' tomorrow.

  In Japan, workers are evacuated from the damaged nuclear plant  after an increase in radioactivity.

 After yesterday's violent clashes  in London, police are criticised for failing to protect shops and  businesses.

 And Sebastien Vettel gets the new  Formula One season underway with a Good evening.

 It has been a day of  rapid and unexpected advances by rebel forces in Libya, with  opponents of Colonel Gaddafi moving swiftly towards the capital.

 Helped  by coalition airstrikes, the rebels have taken key towns along the  coast, including Brega, Ras Lanuf and Bin Jawad.

 They are now said to  be advancing on Colonel Gaddafi's home town of Sirte.

 Our  correspondent has been travelling with the anti- Gaddafi forces.

  The rebels are in a state of high excitement, celebrating each new  victory by firing their guns into the air.

 After days of military  stalemate, they have finally got momentum behind them.

 They are  advancing at a breakneck speed, racing westwards along the coastal  highway.

 They claim Colonel Gaddafi's forces are in full  retreat and a pudding a little or no resistance.

 -- and are putting  up a little or no resistance.

 Towns have fallen, Brega, Ras Lanuf, and  Bin Jawad, but Colonel Gaddafi's heartland lies ahead, his  birthplace Sirte and Tripoli.

 Ahmed Omar Bani, the rebel commander,  says they are willing to pay the price for freedom, to free the rest  of the Libyan soil.

 The territory the rebels have already captured  includes important oil infrastructure, that Colonel  Gaddafi may never and get his hands on again.

 But the rebels know that  this weekend's extraordinary advances have only been made  possible by the coalition airstrikes, like these by the RAF  around Ajdabiya.

 Without them, the rebels, experienced and ill-  equipped, were going nowhere.

 The rebels can hardly believe their  luck.

 Thanks to the coalition airstrikes, they are moving forward  fast and taking towns like this one more easily than they could ever  have imagined.

 Explosions and anti-aircraft fire  have been heard in Tripoli tonight.

 John Simpson is there.

 How much  reaction has there been to news of the rebel advance?  We are very restricted.

 It is impossible to get the views of  ordinary people openly certainly.

 I suspect that there is a certain  amount of anxiety among quite a lot of people.

 Colonel Gaddafi does  have his supporters here in some numbers and they are worried  certainly about the advance of the rebels.

 They have had it hammered  into them time and time again, just this evening at a press conference,  it happened yet again, that these are really Al-Qaeda troops that are  coming in and there is a great anxiety about what will happen if  and when the rebels ever do get here.

 The pro-Gadaffi forces are  doing their best to restrict the progress by putting forward, for  instance, the attack on the town of Misurata, trying to capture that  before the rebels can get here, making the whole of western Libya  theirs, but it is not going to be easy and the rebels have certainly  got everything in their way and I think you can detect a certain  crumbling of the will here to carry on fighting.

  Tonight, NATO has agreed to take immediate commander bought a real  operations in Libya.

 Meeting in Brussels, NATO ambassadors said  their goal was to protect civilians and every is under threat of attack  from the Gaddafi regime.

 Matthew Price is at NATO headquarters now.

  It feels as though it has taken quite a long time for NATO to get  to this stage, although they will tell you hear that historically  speaking, if you look at how long it took them to make decisions on  Kosovo for instance, they have done this rather quickly, however it is  my understanding that it will still be several days before operational  control of the action over Libya is handed over from the United States  to NATO.

 Overnight, the US fired more  Tomahawk cruise missiles towards targets in Libya.

 Each one aimed at  Colonel Gaddafi's military machine, each one helping the rebel advance.

  But as the US Secretary of State made clear this morning, their  country does not want to be in charge of another war in another  Muslim country.

 The United States worked with the international  community to make sure there was authorisation to do what we have  helped to accomplish but what is quite remarkable here is that NATO  assuming the responsibility for the entire mission means that the  United States will move to a supporting role.

 There have been  big differences among NATO's 28 member states.

 The French want to  target Gaddafi forces to protect civilians and help the rebels.

  Turkey is wary of being seen to pick sides.

 Nature will implement  all aspects of the UN resolution.

 - - NATO.

 Nothing more, nothing less.

  This is a very significant step, which proves NATO's capability to  take decisive action.

 As the takeover was been agreed, French  jets were heading off on another mission.

 Paris has been keen to  take action to destroy Gaddafi's forces.

 Britain today suggested the  tactic was bearing fruit for the rebels.

 It means they would pretty  much be in control of all Libya's oil exports, which would produce a  different dynamic and equilibrium within Libya.

 How that will play  out in terms of public opinion and the Gaddafi regime remains to be  seen.

 Today, the rebels had time to hand out food and supplies to  civilians in Ajdabiya.

 They know about such intervention has got  them this far and they will want NATO to stay the course.

  Is this just a formality or do you think that the mission in Libya  will change in its nature? NATO insists that it won't.

 It  insists that what it will be doing is applying, to the letter, the UN  Security Council resolution, that all the rice is a force in Libya to  protect civilians.

 They say they will take over command in order to  protect civilians -- that authorises force in Libya to  protect civilians.

 They insisted tonight there was a strong will of  all 28 NATO Estates, that they would be doing just that.

 All week  we have seen big differences of opinion between certain countries.

  The French on the one hand, we believe that force should be used  not just to protect civilians but also to try to defeat Colonel  Gaddafi.

 The Turks on the other hand, who say that force should  only be used to protect civilians and they are wary of picking sides.

  Those differences are almost certain to come out as a native  picks and chooses its missions in the coming weeks -- as NATO picks  and chooses its missions in the coming weeks of stops in Syria, or  more protesters have died in demonstrations.

  12 people had been killed in northern Syria in the last 24 hours.

  Until now, most demonstrations have been in Deraa.

 Do not protest --  funeral processions have been taking place there.

  President Ali Abdullah Saleh's televised address was shown in a  big screen in Sanaa, Yemen.

 Dozens of people through shoes at the  screen as he spoke.

 Last week 50 people were shot dead at an anti-  government protest.

 A taxi driver has been charged with  the murder of Sian O'Callaghan.

 The man charged, Christopher Halliwell,  is due to appear before magistrates in Swindon tomorrow.

  This is Christopher Halliwell, the 47-year-old taxi driver from  Swindon who, it was announced today, has been charged with Sian  O'Callaghan's murder.

 At his home in Ashbury Avenue there is still a  police presence.

 Their investigation is far from over.

 It  is eight days since Sian O'Callaghan went missing after  leaving a Swindon nightclub.

 So tributes are still being paid.

 Last  night, hundreds of people released lanterns to remember her.

 The  number reflecting the impact her murder has had on the town.

 It is a  lovely Remembrance a Sian, who touched everyone's hearts in  Swindon.

 I want to remember her and her family.

 In a separate  development, detectives have confirmed remains found in this  Gloucestershire field were those of a woman aged between 23 and 30.

  Christopher Halliwell led police here after first showing the way to  find Sian's body.

 This has been a fast-paced and complex  investigation, covering three separate counties.

 Christopher  Halliwell remains in custody at this police station in Swindon.

  Tomorrow morning, he will appear before the town's magistrates  charged with the murder of Sian O'Callaghan.

  Officials in Japan have apologise after wrongly suggesting radiation  levels at the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant were 10 million times  higher than normal.

 Despite the mistake, they say radioactivity at  one of the reactors is still high enough to force an evacuation of  Anger against nuclear power on Tokyo's usually orderly streets.

  more Fukushima! The highest radiation level yet in water inside  the Fukushima nuclear plant, adding fuel to growing uncertainty and  increasing concern.

 Street protest like these are a rarity in Japan  but it is -- as the crisis continues at the Fukushima nuclear  plant, this is a clear sign that some on losing confidence in the  All attention at Fukushima are now focused on reactor number two.

  Workers fighting to bring it under control were ordered out of the  building and despite a mistake in the initial measurements, the  authorities have confirmed that any one near the highly radioactive  water inside would have received four times the maximum annual dose  of radiation in just one hour.

 TRANSLATION: As for why such water  is being found, they are trying to identify the cause and work is  under way to eliminate the contaminated water so that  restoration work can take place.

 all means more uncertainty for a  country already nervous.

 Among those turning against nuclear power,  ordinary people wanting change.

 TRANSLATION: Children will be  affected much more than adults by a nuclear leak so I decided it was  time to voice my opinion.

 Another spoke of a anger at being ignorant  about nuclear power and said during this rally was her first step  towards building the future.

 The government's assurances that  airborne radiation around the plant is falling offer little reassurance.

  In that the sea nearby, it has increased again.

 And with it the  worry about the leaks within the plant reaching those living  elsewhere.

 Police say they are studying  evidence to find who was involved in yesterday's violence in London.

  More than a quarter of a million people attended a largely peaceful  march but breakaway groups attacked shops and businesses.

 200 people  were arrested, two have already been charged, but there has been  criticism of how police dealt with the troubled.

  Picking up in Trafalgar Square today and close by, in some of  London's busiest shopping streets, evidence of the damage on the night  before.

 Smashed windows, some boarded-up, teams moving in to  carry out repairs.

 What happened involved just a few hundred.

 There  had been 4500 officers on duty and so today, questions as to why those  intent on causing damage had not been dealt with more quickly.

  was flagged up on the internet that they were going to occupied  Trafalgar Square and break into places like Fortnum and Mason, so  you would have hoped the police could have prevented some of the  damage that was cause.

 Metropolitan Police said small  groups of activists had shifted their tactics to avoid police lines  and that police officers had come under sustained attack.

 London's  deputy mayor dismissed criticisms of the police operation for of  stock we had a lot of iconic sites to protect, Parliament, Downing  Street, and the West End, which was a long way away from much of the  protest.

 In the scale of that, with 400,000 people, I think the police  did a good job.

 Police are now examining  photographs and CCTV footage toy identify those involved in the  disturbances.

 Violence that overshadowed a peaceful march by  several hundred thousand demonstrators.

 They had come from  all parts of the country, united in their opposition to cuts and public  spending.

 But the Business Secretary made it clear those  voices will not lead to a change of course by the government.

 We are  listening and I talk regularly to the trade union movement.

 But we  are not going to change the economic strategy.

 No government  would change its fundamental economic policy simply in response  to a demonstration of that kind.

 But the TUC, which organised the  march, says eventually the arguments against cuts must be  heard.

 As the cuts really begin to bite over the coming months, we are  going to see a massive swing of public opinion, away from the  government, and then they are going to have to listen.

 And for those  who joined in the March, there is frustration that attention was  deflected by the scenes of violence Sport, and in Formula One, world  champion Sebastian Vettel has won the opening race of the season, the  Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne.

 Lewis Hamilton was second for  McLaren.

 Formula One is too often to  formulate say its critics, and this race will bolster the argument.

 Get  the best car, qualified quickest, and the rest is a formality.

 That  is what Sebastian Vettel proved in Melbourne.

 Sharply away, he was  never really threatened, although Lewis Hamilton maintained a dogged  pursuit.

 At least Jenson Button had an eventful race, trying to force a  way past Felipe Massa or, it took the equivalent of a bus lane and he  incurred a penalty which dumped him down the field.

 But he was able to  fight back to six, perform the first overtaking manoeuvre using an  electronically adjustable real wink, apparently.

 Hamilton's fading  challenge effectively ended when he inadvertently took the lawn mower  root around the corner, damaging the floor of his car, but he held  on to second.

 Sebastian Vettel came home alone, the world champion  making an ideal start to his title defence.

 Formula One may have new  rules and gadgets, but the form book remains unaltered.

 Football,  and Scotland have lost tool-0 to

 it? The same.

 A serious test for  The 6th the Tunisian capital is under curfew again tonight.

 After  more rioting, arson and looting.

 On the streets, the target of the  protesterss' Peri is still the departed leader.

 This bank belonged  to Ben Ali's family.

 In the past 48 hours, any property connected with  the former president has been destroyed.

 British tourists are  amongst thousands of tourists trying to flee the violence.

 1800  Britons ordered emergency flights today.

 The devastation is dreadful.

  It was like the Blitz again.

 From undercover to on the record.

 A  former policeman who infiltrated green campaigners claims he's been  made a scapegoat, after the collapse of their trial.

 Being  welcomed to Roma.

 The first Anglican bishops opposed to the  consecration of women bishops are A day after its president fled, the  capital of Tunisia is denied again under curfew.

 The troops are trying  to keep control following widespread looting, arson and  violence.

 Homes and businesses owned by former President Ben Ali  and his family have been targeted.

 It's also been the bloodiest day  yet since the protests began, with dozens of inmates killed in an  overnight prison fire.

 Adam Mynott sent this report from Tunis.

  President Ben Ali is no more.

 Images of him are being ripped down,  burnt and trampled into the dirt.

 Tunisians are joyous about his  departure, and they want to be raised every trace of him and his  regime.

 People have been carrying out reprisals against anything that  belonged to the former President.

 This bank, for example, this  belonged to Ben Ali's family.

 It's been smashed.

 In the past 48 hours,  any property connected with the former President has been destroyed.

  Buildings in the capital and towns and cities across the country has  been pillaged and destroyed.

 Protesters attacked the railway  station.

 The Bill to restore the damage will be huge.

 But this is a  country where politics and public confidence need to be rebuilt first.

  The army is in control in Tunisia.

 This was no army coup, but while  the immediate political future of the country is being sorted out,  it's the military that's in charge.

 Soldiers and tanks are everywhere,  trying to reassure a frightened people and trying to prevent  looting.

 People are terrified.

 Gangs of criminals have been  breaking into homes and stealing.

 Communities have set up vigilante  groups to try to protect their property.

 This doctor said he'd  been patrolling outside his home for the past two days.

 I must be  here with all my neighbours.

 should be policed not be looking  after you? There are police but I don't see any policeman here.

  Everything changes since yesterday, 14th January.

 Tunisia will never  come back to the past.

 We are in front, our future.

 The new acting  President, the Speaker of parliament, pledged on state  television to protect the rights of the people.

 Answering the anger  that many have felt about political alienation for the past two decades,  he said all Tunisians, without exception, will be part of the  political process.

 Tunisia is in shock.

 Reeling under a state of  emergency.

 Shops and offices are boarded up.

 Food and fuel are  scarce.

 The immediate future is Nearly 1800 British tourists were  airlifted out of Tunisia today after cutting short their holidays  because of the unrest.

 Some of those have been describing what  they saw.

 From Manchester airport, we have this report.

  Touching down in Manchester it to the great winter skies.

 The first  of today's extra flights bringing home early holidaymakers who'd gone  to Tunisia in search of winter sun and had found themselves in a  country in political turmoil.

 Coming to the airport today, the  devastation is just dreadful.

 It was like the Blitz again.

 When used  all the windows smashed and the army all along the way up the  road.

.

.

 They had their guns.

 And we heard gunshots as well.

 Airports in  Tunisia are full of people trying to leave.

 Extra flights have been  laid on to bring those on package holidays back to the UK.

 Tunisia is  heavily dependent on tourism.

 It can ill-afford to lose the money  generated by its many thousands of foreign visitors.

 But, until the  political situation calms down, the Foreign Office is advising against  all but essential travel to the The level of anger and speed of  change in Tunisia was causing concern among other governments  across North Africa and the Middle East.

 So what turned a relatively  prosperous and educated country against its leader? Tunisia has  been convulsed by protest, crackdown and now the toppling of  the President.

 The violence has lifted the lid on what many believe  was one of North Africa's most stable countries.

 Behind the  uprising is bottled-up frustration felt by the growing number of  educated but unemployed young people.

 One of them had sparked the  protests when he set himself alight back in December, causing horrific  injuries.

 The President visited him in hospital, but his eventual death  resonated across the country.

 Anger was stoked by revelations on  WikiLeaks from Washington, publicly a supporter of the Trinity in  It's been mounting for some time, this sense of repression from the  Ben Ali regime was getting too suffocating for the younger  generation.

 It's also the fact that this generation have not been able  to find jobs, particularly amongst the graduates.

 So the combination  of political and economic pressures as meant that the pressure cooker's  laid has finally burst.

 shockwaves from Tunisia's political  a people are being felt across North Africa and the Middle East.

  Particularly nervous of governments in Algeria, Libya, Egypt and Jordan.

  They, like Tunisia, have authoritarian leaders presiding  over a restless, young population, many impatient over the lack of  political reform.

 Tunisians across Europe have been celebrating and  hope their uprising will be followed by others.

 Not least in  Egypt, where President well Iraq is now 82 and faces growing opposition  to his plans to hand power to her son.

 I am sure many governments  feel quite concerned about what happened in Tunisia, because it  came very fast.

 Tunisia was one of the countries which was least  expected to go through this kind of change.

 As the protesters in  Tunisia digest their victory, the question now is whether the next  government can possibly fulfil their expectations.

 Here, the  Labour leader Ed Miliband has urged a disaffected Liberal Democrat  supporters to work with his party.

 At a speech in London today he  talked about the Lib Dem's decision to enter into coalition with the  Conservatives as a tragic mistake.

 Confusing times for the Liberal  Democrats, as Labour tries to move them away from a coalition and into  a left-of-centre alliance.

 Chief Souter is the Labour leader Ed  Miliband, he says it was a tragic mistake for the Lib Dems to go into  government with the Conservatives.

 He is now offering them a fresh  start.

 I want them to find a welcome home in our party.

 Not just  making up the numbers, but contributing actively to the  strengthening of our values and the renewal of our policies.

  strategies here at Lib Dem headquarters won't be surprised at  the Ed Miliband's warm words.

 After all, they themselves have borrowed  the votes from Labour in the past of issues like Iraq.

 Now Mr  Miliband wants some of those boats macro back to build his progressive  majority.

 What will worry them is their slump in the opinion polls  could suggest that Mr Miliband is already having some success.

  Although they failed to win the Oldham by-election, the Lib Dems  did slightly increased their share of the vote.

 Something that given  the party hierarchy a bit of its confidence back.

 Even those on the  left of the party seemed unwilling to entertain talks with Labour.

  message to Liberal Democrats is not to give in to the banishment of Ed  Miliband.

 What we need is for the party and its supporters to keep  making sure that we hold to our principles, which are there for  generations.

 After Labour's victory in Oldham, Ed Miliband can now love  bomb the Lib Dems, knowing it's an effective way of destabilising  their relationship with the Tories.

 But many Lib Dems quite like being  in power.

 Ed Miliband will be appearing on the Andrew Marr  programme tomorrow morning at 9am.

 A former undercover police officer  who infiltrated a group of environmental activists has broken  his silence tonight.

 Mark Kennedy's role was revealed earlier this week  when a trial of six campaigners collapsed.

 He told a Sunday  newspaper he's been made a scapegoat.

 The undercover police  officer who controversially at -- posed as eight environmental  activist has said his life has become a living nightmare.

 Speaking  to the Mail on Sunday, Mark Kennedy defended his actions.

 I feel I'm  being made a scapegoat for mistakes made by the police.

 I am not the  only undercover police officer, or I wasn't the only undercover police  officer doing this style of work.

 Six activists who are accused of  trying to shut down one of Britain's largest power stations  were part of the group Mark Kennedy infiltrated.

 But the trial  collapsed when prosecutors dropped the charges.

 Former colleagues say  the police constable, here on the left, spent so much time undercover  that he went broke.

 Mr Kennedy says that's not true.

 My phone was  tracked, they knew where I was all the time.

 These allegations that I  was roaming abroad without any authority is ridiculous.

 Everything  that I did have to be authorised at the highest level.

 The collapse of  the court case has led to an investigation into the actions of  the police and the mistakes that might have been made.

 Three former  Anglican bishops have been ordained as Roman Catholic priests today in  a special service at Westminster Cathedral.

 The ceremony signals the  start of a special section of the Roman Catholic Church set up by the  Pope as a home for disaffected Anglicans.

 Let us kneel.

  Westminster Cathedral was packed, the atmosphere intense and the  ritual dramatic.

 Three former Anglican bishops face down on the  floor, awaiting their transformation into Roman Catholic  priests.

 Then something that almost never happens.

 Their wives helped  dress them as Catholic priests.

 It was an extraordinary gesture - the  Catholic Church accepting married Anglicans as they are.

 Some 50  traditionalist Anglican clergy might soon join the new  organisation.

 They are unhappy about the ordination of women  bishops, but also disillusioned by how far Anglicans have abandoned  traditions they once shared with Catholics.

 The Church of England  has decided to take its cue from the society it lives in instead of  its cue from Christ, and carry the gospel that he preached to them.

  Some Anglicans fear that Pope Benedict has opened a door through  which much of their own church's Catholic wing could eventually  disappear.

 They warned that the gradual departure of traditionalist  clergy and congregations will leave the Church of England both more  liberal and more Protestant.

 Fundamentally changing its very  Time for the sports news now.

 There is no word yet from West Ham  tonight regarding their manager's future but the BBC understands that  Avram Grant has taken charge of his last game at the club.

 He refused  to be drawn on the speculation surrounding his position.

 The  former Aston Villa boss Martin O'Neill is believed to be lined up  to replace him.

 Grant threw his scarf to the crowd after today's  match against Arsenal but said it wasn't a farewell gesture.

 That was  one of six games in the Premier League today.

 Match of the Day will  have all the goals after the news, so if you don't want to know the  results then do what you've got to do.

 West Ham are still bottom after  losing that match against Arsenal but Manchetser City are top of the  league tonight.

 Carlos Tevez scored league tonight.

 Carlos Tevez scored  twice as they survived a late fightback to beat Wolves 4-3.

  Chelsea are back into the top four with their first league win of the  year.

 Nicholas Anelka scored in a 2-0 win at Blackburn.

 Elsewhere  Stoke beat Bolton 2-0.

, West Brom have their first win in over a  month.

They beat Blackpool 3-2.

 Robin Van Persie scored twice in  Arsenal's 3-0 win at West Ham.

 Wigan and Fulham finished 1-1.

 It's  as you were in Scotland with Celtic and Rangers both winning in the SPL.

  Celtic remain five points clear at the top thanks to a 3-0 win at  Hibernian.

 Anthony Stokes scored twice including the goal of the  game.

.

.

 That one sealed the 3-0 win against his former club.

 He also  In the other matches, Aberdeen beat St Mirren, Kilmarnock drew 1-1 with  St Johnstone, and Motherwell and Inverness Caledonian Thistle drew  In the end it was not to be.

 Kauto Star's attempt to make racing  history with a fifth successive win in the King George VI Chase ended  in disappointment this afternoon.

 He finished a distant third, even  with Tony McCoy on Paul -- on board.

 Within touching distance of history.

  Sports Personality of the Year and course of a lifetime.

 Tony McCoy  and Kauto Star - what could possibly go wrong? Hot favourites  with the bookies and with the punters, too.

 All expecting a  moment of racing history.

 Kauto Star is going to win it, no problem  at all.

 One of the best horses that has ever been.

 It's made me a lot  of money over the years.

 Why stop now? They are away.

 But in sport  there is no such thing as a racing certainty.

 Kauto Star was soon  struggling.

 Before at the second- last.

.

.

 Calamity.

 Tony McCoy clung  on but his race was over.

 Victory for Long Run.

 Kauto Star was third.

  His winning streak had ended.

 A standing ovation for Kauto Star  after four years of a predominance here at Kempton Park.

 This, sadly,  was simply a race too far.

 He's been a fantastic horse.

 It would  have been great if he'd won a 5th King George.

 Why he didn't, I can't  really find, there's no clear-cut excuses as to why he didn't win.

 He  made a bad mistake at the second- last but he was already beat by  then.

 A great day for Long Run and his amateur jockey.

 But for  racing's dream team, not the dream

 gin.

 Bottoms up at 9:30pm next  After nearly two weeks of protests, talks begin between the Egyptian  government and opposition parties.

 Thousands of demonstrators remain  on the streets tonight, despite the offer of concessions from the  Government.

 Labour claims 10,000 police will go  in the next two years because of budget cuts.

 The Police Federation  says the figures are alarming.

 would represent every police  officer in Wales being lost and a medium-sized force in London as  well.

 That is how dramatic it is.

 Is a massive cut.

 A murder inquiry  has been launched, after a pregnant teenager dies in a house fire.

  And, delight for Dalglish but debut torment for Torres - as Liverpool  Good evening.

 After nearly two weeks of mass protests in Egypt,  the Government has has held talks with opposition groups.

 The Vice  President, Omar Suleiman, met representatives of a number of  parties, including the banned Muslim Brotherhood.

 He offered to  set up a committee to look at changing the constitution, but  opposition figures say the proposals don't go far enough, and  are insisting on President Hosni Mubarak's resignation.

 From Cairo,  here's our Middle East editor, Jeremy Bowen.

  A small group of Egyptian Christians prayed in Tahrir Square.

  Surrounded and supported by thousands of Muslims.

 The regime  has claimed the rebellion has been incited by Islamists.

 I have seen  no evidence of that.

 All kinds of Egyptians, secular and religious,  Muslim and Christian, are here, and still coming in their thousands.

  United by the desire to dismantle the Mubarak regime.

 Under a  portrait of Hosni Mubarak, vice- president and a flagrant met  opposition leaders.

 In another sign of change and -- changing times,  the Muslim Brotherhood were included.

 After what's --  afterwards, they said the vice- president's talk of reform did not  go far enough.

 Any foreign interference in our Egyptian  affairs.

 When the protests started this member of the Muslim  Brotherhood was arrested.

 He says the criminals to go over the  criminal two days later and when they broke down the wall the  political prisoners followed them out.

 He said the negotiations would  not make any progress until the President goes.

 When did he step  down? How much time? The day before yesterday.

 Not now.

 What does he  want? To preserve Mr Mubarak as President? He says he needs to --  needs and to make amendments.

 wants him to stay? Yes.

 Does the  Muslim Brotherhood 121 Egypt? We are not going to have a  candidate for the Muslim Brotherhood in the incoming  election.

 Down with Hosni Mubarak, says this song.

 Tahrir Square was  packed this evening, the army has stopped making it hard for people  to get in and the atmosphere was very relaxed.

 If anything they are  more cheerful than their way yesterday.

 That is because they  think they are winning.

 Today's talk show a political solution  should be possible, but for these people, only if President Mubarak  goes.

 We have a date with you tomorrow, is their farewell chance  to people leaving the square.

 Get some rest and return.

 -- farewell  chant.

 Then the back Iraq is ended but they will need a few more  tomorrows before the President's last goodbye -- the Mubarak era is  ended.

 And Jeremy is in Cairo now.

 Do you  think these talks have clarified anything? A little bit.

 They are  supposed to continue and they might make more progress.

 They will have  to.

 What they have clarified is that the vice-president, who has  been the right hand man of President Mubarak for many years,  seems in no mood to suddenly dumped him.

 As some people have suggested  that he might.

 On the other side the opposition are sticking to the  demand that the President goes and that progress will not be possible  until that happens.

 The argument used by people supporting the  regime and some people who do not support it is that if Mr Mubarak  goes they could be -- they could be chaos in the country.

 What the  opposition and the people in the square have said is that actually  the chaos is being caused by President Mubarak trying to hang on  to power.

 And that if he left, things would be easier,  negotiations would be easier, and then there could be progress  towards proper elections sometime later in the year.

 There is another  factor as well, that is that this current stand-off, if it continues,  will not necessarily, many people here fear, be peaceful.

 They  consider there is always a possibility of something happening  that sparks more violence.

 Thank you, Jeremy Bowen, in Cairo.

  More than 10,000 police officer posts will go by the end of the  next year, in England and Wales according to research carried out  by the Labour Party.

 The shadow Home Secretary, Yvette Cooper, says  the figures are shocking, but the Government says Labour would also  cut spending on the police; and that it's not the size of the force  that matters, but how officers are deployed.

 Here's our political  Open up the doors! Protecting the front line in the fight against  crime is not just reassuring for the public, it is vital for the  politicians in charge.

 The Government has stood by its claim  that cuts in police budgets of 20% by 2015 would not mean a cut in the  visibility of offices on the streets.

 But figures obtained by  the Labour party painted different picture.

 In March last year there  were nearly 144,000 police officers in England and Wales.

 The police  budget is shrinking by four % this year and 5% next, adding up  announcements by individual forces, Labour says 10,000 officers will go  by 2013.

 The Government said they will protect frontline policing.

 It  has been clear from the experts, the police forces, they cannot  protect frontline policing if they are faced with this scale of 20%  cuts.

 The Government has urged caution about Labour's figures,  without directly denying them.

 Instead ministers are focusing  their fire on Labour's line that they would have been able to avoid  similar reductions.

 We are saying it is totally dishonest of Labour  to present these figures, when they are the ones who left the country  with the deficit, and they would cut policing too.

 We no savings can  be made in the back office so that the front line can be prioritised,  and we are determined to cut the red tape, releasing offices for  frontline duties so the police can be crime fighters, not form writers.

  Efficiency savings in backroom staff and sharing resources across  police forces will absorb some of the cuts.

 It was after all the  police inspectorate, P.

H.

 MIC, that it forces could save as much as 12%  without damaging the service they provide.

 But the Police Federation  has warned that even Labour's figures of 10,000 your offices by  2013 will have a dramatic impact.

 What it means in real terms, 10,000  officers going, it would represent every police officer in Wales being  lost and a medium-sized force in England as well.

 In the age of  upstairs cigarette even the police haven't been spared a significant  budget cuts over the next year's -- in the age of austerity.

  Government argues policing is not about her role numbers of officers.

  For voters the real test will be whether there is an impact on  future levels of crime.

 The Ministry of Defence has named  two soldiers who were killed in Afghanistan earlier in the week.

  Company Sergeant Major Colin Beckett, of 3rd Battalion The  Parachute Regiment, was killed in an explosion in Nad-e Ali yesterday.

  He was 36.

 His wife is expecting their first child.

 Ranger David  Dalzell, of 1st Battalion, The Royal Irish Regiment was killed on  Friday, also in Nad-e Ali.

 He was 20 years old.

  A murder investigation has been launched, after a pregnant woman  died in a house fire in South Wales.

 The body of 19-year-old Nikitta  Grender, who was eight months pregnant, was found at a flat in  Newport yesterday.

 Colette Hulme reports.

  Nikitta Grender was about to give birth to a baby girl.

 She was  looking forward to becoming a mother.

 Yesterday morning her body  was found in the bedroom of her burning flat.

 The 19-year-old had  been stabbed.

 She was fun.

 She was loving, caring.

 She was so looking  forward to becoming a mum and everything.

 It was her first.

 And  something like this happens, you don't expect it, do you? To  happened to such lovely people.

 first it was thought she had died  as a result of the fire at the flat in Newport.

 But following a post  mortem examination, a murder inquiry was launched.

 Nikitta  Grender visited a McDonald's restaurant with friends on Friday  evening.

 Police are appealing to anyone who saw her to come forward.

  Forensic officers spent the day at the flat, searching for clues.

  Police say it is highly likely the fire was started deliberately.

  is quite clearly an horrific crime.

 Where two innocent lives have been  lost.

 Nikitta was two weeks away from giving birth to a baby girl.

  This was particularly callous and something I have to say we very  rarely seen.

 50 officers are working on this investigation,  looking for a knife used in the attack.

 Detectives say they do not  know why the popular teenager was murdered.

 They do believe the  answer may lie in the community.

 The body of a 58-year-old man has  been recovered by police, from floodwater in Denbighshire.

  Officers believe the man was driving a car which was found  submerged.

 Flooding has affected large parts of north and mid Wales.

  Earlier, seven people had to be rescued from properties near  Welshpool.

 Cricket's governing body, the ICC,  has promised a zero-tolerance approach to corruption, a day after  giving lengthy bans to three Pakistani players.

 Salman Butt,  Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir were each suspended for at least  five years, after being found guilty of spot-fixing in a match  against England.

 Our sports editor He had been Pakistan's great hope.

  But now, banned from the game for five years, Mohammed the Met's  career is in the balance.

 Today, the bowler told the BBC office  devastation at yes they's decision.

 -- at yesterday's decision.

  TRANSLATION: Cricket is the most important thing in my life.

 My  whole family depends on me and I depend upon Christmas.

 The entire  thing will be upset by this.

 -- upon cricket.

 I will never lose  hope.

 I have never done that in my life.

 I will do everything in my  power to make a comeback, a strong comeback.

 He could be back even  sooner, if he wins an appeal against the judgment which has  become so important for cricket.

 Doha isn't a city traditionally  associated with the game of cricket, but the sport's rulers hope the  decisions taken here this weekend will prove a turning point in the  battle against corruption.

 Ahead of world cricket so today it's tough  action in banning the three players should give France confidence --  the head of world cricket.

 Fans believe that we actually deal with  corruption, sending out a clear message, and that they are  confident we are serious about protecting the sport.

 Not everyone  believe that why you that -- the tribunal was tough enough.

  thought it was the one chance the ICC had of planning for life.

 It is  a harsh treatment but I think that is what the game needs.

 This has  been a dark episode for Pakistan cricket.

 But the ICC hopes it has  sent a message which will help protect its next generation of  cricketers.

 Now with a round up of the rest of  today's sport news, here's Amanda Davies.

  There was no dream debut for the most expensive footballer in  British history.

 Fernando Torres pulled on a Chelsea shirt for the  first time today but saw his new team beaten 1-0 by Liverpool - the  side he left for £50 million just a week ago.

 Joe Wilson reports from  Stamford Bridge.

 From red to blue, all too new.

 The shirt is an  accessory.

 Torres himself with the hero or villain.

 We're a chance to  deliver a message.

 -- he had a chance.

 The Liverpool defence had  ways of dealing with their old friend.

 Daniel and go direct.

  Minutes later Jamie Carragher timed it perfectly as Torres closed in.

  The chance of a first half without doubt poll to Liverpool.

 -- without  doubt felt.

 After 65 minutes Torres was done, surplus to requirements  already.

 Substituted and a spectator.

 As Liverpool  demonstrated how sweet life can be without him.

 It didn't win a title  or a trophy but it was a victory that will rank alongside many for  Liverpool.

 Chelsea have bought Britain's most expensive footballer,  but there could be losing their fans.

 Chelsea, lack of effort.

 They  don't seem interested.

 I don't know what is going on.

 It is a serious  problem.

 Torres, let us hope he gets better.

 It wasn't a great  start, was it?! Naturally he will have more opportunities to prove  his worth.

 But it is Chelsea's fans who will be reflecting on the £50  It's been an interesting day at the bottom of the table.

 West Ham prop  up the rest this evening, after a 1-0 defeat to fellow strugglers  Birmingham.

 It's a result that moves the Blues out of the  relegation zone into 16th.

 And the team in 17th - West Brom - are  looking for a new manager.

 They've sacked Roberto Di Matteo after his  side lost 13 of their last 18 games including yesterday's match against  Manchester City.

 The Italian has said he's surprised and  disappointed by the decision but club say they want to give  themselves the best possible chance There will be an incredible seven  Old Firm fixtures in Scotland this season, after Rangers and Celtic  took their Scottish Cup fifth round tie to a replay.

 They drew 2-2 in a  close-fought encounter at Ibrox, so will meet again next month to  battle for a place in the quarter finals.

 George Riley reports.

 A  first Scottish Cup meeting at Ibrox for the big two for 47 years.

 It  was worth the wait.

 Predictably frantic, Jamie Ness thumped Rangers  ahead just two minutes in.

 Two minutes later, the lead nearly  doubled.

 Steven Davis against the bar.

 But Celtic were competing.

.

.

  Kris Commons, who turned down Rangers to join Celtic last month,  showed what they've missed.

 It was feisty.

 Steven Naismith sent flying  by Fraser Forster, the card was red, Steven Whittaker's penalty  nerveless.

 Rangers a goal up, Celtic a man down.

 After the break  Celtic reshuffled their pack, their bravery was rewarded.

 Captain Scott  Brown with a stunning curler.

 2-2.

 Either team couldve stolen it.

  Davis again within inches for Rangers.

 Georgios Samaras denied by  the brilliance of Alan McGregor.

 So they'll have to replay and If it's  anything like this, it will be well worth a watch.

  The winners of that one will play Inverness for a place in the semi-  finals.

 Aberdeen though made it through at the first time of asking,  somewhat fortuitously.

 They needed an injury time own goal from  Dunfermline's Neil McGregor to book their place in the quarter finals  against St Mirren.

 Formula 1 driver Robert Kubica has undergone surgery  after a high speed crash in Italy and is unlikely to be able to  compete for Renault this season.

 The 26-year-old suffered serious  injuries to his right hand, arm and leg during an accident in the Ronde  di Andora rally.

 There were fears his hand would be amputated but  according to his surgeon Kubica is

 More violence in Libya.

 Up to 200  anti-government protesters are now feared dead after days of unrest.

  Security forces continue attacks on demonstrators.

 Reports say they are  using machine guns in some places.

 In Bahrain, opposition groups  insist their demands are met before And Celtic deliver an emphatic win  at home against closest rivals, Good evening.

 It's been another day  of violence in Libya with more clashes between security forces and  anti-government protesters.

 Up to 200 people are now feared to have  died since the protests erupted five days ago.

 Today the Foreign  Secretary William Hague told the son of Colonel Gadaffi, the leader  of Libya, that the crackdown was unacceptable and urge reform.

 The  biggest disturbances have been in the second city of Benghazi where  troops are reported to have opened fire on opposition crowds.

 Our  diplomatic Correspondent reports.

 This is what Colonel Gadaffi may be  up against.

 Look at the size of the crowd.

 Apparently this was Benghazi,  the eastern city at the heart of And another snap shot that has also  leaked out via the internet.

 This time, protesters brandishing  weapons, including rocket-propelled grenades.

 Some have suggested arms  may have been seized from a back -- abandoned police stations.

 And here,  a glimpse of the Libyan government's response.

 Hard to be  sure exactly when and where, but the ferocity of the firing is  unmistakable.

 Latest reports suggest the clashes are continuing  today.

 Local hospitals say they are overwhelmed with victims.

 Live  gunfire was echoing when the BBC spoke to this doctor last night.

  my God! They are firing on the civilians here.

 They are going  crazy here! Oh my God! But on Libyan state TV, you would  never know it.

 The pictures of Benghazi show flowing traffic,  empty squares.

 And lawn sprinklers.

 Damage is shown to government  buildings in another town, the Libyan officials lay the blame on  vandals collaborating with outside powers.

 And, appearing on TV,  Colonel Gadaffi himself, surrounded by well-wishers.

 William Hague  today phoned his son to express the outside world's concern.

 The United  Kingdom condemns what the Libyan government has been doing we look  to other countries to do the same.

 Out side influence may be limited.

  Colonel Gadaffi's overriding concern will be how to stay in  power.

 In Bahrain, the streets of the  capital Manama are calmer today after the recent and rests,  although tension remains high.

 Opposition protesters say their  demands will be -- must be met until they will enter into talks  with the state on a -- monarchy.

 Our correspondent spent the day in  pole Square, the focal point of the protests.

 Tiring work, and some  protesters were here all night.

 They are back at the focal point of  the uprising and do not want to leave.

 This man was injured on  Thursday morning when the army evicted protesters from Pearl  square with lethal force.

 He told me he had to stay for his  children's future.

 I will stay for as long as it takes to get our  demands.

 Our demands have been listed, what we want.

 We will not  leave here.

 Elsewhere in the City, a strike was under way.

 No teachers  meant no classes.

 And despite the ruling family's call for dialogue,  the opposition insists there can be no talks until political prisoners  are released.

 They also want an investigation into the bloodshed at  Pearl Square.

 Yesterday morning there were tanks here.

 This  takeover by the people is a victory for the protesters but a long road  may lie ahead in their battle for radical change.

 But the King now  needs negotiations with representatives of his people, and  that is already a major shift in the political landscape here.

 Even  the very young are now loudly We can go live to Caroline it now.

  Caroline, tell us what is happening there, if you can.

 Obviously we  heard earlier about Bahrain and Well, people are now bedding down  for a second night, and I would say that they are here in larger  numbers than they were last night because there is no fear tonight of  what the security forces will do because things were calm last night.

  I would say the atmosphere is part festival, and part political rally  as well.

 For the first time in their lives people think their  political opinion counts.

 They have been inspired by what has happened  in Tunisia and Egypt and this type of power is sweeping through the  region.

 We have seen marches in Morocco, and people are demanding  that the King give up some of his power, and we have also seen at new  demonstrations in Iran.

 The authorities there are trying to  block them.

 Of course, every country in the region is different,  but what they share is a massive democratic deficit.

 The people here  in this region are now demanding to be addressed.

 If Caroline, thank  you very much.

 Here, the Chancellor of the Exchequer is being urged to  rethink his policy on making public sector workers' pay more towards  their pensions.

 The Conservative chair of the Local Government  Association, Lady Eaton, has written to George Osborne warning  that increasing employee pension contributions could result staff --  in staff opting out threatening the future of the scheme.

 Justice  Secretary Kenneth Clarke says there is no prospect of pulling Britain  out of the European Convention on Human Rights.

 But he told the BBC  that he does want reform of the European Court of Human Rights.

 It  comes and its government opposition about giving some prisoners the  right to vote and for thousands of sex offenders in England and Wales  to appeal with their police for life sentences.

 David and Victoria  Beckham are amongst those who have been invited for the wedding of  Prince William and Kate Middleton in April.

 Nearly 2000 invitations  have been sent out to guests here and abroad.

 Our Royal Correspondent  reports.

 Gilt-edged, and under the Queen's  initials, it is the most sought- after invitation around, the  wedding of Prince William of Wales with Miss Catherine Nicholson.

  1,900 of them have been packed and posted, so who exactly is going to  find one of these cream on vibes dropping through their letterbox?  According to say James's Palace, the majority of the imitations,  have gone to friends of the couple There is no invitation for the  Duchess of York.

 Her presence would clearly have been too much for some  senior members of the royal family to tolerate.

 David Beckham has been  invited with his wife.

 Prince William got to know the former  England football captain when they worked on the failed attempt to  host the 2018 World Cup.

 Despite speculation, President Obama was  never going to be invited.

 The wedding is not a full state  occasion.

 The only foreign leaders been invited are from the  Commonwealth or foreign royals.

 Anyway, Barack Obama is coming on a  state visit a month after the wedding.

 Like any couple planning  their big day, William and Kate have worked hard on the guest list.

  Some are inevitably will be mortified to have been left off the  list, but for the lucky 2000 there will be wedding outfits to choose,  but no gifts.

 The preferred gesture is a donation to one of William's  Time for the biggest sports news of the day.

 Celtic took a big step  towards the Scottish Premier League title after an emphatic 3-0 victory  over Rangers.

 Neil Lennon's side have a lead of eight points in the  Championship race.

 A touch of togetherness is never  wasted in Old Firm games, no matter how much they come round.

 And  Celtic's all-for-one attitude was quickly called on in this robust  tackle.

 Carl Berkeley is on loan from Arsenal and soon picked up the  traditional spirit of the contest.

 Celtic were keen to make their mark  with football, playing with greater pace and precision.

 Gary Hooper put  them ahead in the 17th minute.

 And he was soon adding a second,  tearing past the Rangers defence to latch on to this perfect cross.

 He  sent his manager Neil Lennon into orbit.

 Rangers looked tired in  comparison.

 Their best chances were waiting.

 This effort summed up the  performance.

 But Celtic continued to fees, and Chris Commons was  allowed to turn and pick his spot for the leader's third goal.

 And to  wrap up their biggest win against Rangers in five-and-a-half years, a  result which puts Celtic firmly in charge of the Scottish Premier  League title race.

 Hibernian beat St Mirren in the  Manchester City may have needed a second attempt to knock Notts  County out of the FA Cup but breezed through to the 5th round.

  Patrick Viera scored twice in their emphatic 5-0 victory.

 Micah  Richards rounded off an incredible second of performance with their  Bolton are through to the FA Cup quarter-finals after their 1-0  victory over fallen.

 Ivan class niche with a goal that means they  will meet Birmingham in their last eight.

 And Arsenal look likely to  be Manchester United in the last round.

 They currently lead Leyton  In the Premier League, Roy Hodgson breathed a sigh of relief as Carlos  Vela insured a share of the points in his first match in charge of  West Brom.

 He equalised in injury time to move them a point clear of  the relegation zone.

 Great Britain's men's team pursuit won  gold on the final race of the Manchester Velodrome.

 Bradley  Wiggins road in England for the

 # Made up of husbands and fathers  More than a quarter of a million people demonstrate in central  London against Government spending cuts.

 A group of activists clash  with police, leaving four officers injured.

 There have been 13 arrests  but the majority march peacefully to deliver their message.

  We're showing the Government they can't dismantle our public services  just as easily as that, we'll fight them all the way.

  Libyan rebels recapture the eastern town of Ajdabiya after Colonel  Gaddafi's forces are driven out by coalition air attacks.

  And in sport, England cruise to victory over Wales in their Euro  Good evening.

 It's estimated more than 250,000 people from across the  country have taken part in a demonstration in central London  against government spending cuts.

 The march and rally, organised by  the TUC, have been largely peaceful but a separate group of several  hundred people have attacked shops and businesses in the West End.

 Tom  Symonds reports.

 The organisers of this march says so many have turned  out they have stopped counting.

 They trooped through the centre of  London for hours.

 Young and old, the majority in public sector jobs.

  They have different views as to which areas were most affected by  spending cuts, but generally agreed the government had gone too far.

  Fantastic, showing the government they can't dismantle our public  services just as easily as that, we will fight them all the way.

 If it  was staggered, it would be may be more acceptable.

 It is putting too  much pressure on people.

 For its part, the government continues to  argue Britain's national credit card is overspent.

 Ministers and  their supporters asked - what alternative is there? At the moment,  all the messages coming out of this march today are for no cuts, for  this unrealistic position that we can keep on spending.

 This march  was entirely peaceful.

 But at lunchtime, the splinter protest  began.

 We followed a group wearing masks through London's West End.

  They left a trail of destruction.

 Banks and shops were attacked, as  families out for the afternoon watched.

 Sometimes the police moved  in to stop it.

 But for several hours, this group was free to roam.

  This is typical of what has been happening this afternoon.

 We have  seen banks and shops attack, we have seen lots of items thrown  including fireworks.

 I have seen a billiard ball thrown, we have had  paint thrown at us.

 The police are trying to keep in control of the  situation but it is very mobile and so far it is continuing.

 At one  point, police said light bulbs filled with ammonia had been thrown.

  One officer is in hospital and the disorder is continuing.

 The main  march ended in Hyde Park with many unaware of the trouble there had  been.

 The TUC said their act of marching should count, not act of  violence.

 Our correspondent is near  Piccadilly now.

 What is the latest there? Escalating rolling clashes  are here this evening.

 Piccadilly Circus is just down there, we are  outside the Meridien Hotel.

 We have won police line here, another one  beyond, and another police line back here.

 In the last 15 minutes  there have been running scuffles between protesters, maybe young  people, members of the anarchist group.

 Fireworks are being thrown,  one cocktail in the last 15 minutes as well.

 -- Molotov cocktail.

  Sporadically there are lunges forward, they are attacking banks,  smashing windows and graffiti as well.

 When the police move in, the  aim of the -- mob the riot police.

 Ministers say the cuts are  necessary to reduce the deficit, but addressing thousands of  protesters in Hyde Park, the Labour leader Ed Miliband said the  protesters were standing up for the mainstream majority.

 Our struggle  is to fight to preserve, protect and defend the things we value.

 We  know what this government will say, this government will say this is a  march of the minority.

 They are so wrong.

 Our political correspondent  is in Hyde Park.

 What was Ed Miliband's overall message today?  The Labour leader didn't march today but he did speak from this  stage behind me.

 His main message was that they raised an alternative  to the deficit reduction plan.

 Some people here have been arguing there  should be no cuts at all, that is not what Ed Miliband is saying.

  Labour wants to halve the deficit over four years but he says the  cutting should be done more carefully and slowly.

 He knows  there is a political risk in aligning himself to close into a  movement dominated by the trade unions.

 He said again and again  that the people gathered on this field this afternoon were from the  mainstream majority.

 The Cabinet minister Francis Maude said today  that they had to state their position though he understood why  people had come here this afternoon.

 If we don't take the strong  decisive action we are taking now, Britain would have decades of our  children and grandchildren picking up the bills for our failure to  deal with it now.

 I wish we didn't have to do this.

 Next month the  cuts will start in earnest so there is a good chance in the months and  years ahead we will see more demonstrations like this one.

  Libyan rebels backed by coalition airstrikes have retaken the  strategic town of Ajdabiya from forces loyal to Colonel Gaddafi.

 It  is the first town to fall back into rebel hands since the allied  attacks began a week ago.

 There have been wild celebrations  in Ajdabiya, these rebels say it is a town that had been terrorised by  Gaddafi loyalists and it has now been liberated.

 The rebels see this  town as a gateway to Western advance against Colonel Gaddafi.

  But the fall of this town has been a strange affair, the rebels more  or less walked into it early this morning after coalition warplanes,  including RAF Tornados, carried out waves of devastating air strikes  against Gaddafi forces on the ground.

 In Tripoli, the government  admits its fighters retreated in the face of overwhelming firepower.

  The involvement of the coalition forces was very direct, and they  were heavily involved.

 That is why the Libyan Armed forces decided to  leave Ajdabiya early this morning.

 The air strikes have done  extraordinary damage to Colonel Gaddafi's forces in Ajdabiya.

 We  have counted dozens of tanks that have been destroyed or abandoned.

  This is a morale boosting victory for the rebels but they could not  have achieved it without the sophistication and power of the  coalition air force.

 Police investigating the murder of  Sian O'Callaghan say they have found more human remains, this time  in Gloucestershire.

 Her body was found in Oxfordshire two days ago.

  She went missing after visiting a Swindon nightclub last weekend.

 A  man was arrested on Thursday and shortly afterwards police began  looking for a second body.

 We could not be specific about the dates and  the year, but he was able to give me the exact location of the body.

  He told me that a young woman had been taken by him from the Swindon  area, and this morning officers have found remains which we  believed to be human.

 Football and England have gone top  of their group on goal difference after beating Wales 2-0 in their  Euro 2012 qualifiers.

 The latest instalment in an ancient  rivalry, and for the home fans a chance to rediscover the spark has  been missing from Welsh football.

 Concerns over captaincy may have  dominated the build-up in Cardiff, but now it was time for the contest.

  An international derby with pride at stake as much as points.

 This  pitched same David against Goliath, the Welsh hopes of an upset  suffered an early blow when Collins conceded a penalty.

 Lampard  justified his selection.

 It soon got worse for Wales, this cross  converted by Darren Bent.

 England two up inside 15 minutes.

 Wales  improved after the restart, Aaron Ramsey trying to lead by example,  but England were comfortable.

 The only complaint was this laser pen  directed at the eyes of Jack Wilshere.

 Unlike yesterday, Fabio  Capello will have had few regrets.



 throughout the afternoon.

 Now it is  I heard last Vegas was suffering from the economic downturn.

 They  This week we have a bit of room -- rough and tumble.

 Can the world's  toughest tech survive a direct hit? We look at the car that parks  itself and has a few other tricks up its sleeve.

 And the weird and  wonderful gadgets we've found in a baker's round of our coverage from  the consumer electronics show.

 We have the latest Tech News and how  to access one of the best known photo editing suites for nothing -  just one of our top web tips in this week's Webscape.

 Welcome back  to Las Vegas.

 This is a really weird place.

 They call this the  boneyard.

 It's when neon signs come to die.

 Interestingly, they are not  here because they've stopped working.

 They are here because the  hotels they were attached to have been torn down and replaced by  younger, newer models.

 That is a really good metaphor for the world  of technology, where a new gadget is the least every other week or so.

  It's perhaps because we all know that we will be renewing our  devices fairly frequently that modern gadgets just don't seem to  be built to last.

 Drop your mobile phone on a hard floor and you  probably broken it.

 However, some devices do claim to be more rugged.

  In fact, this time last year Dan Simmons was invited to test out a  supposedly indestructible phone.

 The results became it somewhat of a  YouTube sensation.

 This is the world's most rugged  phone.

 Well, according to the manufacturer it is.

 Last year, I  tested a phone that was waterproof, shock proof, everything prove  apparently.

 Even the company's CEO said so.

 It is basically  unbreakable.

 If you find a way to break it, we are going to give you  a free phone.

 And that was like a red rag to a bowl.

 -- bow.

 There  goes the screen.

 You've actually broken the phone.

 That's a TV first.

  It's been eight years since I accidentally scratched Sonim's new  phone.

 But unbelievably, Bob, the CEO, wants to have another go.

 The  thing is, they've provided me with this height his jacket and a hard  Good to see you, welcome back to Vegas.

 How have you been there  since last year since we played with that phone? Since you've been  able to break the phone on camera, things have been fantastic.

 We took  it as a challenge.

 We needed to make a phone that could not be  broken.

 We went back to the drawing board and we now have at when you  phone.

 We want you to test it out for the first time.

 Great.

 It's a  winning break.

 I've had daybreak phone but that's ridiculous!  think you will have to break the concrete open.

 Go ahead, this is  I've brought a wrench as well.

 Hello? I'm sorry, you are breaking  up.

 14 missed calls, that tragedy.

 That is so much better than the  last one forced are absolutely.

 can't leave it with you this way.

  We need to clean up up for you.

 Let's go and wash it off before  starting the process we are going to break a new record.

 It's called  items 69.

 That means the phone can survive under £1,000 per square  inch.

 That is more than the deep end of a swimming pool.

 That was  last year.

 That didn't work very well.

 We are getting better.

 This  will be the first time that we've ever tried to demonstrate this on  It's ringing.

 Hello? It's for you.

 Hello? No, they are not my gloves!  But they were useful for our final Test.

 Dipping the handset into  anti-freeze, cooled to minus 25 Celsius.

 There we go.

 It's survived  being sprayed at, being held at minus 25 degrees Celsius and being  encased in concrete.

 Overall, a little bit better than last year.

  I'm feeling very good about it.

 notice you didn't bring a fish tank.

  Not this year.

 Maybe next.

 This is not the only bit of Tuff 8Tech on  show at CES.

 I've been trying out a The everyday world can be a bit of  We have these every now and again on the programme, it keeps the  numbers down.

 You want to keep your kid nice and safe.

 These are  particularly liked.

 Their makers describe them as tough as hell.

 The  there are lots of covers on the market offering to protect your  Chinese -- shinies from a direct hit.

 These D are made from  ballistic nylon.

 The company CEO is with me.

 Are you confident these  cases can take a shot from a paint bore gun at close range? Absolutely.

  Have you done this sort of thing before? No, never.

 It looks like  The soft iPad case is stuffed with the dense memory foam you find in  posh mattresses.

 Here, designed to dissipate any impact.

 We were lucky  to escape with our lives there.

 Has it survived? He is the iPad.

 That  is working nicely.

 What about the Kindle? Inside the jacket.

.

.

 The  Kindle is working well.

 While these jackets won't stop a bullet, I have  been looking at some technology which is even tougher than this.

  Inside here is a papped picture of me I'd rather the world didn't see.

  My problem is that this hard drive is billed as the equivalent of an  aircraft's black box for your data.

 And they always recover those,  don't they?! But we want to know just how hard this hard drive is.

  Let's take it for a hard drive.

 This can't be crushed by anything  weighing less than 2000 kilos.

 It's solid state drive is suspended  inside a water and petrol prove case.

 Despite our efforts, be  roughed up box are faithfully served up a photograph of me in the  back of a Vegas limo.

 Time to bring out the big guns.

 Guns, proper ones.

  Loud, big guns.

 Has this scuffed up a little box the finally met its  match? The hard drive is about 20 metres away.

 This is a Remington 12  gauge shotgun.

 Let's see how it In the glare of the lights and we  waited.

 This is the shrapnel from the bullets.

 For good measure, Rob,  the CEO, washed it off in a fish tank.

 A bad omen? Or had the  pictures survived? The drive is connected and it's come up on our  computer screen.

 We will go into the files and see if we can bring  up that picture.

 The driver worked.

 And there's that picture.

 Has  anybody got a tank they can spare Sharpshooter there, lovely guy.

  Don't make him angry! Now time for the TEC news.

 Facebook has put on a  temporary halt plans to allow third-party companies access to  some of its uses' data.

 Concerns were made by security experts that  this could expose Facebook uses to application developers.

 Apple's  chief executive is to take a medical leave of absence, and a  move which saw their share price tumble this week.

 Steve Jobs, who  survived a rare form of pancreatic cancer and then underwent a liver  transplant, has not said how long his medical leave well last or the  reasons.

 And Microsoft is blaming an unnamed third party for the  suspiciously large amount of data usage that some windows phone at  number seven users have been experienced.

 Some phones were  sending and receiving data when its users had not ask them to.

 A  Microsoft spokesman has said it is investigating the problem and that  "we are in contact with the third party to assist them in making the  necessary fixes".

 OK, time to hit the road but there  is plenty more still to come and as you can see, we will be travelling  there in style.

 I am being driven by Las Vegas's most famous  performer.

 Still to come, from cars that keep you safe, to it displays  and virtual dashboards.

 We will look at the technology you may find  behind the wheel in the future.

 And a smash up that helps bring you and  only your friends together in or This monster may be cool enough to  cruise the strip in Las Vegas but when it comes to in-car technology,  it has got a stereo.

.

.

 At this year's consumer electronics show,  we discovered stuffed to help you technologically pimp you're right.

  This turned much of the north wall into a carpeted car-park with an  assortment of on road building, done up interiors and ice-cool  Concepts.

 The underlying theme is that technology can enhance the  driving experience.

 Not all the ideas are entirely new.

 Semi  automated parallel parking is one feature that has been implemented  in several cars already but it is now being rolled out to more cars  and territories.

 The show is also brimming with the latest  catchphrase, infotainment.

 Voice control and a third party at macros  is used directly from the system -- Your Facebook and a twin defeats  can be read out loud.

 All this at your fingertips has the desirable  side-effect of keeping your hands on the wheel and you're on raids on  the road.

 Safety is a sure fire way to attract a premium from  conscientious drivers.

 More to put him card temptations cannot be too  diverting.

 Taser's latest application has an innocuous-  looking box that has a built in the thin card and GPS, which could  prevent thousands of text message related accidents, by disabling the  mobile once the engine has started.

 It can only call a few select  numbers along with the emergency services.

 If the children are  unfortunate enough to need to call 999, the box will alert parents buy  text.

 Safer driving gets more hi- tech with this heads up display.

 It  is a concept now but it is envisaged to hit the road within  the next two years.

 It is great for getting extra information on your  journey.

 There is also an on-screen consulate ready to give useful  information, like pointing up the nearest charging point for your car.

  Another idea is having a video chat with friends using the same system.

  And if you cannot wait two years for a big display, this Tesla has a  17 inch touch-screen! So far we have looked at technology in cars  that are available today but this is different.

 EN-V It arises what  cars will look like in the next century.

 It has the ability to go  and park itself at the touch of a Smartphone.

 Parking is the major  problem in a city today.

 A third of petrol is consumed in city centres  by cars just looking for parking so that is a relatively easy way to  address their quality and greenhouse gas production, to make  it easier to find parking.

 In the future we can imagine parking spots  communicating wireless League to vehicles, I'm available! I am right  here! This is my GPS quarter net! - - quarter nets! That being said,  most manufacturers are charging towards tomorrow's market with  their electric offerings for the mainstream, so future driving could  involve cars that no where they are going, cars that no where to park.

  The only thing left to do yourself is choose the soundtrack.

  I on the subject of attention to detail and glamour, now we have a  bit of life online.

 Your pockets at might not be big  enough to fit your friends, but another entrant into the stew of  social networking sites wants to help: Likeourselves.

com.

 It lets  you hook up with like minded people in all your favourite venues around  town.

 As well as the mobile applications, you can search  through your Web browser, useful if you live out of town and want to  plan your evening before heading in.

 This website is a great idea in  theory and in practice, they seem to have the mechanics in place to  make it work for, say, going out looking for other singles.

 But  establishing yourself as a social network is tough today and it  remains to be seen whether this site to catches the imagination of  the crowd.

 In the meantime, I see a new application today for  businesses and clubs to create their own groups and organise get-  togethers between members without having two managed a guest list.

 --  having it two managed the guest list.

 Another bag brings a location  based group networking into play: Mappr It is only on iPhone and  brings in check-ins on a handy mapping talk so you can mark your  favourite venues and points of Places and groups are fairly recent  additions to Facebook's toolkit, both great applications but places  only works with mobile and groups his friends into the main website,  crazy when you see how well these features work together.

 Been able  to link your Foursquare check-ins to a particular group rather than  all your contacts have some very obvious advantages.

 Sneaky  afternoon off work, any one? Photoshop is without doubt the best  known image editing tool a rout but you don't have 600 quid to spare,  so how about doing this for three? At this website above, you can edit,  Straw, decorate and share your photos for free.

 You can link it to  Facebook, Flickr a photo a bucket and.

 once you sign up, you get your  personal a URL to make it easy.

 You can work on it wherever you have  internet connection.

 It is fairly basic but certainly enough to sort  out those troublesome photographs before you share them with the  world.

 There of three apps for Android hand sets and there is the  added bonus of automatically updated your camera rolled to the  browser based application, a great addition to your creative library.

  We couldn't leave Vegas without the customary look at the weird side of  technological life.

 Richard Taylor has been finding the best of it.

  Forget the big boys and their toys, Cs really comes alive at the  periphery.

 This is where you will happen upon all manner of gadget  madness, in keeping with current fads.

 This year they are mainly a  smart friend related.

 This iPhone come time-travelling TARDIS would  make a good doctor who proud, integrating a speaker and infra-red  transmitter, so when you want to control your TV without a  traditional remote, simply send the signals via Bluetooth and it will  blast up the come-ons for you.

 Less flashy but more useful, this is a  phone holder, at a decent viewing and reading angles.

 For truly  portable viewing, check out this TV hat.

 There you have it, a personal  big-screen viewing experience and in the process, to delete  redefining the notion of a hefty mobile-phone bill.

 Thankfully, not  all Hyypia was as hideous in design.

 Not another slightly ridiculous  looking pair of 3 D spectacles, some of ski goggles.

 Inside, it  built in GPS censor, temperature sensor and an LCD display in all  the information so you can see how fast you are going, your altitude,  how cold it is.

 When you get back from your run, a new download all  your data to your computer and in the near future there will be  wireless capability so you can stream of real time video and it  will be also the Stig will be pleased.

 Lurking behind the hybrid  rabbits exterior, like a host of Connectivity and he is all ears if  you want to instruct him to find some online music.

 He would even  hop online to deliver news, weather.

.

.

 Mostly cloudy.

 And even  horoscopes, although I would like to see him predict his own future.

  For lots of ideas here, Vegas is the perfect backdrop to indulge a  foolhardy flutter.

 This is an alarm clock a guaranteed to shake you out  of your bed covers as you try to catch it before it reads anymore  havoc around the bedroom, absolutely absurd!  There you go, done and dusted for another year.

 I hope you enjoy it  our cruise around Vegas.

 We are

 Welcome to Wales Today, I'm Lucy  Owen.

 Despite years of opposition, a housing development on Llanelli's  old Stradey Park rugby ground gets the final go ahead.

  £15,000 worth of instruments taken from this band in Pontardulais - a  scrap metal dealer is found guilty of handling stolen goods.

  To see somebody working very hard to achieve, yet destroyed.

 It is  heart-wrenching.

 A new scheme that is a first for  Wales.

 For centuries people have panned  for gold - now treasure hunters in Snowdonia face heavy fines and even  jail in a bid to protect the environment.

 Good evening.

 In sport,  we'll be talking rugby as Warren Gatland gets ready to name his Six  Nations Squad.

 And his boss at Arsenal says he needs game time -  could Aaron Ramsey be on his way Good evening.

 After years of legal  wrangling, and fierce local opposition, plans to build homes on  the site of the old Stradey Park ground in Llanelli have got the  final go-ahead.

 The Assembly Government has decided not to  involve itself in the planning decision, after Carmarthenshire  council approved the building of 355 houses.

 Ross Harries is at the  site for us tonight.

 Good evening.

 This site behind me  has been the scene of many a historic rugby match, having been  the home of Llanelli RFC and the Scarlets for more than a century.

  But in recent years the site has been in limbo, empty and deserted,  after a long and complicated planning row.

 But now a decision  taken by the Assembly Government This is a story that has had many  twists and turns.

 It began when the Scarlets decided to leave Stradey  Park and move to the other side of town.

 The Stradey Park site was  sold.

 Taylor Wimpey announced plans to build several hundred houses.

  There followed a public inquiry during which a significant number  of locals raised objections, including potential flood risks and  a strain on the sewerage system.

 The proposals would give an outline  approval in 2007.

 The assembly Government intervened.

 It  considered the flood risk and national rather than local issue.

  That meant Government ministers would make the final decision.

 This  led the development in the air.

 Taylor Wimpey expressed their  extreme disappointment.

 Now having considered the plans in detail, the  assembly Government has decided not to involve itself in the decision.

  This is a setback for opponents.

 There is already a complaint in  with the European Commission.

 Obviously we need to follow that  with Europe as soon as possible.

 We need obviously as well to get back  to the Welsh Assembly Government to assess their attitude.

 Taylor  Wimpey say they have co-operated fully with the Government and  addressed all the issues of concern.

 They are looking forward to  starting work and creating jobs.

 After more than four years of  wrangling, the last big hurdle for the developers has been removed.

  But there may yet be another twist in this tale.

  Opponents of the scheme have been pretty vocal from the start.

 They  still feel their concerns have not been addressed, and they have no  intention of giving up the fight.

 They will meet next Thursday to  discuss their next move.

 Taylor Wimpey had actually threatened to  take the Government to court or the length of time they were taking to  arrive at the decision.

 They have made that final decision before the  deadline given to them by Taylor Wimpey.

 A brief statement from  Carmarthenshire County Council.

 They are pleased with the  developments.

 Because they are planning development had given up  The leader of a gang of burglars, who stole more than £15,000 worth  of musical instruments from a brass band in Carmarthenshire, has been  jailed for six months.

 A scrap metal dealer who was captured on  CCTV handling the stolen goods, escaped jail, but he was ordered to  pay £500 in compensation.

 The burglars sold the brass instruments  The rousing sound of the Pontardulais band.

 The musicians  were silenced when their collection of instruments was stolen.

 Thieves  took them to Marcus Egon's scrap- metal yard near Swansea.

 What  happened next was caught on CCTV camera.

 He is standing on the right  as the stolen instruments are unloaded.

 Look how one of the gang  of tries the drama out for himself.

 The symbols prove equally tempting.

  After a few minutes, all of the instruments were crushed.

 You get  attached to these instruments.

 We play them every day.

 To see  somebody worked very hard to achieve and yet have them destroyed,  it was heart wrenching.

 It still is.

 This is all that remains.

 £15,000  worth of musical instruments completely destroyed.

 This is all  that remains of a cornet.

 This is part of a set of tubular Bells.

  Everything completely crushed.

 The West Wales band now has a new set  of instruments and is preparing for a busy season of competitions.

  Marcus Degen is facing the music.

 - Other news, and tributes have been  paid to three people killed on the M4 near Cardiff on Monday night.

  Louise Evans, her partner Tom Padden and his father Stephen, were  returning to Porthcawl from a holiday in Morocco.

 Today Louise's  mum said her daughter was "wonderful and caring".

 The Padden  family say Tom had "an infectious personality that rubbed off on  everyone he met", while Stephen "lived for the moments he shared  with his family".

 Rural parts of Wales could get  cheaper broadband under proposals from the communications regulator.

  Ofcom wants BT to cut the amount it charges in parts of the country  where it is the sole supplier of broadband.

 Rhodri Williams is the  director of Ofcom in Wales.

 What does this mean for people living in  a rural parts of the country? problem in many parts is there is  the lack of competition.

 BT is the only provider.

 As a result there is  not competition for better services, faster services, and there is no  competition about price.

 By proposing that BT drops the price  up wholesale products by between 10 and 15%, that hopefully will mean  that other service providers can compete with BT using BT pubs  infrastructure, but selling it at different prices, or perhaps  offering different services.

 Either the price will come down or the  quality will increase.

 Do you think forcing BT to charge lower prices  could dissuaded from investing in rural areas? There is a part of  what BT does, which is providing faster services, and that will be  exempt from this.

 We hope these proposals will mean that BT will be  in centre advised to continue to invest as it does all the time.

 --  will have the incentive to continue to invest.

 They will still be able  to invest in their faster services, Bodde cut the price of the service  they provide to other service providers.

 -- but cut the price.

  Gold is our most precious metal - and in these tough times it's more  valuable and sought after than ever.

 But now gold panners in north Wales  have been told they could face a £20,000 fine or a jail sentence if  they look for the metal.

 It comes after recent damage to the rivers  Mawddach and Wen near Dolgellau, from where Simon Pusey now reports.

  People had used this simple method to search for gold for centuries.

  That is no longer an option in north Wales.

 Now these signs warn  of the consequences of gold panning.

 The Forestry Commission is a  massive land manager and we have to take responsibilities for  activities we allow.

 This is a mecca for outdoor recreation.

 But  we have to be mindful of other activities which may be causing  damage to this environment.

 This is an example of such damage.

 A hole  has been cut into a bank and soil removed.

 The nearby River Mawddach  had several tons of bedrock removed.

 Planning for a gold on the River  Wen has been hit popular activity.

 But as the price of gold has  increased, it is more popular than causing environmental damage.

  could affect the fishery.

 It could impact on the water quality.

  Andris has been a gold Prospector for more than 30 years.

 -- Andrews.

  At the present moment in Scotland, we have licences issued up there.

  Their work exceedingly well.

 Are rules and regulations which  everybody adhered to.

 -- had here too.

 Because there is no regulation  in Wales, anything goes.

 The gold panners are still in  discussions with the authorities.

 But unless they can reach agreement,  their hobby nee go down the pan.

 Still ahead tonight: For decades,  this railway line hasn't been used, but now plans to get trains back on  the tracks.

 And Ramsey's return - after  breaking his leg, could Cardiff City help him get back to full  Every year, perfectly edible food worth millions of pounds is thrown  away in Wales.

 But a new scheme in Denbighshire, the first of its kind  here, is aiming to change all of that.

 Fareshare Cymru collects food  from supermarkets and local businesses which would otherwise go  into landfill and distributes it to Freshly baked bread, there is  nothing quite like it.

 And here at this bakery their pride themselves  on producing the very best.

 It means some perfectly good food will  not make it to the shops.

 That is where Fareshare Cymru comes in.

  Obviously some of the bread is not good enough to send to the shops.

  But perfectly edible.

 Rather than waste it, if we can help other  people in the, why not? The Food comes here to the Warehouse staffed  by volunteers.

 I am not in work at the moment and I wanted to do  something that would put something back into the community.

 I think  Fareshare Cymru takes those boxers.

 I'm enjoying myself and then  delivering food to people who need our services.

 The team take it out  to organisations that work with people who struggle to find enough  money to feed themselves.

 It is a very good thing.

 There are  a lot of people in Wales who cannot afford to buy food.

 There are a lot  of homeless people in the rail and in the Denbighshire area, and if it  wasn't for this place we would probably be freezing to death the  project has been running since September.

 They have distributed  almost £37,000 worth of food to vulnerable people.

 They have helped  17 community groups.

 Fareshare Cymru was established went with the  help of almost two and have and £50,000 from the Big Lottery Fund.

  They say there needs they're trying to meet a greater than they can  Plans are being drawn up to regenerate Swansea's historic Hafod  Copperworks.

 The site, which is over 200 years old, is home to 12  listed buildings.

 Swansea Council and Swansea University are now  working on a feasibility study for the old works to make sure the  city's industrial past isn't forgotten.

  For over a century the lower Swansea valley was the world centre  for copper smelting.

 Known as Copperopolis, smoke billowed out of  hundreds of chimneys, Now 200 years on, just a couple tower in to the  sky from derelict buildings.

 Huw Boden from Swansea University fears  it'll become a forgotten past but now a new regeneration project  could give it a future.

 The idea is that we marry new technologies with  internationally significant buildings so that for future  generations, they have a real sense of what put Swansea on the map and  I think we need to be celebrating that and also cashing in on it.

  Cashing in hasn't happened.

 With the Liberty Stadium and a shopping  complex just across the road, last year the council put the land up  for sale.

 There were plans to make the old copper plants a destination  once more, with a waterfront hotel, restaurant and homes.

 But tough  economic times have seen little interest in restoring the grade 2  listed buildings.

 To bring them back into sympathetic use and make  them sustainable would be rather expensive.

 I think what developers  are looking for is for us to work with the university and other  organisations to see what we can do.

 200 years ago, it would have been  noisy and bustling with activity.

 Copper would be hat -- would have  been coming here from right across the world.

 Now it is hoped that  Swansea's rich industrial past will not be forgotten.

 And those  educational and research facilities which could be based here in years  to come will ensure a bright future.

 Nearly half a century after it  carried its last regular passengers, there are hopes that the rail line  between Llangefni and Gaerwen on Anglesey could be re-opened.

  Network Rail has started a feasibility study into the project.

  The scheme's backers say, if reopened, it could encourage car  commuters from Anglesey to the mainland to switch to public  transport.

 It was lost when the so-called  Beechy axe fell but there were attempts to save it.

 The Central  Line First opened as far back as 1864 and served rail users on  Anglesey for 60 years.

 Originally, it took in communities along and --  added to -- along an 80 mile route.

 Now they are looking at reopening  four and a half miles, as far as Llangefni.

 The tracks are still  here.

 The last scheduled passenger train came through in 1964.

 The  line it stayed open into the 1990s for freight.

 The network Rail Study  is seen as the first step to reopening the line.

 The scheme's  backers say the main benefit would be for local commuters.

 We know  that there are about 10,000 people across the island and across the  bridges to go and work on the mainland.

 If we can harness some of  those to use public transport and trains in particular, then we are  in a win-Wint situation.

 Llangefni today, there are a few  hints of the times when the trains did run.

 So the big question, would  people use them? Definitely.

 It would be easier and cheaper.

 Would  you use it? Yes, I would.

 If you cannot drive it is perfect.

 What  will it save you? A good 10 or 15 minutes.

 If we go by bus at the  moment, it can be anything up to and away.

 A possible return to the  age of the train.

 A decision is expected by the end of the year.

  There's a busy weekend of sport ahead.

 Claire's here with all the  details.

 Good evening.

 We start with  football and could Aaron Ramsey be coming back to Cardiff City? The  Arsenal and Wales midfielder has recently returned to the game after  a serious injury.

 Today his boss hinted that a short stint at  Cardiff could be on the cards.

 Before breaking his leg last year,  Aaron Ramsey was establishing himself at both Premiership and  international level.

 He's already spent part of this season on loan  at Nottingham Forest and today Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said  he could go to Cardiff City for a month, with a view to returning for  the end of Arsenal's season.

 Ramsey would find more than one familiar  face at Cardiff including Arsenal forward Jay Emmanuel Thomas.

 The  loan signing could make his debut for the Bluebirds against in-form  Watford tomorrow.

 It is a good feeling to know that I am here and  I will be playing.

 Me coming here knowing that I can have an effect  on them coming to the Premier League is good.

 Top scorer Jay  Bothroyd is also in contention to play following injury.

 Cardiff are  one place below Swansea City who are second in the Championship.

 The  Swans travel to Barnsley tomorrow.

 They have a very good manager with  good players.

 They will make it tough for us at home.

 We need  concentration.

 We need to ensure that we play with the same focus  and the same mentality that we have done in a lot of our games.

 A  the Blue Square Premier, Newport play their first league match since  the departure of manager Dean Holdsworth.

 They entertain Rushden  and Diamonds.

 The club have confirmed that former Wales striker  John Hartson is a contender to take over at Spytty Park.

 We have got to  look for a manager capable of taking this club forward and into  the Football League because ultimately, that is where we want  to go.

 Unbeaten in the league since October, Wrexham now occupy play-  off place.

 They're aiming for a fourth win in a row at Cambridge  tomorrow.

 More on that, and plenty more, on  Sport Wales tonight, BBC2 Wales from 7:00pm.

  Rugby and on Sunday, Warren Gatland will name his squad for the Six  Nations.

 It's been a difficult few weeks for the Wales Coach with key  players forced out of selection with injury.

 Former Wales  international Brynmor Williams is here.

 It is hugely disappointing  for any coach not to be at full strength.

 How weekend is Wales with  these injuries? I feel for Warren Gatland.

 I cannot remember the last  time he had a Phil -- full squad to choose from.

 We will be weakened in  the front row.

 Maybe after the last World Cup, we should have set up a  title -- tight-head prop clinic.

 We know we have been weak in that area.

  Lots of good candidates but they are low on experience.

 I think  there is a need to focus in the future.

 We need to focus on  building the strength of the weak areas.

 There is no strength in  depth.

 The list is long.

 There are some big names but some great  opportunities for other players to stand up and be counted.

 People  like Rhys Priestland, Jonathan Davies.

 I would like to see Dwayne  Peel leg -- back in the squad.

 We could have 11 or 12 Lions starting  against England.

 But they will have to have a platform up front.

 We  were outstanding at front in the autumn series.

 They need to build  on that can trap -- start translating that into winning games  in preparation for the World Cup.

 fortnight tonight, we will be  biting our nails, England first step for Wales in the Six Nations.

  How much of a boost with that windy? It would be a massive boost  on two fronts, we need to get back into the winning habit.

 And we like  to beat the English.

 The English were getting better against the  sides in the autumn series.

 We are playing at home and the boys will  be fired up.

 I think we can expect a narrow victory, fingers crossed!  Warren Gatland will be hoping that no more players join the casualty  list, as the final round of Heineken Cup pool matches are  played this weekend.

 Welsh hopes rest with the Scarlets.

 They need  to conjure an unlikely win in France, to have any chance of  making the quarter-finals.

 It's been five seasons since Wales have  failed to get a team in the Heineken Cup quarter-finals.

 But  this year, there's a real danger of the Welsh being shut out of the  last eight.

 The only region who can still do it are the Scarlets.

  They're in one of the tightest qualification pools.

 Leicester are  expected to pick up maximum points against Italian whipping boys  Treviso, which leaves Perpignan and the Scarlets to battle it out for a  best runners-up spot.

 The Scarlets's defeat to Leicester  on Saturday means they are now dependent on other results going  their way.

 And even then, they will have to do something that no other  Welsh region has done before.

 Win in Perpignan.

 It is a tough place  to go.

 They have a good home record.

 Week at the first club to win out  in France -- we were.

 We are used to breaking records.

 Perpignan is a  passionate rugby town in South West France with a fortress mentality  when it comes to their local team.

 The old Llanelli club side have  been there before and came off second best, although the  generation of 2011 think they can go there and win, after beating the  same team back at Parc Y Scarlets last year.

 It is a massive  challenge but I think if we do not believe we can go one win, it is  pointless going.

 You have to believe you can win.

 Hopefully we  will win on Sunday.

 The other three regions are already out but still  hope to finish on a high, especially at the Liberty Stadium  where the Ospreys take on Jonny Wilkinson's big spending Toulon.

  Shane Williams is on the bench for that game.

 He hasn't played since  dislocating his shoulder against South Africa in November.

 His  return coming just in time to prove his fitness for Wales' Six Nations  It is winter sunshine galore this week but it is so called!  We should not complain.

 At least it has not been raining.

 There is more  dry weather to come over the weekend but I cannot promise  sunshine everywhere.

 Last night, the temperatures were extremely low.

  And tonight, Jack Frost will be out for revenge.

 It is another  widespread frost.

 Staying dry with some freezing fog.

 No doubt, a few  spots will go extremely low.

 High pressure will remain in charge.

  Centred over Ireland.

 Tomorrow, dry.

 A few mist and fog patches possible.

  Cloudy across Monmouthshire, Newport, Inter Cardiff.

 Clear risk  lies in Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire.

 Generally more cloud  than we have seen recently but there will be breaks.

 Some sunshine  in places, for example Ceredigion.

 Top temperatures six Celsius.

 In  the Swansea Valley, dry with sunshine.

 Temperatures rising to  five Celsius.

 Tomorrow night, a few mist and fog patches and also a  slight frost.

 Sunday, generally dry.

 Mist and fog patches will lift.

  Plenty of cloud around but if you are lucky, you will see the sun.

  Next week, light rain and drizzle.

 Otherwise dry.

 Temperatures a  Have a nice weekend.

 The main news again, the Prime  Minister's communications chief, Andy Coulson, has resigned.

 He had  been under pressure over phone hacking allegations at the News of  the world, where he used to be editor.

 In Wales, plans to build  homes on the site of the old Stradey Park ground in Llanelli  have got the go-ahead.

 The Assembly Government has decided not to  involve itself in the planning

 Good afternoon.

 Police in Northern  Ireland say a van left under a bridge on the main Belfast to  Dublin road contained a sophisticated and substantial bomb  which could have caused huge devastation and loss of life.

 The  device, weighing 500lbs and packed into a wheelie bin, is being blamed  on dissident Republicans.

 It's thought police activity in the area  may have forced the van to be abandoned on Thursday in an  underpass beneath the main A1 road near Newry.

 Nick Higham is in  Belfast for us.

 Clive, there has been widespread  condemnation from across Ireland at what looks like an upsurge in  violence by breakaway dissident republicans.

 Today, police said  another terrorist outrage was narrowly out -- averted.

 Yesterday,  on a road between Belfast and Dublin, motorists drive past a  parked van, and away it contained a we been packed with explosives.

 --  a wheelie bin.

 Police said it was a viable and sophisticated bomb and  very dangerous.

 The bomber which detonated last in February at the  courthouse, contained 300 pounds of explosives.

 The Omagh bombing was  ï¿½800.

 This was a significant device which, had it reached its target,  which we don't know at this point, would have caused huge devastation  and loss of life.

 The Omagh bomb in 1980 is devastated the town centre  and left 29 people dead.

 Including a woman pregnant with twins.

 Police  say that the bomb was on route to another town centre, perhaps, when  it was abandoned because of police activity.

 This morning, traces of  the explosion which destroyed the device.

 Yesterday, the police  cordoned off the area after telephone warnings, but many  drivers ignored the warning,.

 Unfortunately some members of a  public decided, despite the fact the road was closed, they got out  of their vehicle, and removed traffic cones and signs and drove  through the cordon.

 That continued and in one instance yesterday, we  had police at the scene, a driver who drove over the traffic cones  down the A1 and we had to chase that driver.

 This comes after a  police officer was murdered recently.

 Police have arrested  three men but his death but they say there's nothing to suggest that  at that condemnation has changed the dissidents's mind said.

 Police  warned yesterday terrorists are still targeting police officers and  they expect the diffidence may escalate their activities in the  run-up to the Northern Ireland Assembly elections next month and  the visit by the Queen to the Irish Republic and days find, it looks  like confirmation of that.

 OK, we will leave it there.

 At  least five people have been killed after a gunman opened fire at a  shopping centre in the Netherlands.

 16 others were wounded during the  attack in the town of Olphe en der Rine, 13 miles south-west of  Amsterdam.

 The gunman also killed himself.

 Chris Morris reports.

  It was an ordinary sunny Saturday in an ordinary suburban shopping  centre.

 And then a young man opened fire, apparently at random, with an  automated weapon, sparking mass TRANSLATION: I looked at to the  left and saw two people at line on the ground motion less and then I  saw a man with an automatic weapon and.

 He was white, 25-26, wearing  camouflage gear.

 TRANSLATION: There was a noise of a  machine gun.

 That is what we heard.

 We were shocked and we thought it  couldn't be true.

 These pictures show the wounded being evacuated,  several in a critical condition.

 Among the dead, the gun man himself.

  His motive, and the known at this point.

 If the police have cordoned  off the area and another hitherto unremarkable small town has  experienced the terror of a sudden, unexpected violence.

  In Libya, state-run television has shown Colonel Gaddafi for the first  time in nearly a week.

 He is seen visiting a school in Tripoli.

 These  pictures are said to have been filmed earlier today and some  pupils are heard shouting anti- western slogans.

 Meanwhile, forces  loyal to Colonel Gaddafi have launched an assault on Ajdabiya, a  key rebel-held area.

 Our correspondent Jon Leyne is in the  city of Benghazi.

 What more can you tell us on the situation? Well, at  the moment, when the opposition forces they -- or thought they were  pushing of the forces back, there was a surprise attack.

 Pro-Gaddafi  forces got some vehicles in to Ajdabiya from the desert, from the  side where they don't usually have fighting.

 There were some fierce  battles, hand to hand fighting, and now there rebel military say they  have seen off that attack and say they were between 20-40 vehicles  used by the government.

 They have killed some government fighters.

  They allege that those fighters include Algeria mercenaries.

 So far  we can't verify that.

 On their side, the rebels say they lost eight  people in these sightings.

 It doesn't sound like a serious  attempt by the government to recapture Ajdabiya, the last time  before Benghazi.

 It has succeeded in unsettling the opposition.

  you.

 Police have been given more time to  question a Royal Navy serviceman following a fatal shooting on board  a nuclear submarine yesterday.

 A weapons engineer, Lieutenant  Commander Ian Molyneux, was killed and another officer wounded.

 Robert  Hall reports.

 HMS Astute should have been are  nearing the end of a five-day goodwill visit this evening, but  she is still held by police, at the heart of a murder inquiry.

 In the  past our, senior officers confirmed they were continuing to question a  member of her crew about the shootings in the submarine's  control centre.

 They are now able to name the officer who died.

  unable to confirm the offer so fatally injured was 36-year-old  lieutenant Commander Ian Molyneux.

 The weapons engineering officer on  board HMS Astute.

 Our thoughts and sympathies are with his family and  friends at this time.

 Hampshire police have said this will be a  complex investigation.

 They have to interviewed dozens of potential  witnesses on and off HMS Astute and will need to know something of the  procedures covering what are routine weapons changes, and they  need to establish the exact chain of events which led up to a tragic  confrontation.

 Tributes to Ian Molyneux have come from the Navy  and from his wife, Julian.

 She said he was utterly devoted to his  family.

 Everything he did was for us.

 He was a very proud to be an  officer in the submarine service and he will live on in our four  beautiful children.

 HMS Astute is fit for see but her visit could be  longer than expected.

 In the last half an hour,  Ballabriggs, trained by Donald McCain and ridden by Jason Maguire,  won the Grand National.

 The 14-1 winner held off Oscar Time at a sun  drenched Aintree.

 Our correspondent Andy Swiss is there.

  Yes, welcome to Aintree where we have had a glorious weather and  another national to remember.

 This raised have a habit of delivering a  gripping finishes and this one was no exception.

 The time for  reflection was over and under blue skies, they swarmed to Aintree with  sunglasses hats and a familiar dilemma.

 How do you predict the  most unpredictable of races? In the end, it was the midnight club which  went aloft as favoured but his 39 rivals had other ideas.

 As they  embarked on one of sport's toughest challenges, inevitably there were  people who felt.

 -- fell.

 But, Ballabriggs, he edged ahead.

 What  followed was an epic struggle as  Oscar time threatened.

 But  COMMENTATOR: As it is Ballabriggs.

 Delight for the jockey, Jason  Maguire, who could scarcely believe his achievement.

 The we tried to be  in the first 10.

 He was jumping fence to fence.

 The heat had taken  its toll on Ballabriggs who was too exhausted to make it to the winners  enclosure but, on a glorious day, this was a glorious victory.

  Yes, a fantastic victory for Ballabriggs.

 Disappointment for  last year's winner, Don't Push It,

 More at eight and 10:25pm.

 We are  Welcome to Friday's Look North.

 Tonight - the spoils of drugs.

  Antique treasures are auctioned off as the dealers face payback time.

  We have two reports tonight on the consequences for those steeped in  the drugs trade.

 Also on the programme.

  Lifesavers - the pet dogs who managed to get help when their  owner was lying desperately injured.

 And facing a rough ride - the off-  road bikers gearing up for a one- off racing event.

 And it has done a  Mother's Day role stop clear blue And First tonight, two stories  which provide graphic illustrations of the massive amounts of money  being made out of the criminal trade in drugs in Yorkshire.

 In a  moment, we'll hear how a dealer's ill-gotten gains were auctioned off  by the police.

 But first, the painstaking forensic detective work  which trapped a heroin smuggler with half a million pounds of the  drug.

 John Cundy reports from Bradford.

 When police searched two  course here in Bradford, they found five apparently innocent pictures.

  But forensic examination was to uncover a highly sophisticated  method of hiding deadly dangerous 100% pure heroin.

 Detectives have  found drugs hidden in cricket balls and sown into carpets, but hidden  in Islamic paintings? It was a job for the forensic science  laboratories at Wetherby.

 By painstaking analysis they  extricated pure heroin hidden behind hardboard at the back of the  Islamic paintings.

 The man found with the heroin had been 32-year-  old addict Tariq Hussain, a father of three from Bradford.

 He was  jailed today for seven years and nine months.

 It was a test for the  scientist to actually work on the paintings that had been recovered.

  It was a very detailed, complex inquiry.

 When you look at  impurities that have been put into his kilo of of heroin, this would  have mixed down because you dilute the drugs, from the 100% to the  actual value and quantity of heroin that would have reached the streets  is almost immeasurable.

 Recovered in Kensington Street last June, the  two bags in the boot of the BMW car but insidehad been the paintings  with possibly half-a-million pounds worth of drugs hidden in them.

  Every picture tells a story, but this was one of the strangest yet  Next, another drug dealer with an interest in art.

 When Philip  Meadows was caught in Doncaster three years ago, he had £150,000  worth of cocaine on him.

 But the 70-year-old was also turning big  profits.

 He used the money to buy a fine collection of paintings and  antiques.

 Today South Yorkshire Police used the Proceeds of Crime  Act to get some of the money back by selling his treasures.

 They  raised £48,000.

 Tom Ingall went to see the hammer fall.

  On the face of it, it's a normal auction.

 But 130 of the 600 lots  used to belong to a drug dealer.

 70-year-old Philip Meadows spent  his profits on a fine collection of art and antiques.

 Today, South  Yorkshire Police are selling it off.

 The money goes to the Home Office.

  They take 50%.

 The rest his desire -- divided into the agencies that  have been involved in the crime process.

 Some of the money will  find its way to charity in the shape of the South Yorkshire  Community Foundation.

 It's the first time the force have held an  auction like this.

 That's partly due to the quality of the  collection.

 It is not so much eclectic as knowledgeable.

 There  are interesting items and you have to have known what he was buying.

  Some of them are unusual, some of the ivories.

 And the cows which  will prove to be popular.

 Quite a lot of the jury is of substantial  value, watches and diamond rings -- jewellery.

 And also the clock,  nature and an early painting, some local paintings.

 All very good, hi-  fi News.

 Of all the ill-gotten gains going under the hammer, what  is expected to meet the most of these watches.

 Each has an estimate  of around £2,000 to £3,000.

 Everything in Mr Meadows collection  was brought legitimately but the money that paid for it came from  supplying class A drugs.

 Even when he comes out of prison, he'll never  see his collection again.

 Stay with us for the reality behind  a film blockbuster.

 We meet the real-life stammerers speaking out  Two men have admitted attacking Suzanne Blamires six months before  she became one of the three murder victims in Bradford of the so-  called Crossbow Cannibal Stephen Griffiths.

 Slovak nationals  Jaroslav Balog and Jiri Soukal have been remanded in custody by  Bradford Crown Court.

 They pleaded guilty to assaulting Miss Blamires,  who worked as a prostitute, in the red-light district of the city in  December 2009.

 They'll be sentenced next month.

  The death of a North Yorkshire soldier killed in a collision on  the A1 was totally unnecessary, according to a Judge.

 Air Trooper  James Ashdown was killed by a Portuguese van driver who fell  asleep at the wheel.

 Paulo Garcia was sentenced to two years and  eight months in jail after attempting a three day journey in  just 36 hours in August last year.

 An injunction preventing dairy  farmers from protesting outside Asda distribution centres has been  lifted.

 Farmers for Action, who are campaigning to be paid more for  their milk, were due to go to court to challenge the ban.

 But they've  reached agreement with the Yorkshire-based supermarket that  they can continue to protest as long as they don't disrupt day-to-  day business.

 East Coast Trains are introducing a  direct return rail service from London to Harrogate.

 It's the first  new train service into the town for over 25 years.

 The train will go  from Kings Cross to Harrogate via Leeds from mid May.

 Business  leaders have welcomed it.

 A stay of execution, but only for a  week.

 Boxy the champion bull's life is hanging on the decision of a  high court judge in London.

 Back in March last year, he tested positive  for bovine tuberculosis and should have been slaughtered.

 But his  owners, who farm near Doncaster, say the test was botched and have  been fighting through the courts ever since.

 Danny Carpenter reports.

  He is every inch a champion.

 Hallmarked cow is one of the finest  British blonde bulls in the country.

 He may weigh more than a ton, but  he is still this lady's baby.

 But he could have just days to live.

  After 10 months of legal wrangling following a disputed blood test, he  is facing slaughter and the Government's tuberculosis of rules.

  We were devastated.

 But like per se, if the test had been carried out  correctly, and in the same manner that the majority of the other  animals on the farm were done, it would have been easier to accept it.

  They say the sample that failed was mixed blood from the same bowl but  different arrangers.

 It should not, they say, the valet.

 -- different  syringes.

 Tests on the head have been done five times of and there  are clear, but DEFRA will not redo the tests.

 It is ridiculous.

 I will  pay for it.

 In fact I will give them £1,000 to test him.

 DEFRA do  not accept there was anything wrong with the Test and say controls must  be applied with consistency and rigour, particularly where TB  levels are currently low.

 If he ends up getting started, it is not  just the end of the ball, it is the end of the lineage.

 30 years of  breeding to produce one of the best animals in the country will go to  waste.

 After 10 months of stalemate and tens of thousands of Pounds in  legal fees, his fate is due to be decided next week.

 Not by a vet.

  Now I'd like you to meet Lady and Millie.

 These two gorgeous pups are  here with their owner Johanna and gas engineer Matthew Giles.

 And the  reason the four of them have come in this evening is because they  were all involved in a remarkable rescue.

 Johanna, tell us what  happened.

 It was a couple of weeks ago.

 We had had a snow flurry  overnight and it had frozen.

 The next morning as I was going out on  a mid- morning walk, it was snowing again.

 We got to the bottom of our  drive, turned right, and slipped on the ice.

 Went backwards, cracked my  head.

 Unconscious.

 And you were in trouble.

 I laid there.

 I live and a  quiet neighbourhood so it is young families.

 People my own age and  older.

 They are all at at work.

 The older people live in the backs of  the House that overlook the garden.

 So the two dogs set off, and that  is where you come in.

 Yes, we were working down a hole.

 You are a gas  engineer.

 Yes.

 We are gas -- working on the gas mains and we  heard the dogs barking.

 We thought it was strange because the Leeds  were still on the docks.

 -- the dock.

 And then we saw John on the  road.

 The dogs were going frantic, weren't they? Yes, really Barking,  They were coming back with and forwards.

 Incredible.

 Which is  which? This is merely an that one is Lady.

 It is a very loyal breed.

  They are like mine.

 They are a loyal breed, but that, to me, was  above and beyond.

 It was fantastic.

 I don't know how long I would have  lain there if it wasn't for the dogs.

 They are remarkable in every  sense of the word.

 They are beautiful, beautiful nature dogs  and they are fabulous pets.

 Have you ever come across anything like  this before? No, they are proper heroes.

 Honestly.

 They are  wonderful.

 And they're not used to seem you stressed.

 And they  panicked with great results.

 could have been lain there some  time.

 Their temperament is remarkable.

 They are not bothered  being in here.

 Thank you very much.

 There are Dogger was, you know, for  He should get one, it suits you.

 would go down well with the last!  The current box office success The King's Speech has focused attention  on stammering.

 It's a debilitating condition which can never properly  be cured, but can be controlled.

 Our health correspondent Penny  Bustin has been to talk to a group of stammerers about the film and  how they now hope it'll make people more understanding about the  problem.

 From a Catholic priest to a fireman  to a student, this room knows all about the hard work needed to  tackle a stammer.

 All six have more than a year of therapy behind them  and now meet to discuss progress once a month.

 There were some  scenes in the film I am sure all of us would have felt we had been  there at one time or another.

 in media patrols we get  stereotypical stammering which is lots of repetitions.

 Colin Firth's  per child seemed much more -- portrayal seemed much more  realistic, much of the time struggling to say anything at all.

  The King.

.

.

 I have seen a few reviews of the film and they  mentioned the nervous King.

 But he is not.

 People with stammers are  not nervous people.

 It is the stammer that stops them from  speaking.

 All hope greater understanding will free them from  I have been doing this for earlier now.

 It helps me.

 There is talk of  cuts all over the NHS.

 I think the amount of help that speech  therapists give a person who has a stammer really needs to be borne in  mind.

 It only takes a small piece of courtesy to someone whose speech  is not front and that can make a huge difference,'to insolence to  the individual.

 Have used in the film yet? No, I haven't.

 If he does  not win an Oscar, it would be unfair.

 Before seven o'clock:  Seeing double - the twin boxers fighting on the same bill hoping to  win in the Doncaster ring.

 And a fine line - the artist who  has taken over a Worksop gallery for her jewellery made from nylon.

  Sport now and Tanya yet more trouble for Wakefield Trinity  Wildcats.

 Yes, their third or winding up  order in 12 months has come in.

 It is going to be heard on February  2nd.

 We did a story a few weeks ago about their plea for £500,000.

 It  is to pay the tax Bill.

 I would not be surprised if they do not go into  a bin a station but they are adamant they will start the season,  which is the 13th.

 It is not far away.

 They are still in talks with  interested parties.

 There are delays on building their new ground.

  That has gone to a public inquiry.

 Very difficult times.

 They are in  talks to play at Barnsley.

 Deftly worrying times.

 Bayern are adamant  they will start the season and there is light at the end of the  tunnel.

 The Chesterfield manager John  Sheridan has told us he is not making any specific plans for  playing in League One next season.

 But it might be worth him thinking  about it soon, surely! Chesterfield are sitting on top of League Two  with exactly half of their season gone.

 This weekend they hope to  take more points off promotion rival Shrewsbury.

 I am just  planning for the next game at the moment.

 We have to win as many  games as quickly as possible and Everton will take care of itself.

  With a set of lads we have, if we don't get promotion, there will be  very disappointed.

 We have a cassette of lads and we've worked  hard.

 Sheffield's Nick Matthew has been  named Player of the Year at the World Squash Awards.

 As well as  winning two Commonwealth gold medals in 2010, he picked up a host  of other titles which saw him climb to number one in the world.

 The  ceremony was held at Grand Central Station in New York.

  I don't know whether this is history or not, I'm sure there is a  boxing aficionado out there who can tell me but tomorrow night at the  Doncaster Dome twins will fight on the same bill.

 They are Jamie and  Gavin McDonnell, who are from the town.

 All being well, Jamie is  looking to get a world title shot later this year while Gavin is just  starting out on his professional career.

 Joe McDonald is European  and Commonwealth bantamweight champion.

 Spot the difference with  his brother.

 I am the boss.

 I am older by nine minutes.

 Does he keep  remind you? No, most of the time I act much older.

 I'd look older and  act older.

 We do everything together.

 We work together.

 He is  all right.

 He is sound.

 He does everything, I seem to follow him.

  Both fought as amateurs, but while Gavin dropped out of the sport  Jamie has gone on to become European and Commonwealth champion.

  His success has drawn Gavin back in to boxing, but it is the first time  they have been on the same bill.

 For hopefully I will cheer them on.

  We be nervous? Yes, more than that.

 His last fight, I wanted to going  there and do it myself.

 I am getting nervous for his fight.

 When  I have my fight as well, I get nervous as well.

 With the guys at  very different stages of their career, they get rather different  briefs on their opponent.

 Jamie knows he is in for a tough night  against Belgium's Stephane Jamoye.

 By want to get my name up there.

 He  is what class.

 Hopefully, I would do a job on this kid and get a  world title fight.

 What is your opponent like? I don't know much  about him.

 He is Welsh, asked -- small and stocky.

 What more do you  need to know? It is going to be a big night for Team Mac, and that  includes the family.

 We be glad when it is over for your mum?  definitely.

 They won't fight each other.

  The eyes of one North Yorkshire manufacturer will be on New Zealand  over the next ten days.

 Neuff Athletic Equipment, which is based  in Norton, has supplied all the equipment for the Paralympic World  Athletics Championships.

 The opening ceremony took place in  Christchurch today, and tomorrow will be the first chance to see the  equipment in use.

 We have sent out standard equipment.

 Some of it is  emotional athletics equivalent.

 We have also sent out staff for  disabled athletes.

 100 of the world's top  motorcyclists are descending on Bradford for a one-off racing event.

  It is a special type of off-road biking which sees competitors speed  through streams, over rocks and down sheer drops to reach the  finish.

 And it is taking place in woodland at Tong on Sunday.

 Becky  This is where bikers do it a one- off race and the world champions  are going head to head.

 I have to go fast and concentrate.

 People  will seek some fantastic scenes.

 Riders are coming from all of the  world to compete.

 Some of the top riders in the world are coming.

  This is not for the faint-hearted.

 It is fast and energetic and it is  for real adrenalin junkies.

 Events take place in remote places in the  world but this is happening in West Yorkshire.

 It kicks off at 9:30am  on Sunday morning.

 There are things I would not do.

 That is one of them.

  You have been watching the cricket again.

 Yes, I thought they were  going to do so well.

 It was a belting game.

 Did you get up at  five? No, I did not.

 You have some bad news about to embrace them.

  calf injury but nothing serious.

 Two down, five to go.

 A  Now you would not usually associate a fishing line with jewellery.

 But  that is exactly what you'll see at an unusual exhibition in Worksop.

  British artist Nora Fok uses thin nylon to create weird and wonderful  pieces, all of which can be worn.

 She has spent the past 18 months  working especially for the Harley Gallery.

  Threads and weaves from a thin pieces of line on.

 -- nylon.

 It was  so real at the time.

 It was invented in 1935.

 I spent 15 years  trying to learn how to stabilise the shape and eventually, I  succeeded.

 She has spent 30 years developing the art of micro  filaments and Ireland.

 It is not be used for fishing line.

 Even years  has been spent turning a classic throat into an intricate design.

  Thanks to a grant, this gallery has been able to design a jury for them.

  The amount of work is large.

 It has enabled her to spend 18 months on  this exhibition.

 That is a huge luxury.

 Even though they look and  feel very delicate they are in fact very sturdy and very wearable.

 The  brace it has been made to be sold here.

 The rest is for display only.

  It is probably a good thing I can't wear that outside.

 The exhibition  starts tomorrow and is going to run for 10 weeks.

 If there is some left  over a thread, have a go yourself.

 Fantastic.

 That looked like Lady  Fantastic.

 That looked like Lady Gaga.

 Moving on to the weather.

 I  have higher C D.

 I can't believe it.

 I can't remember what it is called  by its it is quite good.

 I had it for Christmas.

 I want to show you  three pictures, but moving pictures.

 I fantastic son sit on the A 64.

 --  I fantastic son sit on the A 64.

 -- son said.

 The second one is the  Sheffield city centre.

 It keeps the Sheffield city centre.

 It keeps the  pictures come the end.

 We are going to lose there clear skies over the  next 24 hours.

 It sets us up for a Drabble weekend with extensive  cloud at times.

 It is going to be cloudy, a thick enough at times to  produce some drizzle.

 High pressure.

 The clear skies pushed to the west  of us.

 Disappointing, especially if you wanted to take advantage of the  sunshine.

 A fair amount of clear weather around.

 Especially in parts  of North Yorkshire.

 Temperatures are close or below freezing.

  Another cold night.

 We will see the cloud increase from the north-east.

  It may offer some drizzle in places.

 Temperatures are down to-four in  places.

 The sun is going to rise at its 8:07am.

 And here are the high  water times.

 I think the cloud might be thick enough at times.

  Quite a few places will stay dry.

 The best chance a brightness is in  the extreme western part of Yorkshire.

 Elsewhere, a limited  brightness and a lot of cloud.

 The wind is in the North.

 Temperatures  close to average for this time of year.

 Spot the difference on Sunday.

  The risk of drizzle.

 Perhaps more

 Warplanes take to the skies over  Libya.

 French fighter jets lead the first wave of attacks on Colonel  Gaddafi's forces.

 World leaders meeting in Paris approve a series  of air strikes to protect civilians.

 The time for action has come.

 It  needs to be urgent.

 We have to enforce the will of the United  Nations, and we cannot allow the slaughter of civilians to continue.

  Moves follow fresh fighting in Benghazi as a warplane thought to  be flown by rebels was brought down.

 People flee the city.

 We'll have  the latest from the region as Good evening.

 French warplanes have  gone into action over Libya this evening, firing the first shots of  an international military campaign to protect civilians from Colonel  Gaddafi's regime.

 20 French aircraft are enforcing the UN no-  fly zone and are reported to have destroyed a number of Libyan tanks  and armoured vehicles.

 In the coming hours, British fighter  planes are expected to join the operation.

 It comes after European,  American and Arab leaders met in Paris to agree what action to take  against the Libyan leader.

 Gavin Hewitt is there.

  Here in Paris, this was the day when the patience of the  international community with Colonel Gaddafi finally snapped.

  They simply didn't believe any credibility attached to a ceasefire  which he had promised yesterday.

 So during the day, over 20 French  fighter jets have been in action over Libya.

  French fighter planes taking off from bases in Europe have been in  action over Libya, in one engagement the French Air Force is  said to have destroyed four of Gaddafi's tanks.

 As fighter planes  prepared for action, a summit of world leaders in Paris was told  that fighting in parts of Libya had only intensified.

 David Cameron  arriving at the Elysee Palace said the international community had to  act and act urgently.

 What is absolutely clear today is that  Colonel Gaddafi has broken his word, has broken the ceasefire, and  continues to slaughter his own civilians.

 This has to stop.

 We  have to make it stop.

 We have to make him face the consequences.

 So  I think it is vitally important that action takes place, that  action takes place urgently.

 French President Nicolas Sarkozy revealed  to a summit of world leaders that French planes were already over the  city of Benghazi.

 TRANSLATION: of now our aircraft are preventing  planes from attacking the town.

 The leaders had gathered in Paris  aware that only yesterday the Libyan regime had promised a  ceasefire.

 The heads of Government and other leaders arriving here at  the Elysee Palace really have to decide one central question: is  Colonel Gaddafi's regime showing any sign of complying and fully  complying with the UN resolution? It did not take long for the  leaders to conclude that civilians were still at risk and that  military action needed to be taken against the Gaddafi regime.

 Hillary  Clinton said the United States would support its allies.

 We have  every reason to fear that, left unchecked, Gaddafi will commit  unspeakable atrocities.

 Crucial thrirks Arab League agreed to  support action -- crucially, the Arab lead agreed to support action  to enforce the no-fly zone.

 Does this mean that military action is  inevitable? Well, Colonel Gaddafi has made this happen.

 He has lied  to the international community.

 He has promised a ceasefire.

 He's  broken that ceasefire.

 He continues to brutalise his own people.

 So in  bases across Europe, fighter aircraft and bombers from a number  of nations are being made ready.

 This will be a major military  operation.

 British forces are expected to be in action soon.

  Well, David Cameron today warned that difficulties and dangers may  lie ahead, and certainly it is difficult to predict how this  military operation may unfofpltd one thing President Sarkozy said --  unfold.

 Nicolas Sarkozy said the doors for diplomacy for Colonel  Gaddafi could be opened if aggression ceases tsunami.

  Colonel Gaddafi issued another defiant message to the  international community today.

 A spokesman for the Libyan leader  said he was prepared to die and his people to die with him.

 Rebels in  the city of Benghazi in eastern Libya say they've come under a  sustained attack from Government forces, with tanks and weapons on  the streets.

 Allan Little reports from Tripoli.

  The Gaddafi faithful are not intimidated by the threat of  bombing.

 Far from it.

 All day the Tripoli air has rung with their  chants and fervent loyalty.

 They are celebrating what they say is  the liberation of Benghazi.

 And, as foreign intervention looms,  thousands have come to a place of huge symbolic importance.

 We've  been brought to the compound that houses Colonel Gaddafi's residence  to show that the ordinary citizens of Tripoli are prepared to join him  here tonight, because, they say, if he's going to die, they are ready  to die with him.

 We came to the building that was bombed by the  Americans in 1986.

 It is a national emblem of defiance.

 TRANSLATION:  And whoever wants to harm him, he must go through us first, must harm  us first, and I'm prepared to die from him.

 Is that why you've come  here? TRANSLATION: Yelings, that's why I'm here.

 For the first time  fighting came to Benghazi pith.

 The two sides exchanged fire, shelling  and bombing from the air.

 Rebel forces in the city celebrated the  capture of a tank, and continued to place their faith in foreign air  strikes.

 A camera caught a fighter jet above  the city.

 This is the moment it was hit by anti-aircraft fire.

 It  turned tout be flown not by Gaddafi's Air Force but by a rebel  pilot.

 Colonel Gaddafi's defiance is undiminished.

 A Government  spokesman read from a letter he had written to David Cameron and  President Sarkozy.

 You have no right ever to intervene in our  internal affairs.

 Who gave you the right to intervene in our internal  affairs? You will regret it.

 Tripoli, among the loyal at least,  there's a siege mentality, Libya alone against an unjust world.

 The  Gaddafi regime seems somehow strengthened by it.

  In a moment we'll have the latest on the military operation with our  defence correspondent Caroline Wyatt.

 But first we can speak to  Kevin Connolly, who is in Tobruk in the east of Libya.

 It is finally  happening.

 Is this seen to be the turning point for the rebels, do  you think? Well, they certainly hope so.

 In their view of this, the  international community, having almost left it too late, has ridden  at last to their rescue.

 They believe this will be a decisive  moment, not just in this revolution but in their country's unhappy  recent history.

 There was a deep sense of dismay when Muammar  Gaddafi used the gap between the UN's passage of a resolution in New  York and the appearance in the skies over eastern Libya to  consolidate his grip on Benghazi.

 There's a real sense that that will  complicate the use of air power.

 How can British and French targets  take out Gaddafi's targets if they are schooled in the streets and  suburbs of the cities they are meant to be protecting? The  expectation of the rebels are extraordinarily high.

 They believe  this western military intervention is designed to help them to get rid  of Muammar Gaddafi once and for all by fatally weakening his military  infrastructure.

 They believe that will also weaken his grip on power.

  They do not like to contemplate a rather grimmer and darker  alternative - that this solution may leave Muammar Gaddafi in  position of Benghazi and may consolidate a stalemate across this  country.

 Kevin Connolly, thank you.

 Caroline, as Kevin was telling us  in Tobruk, immensely complicated.

 How does it look to be shaping up?  You can see already the huge build- up of military assets across Europe.

  Canadian planes flying in via the UK to Italy.

 British jets readying  themselves, Belgian and Dutch.

 You name it.

 At sea you have the naval  blockade engineered and the Charles de Gaulle aircraft carrier.

 The UN  resolution is a broad one.

 It says and it allows all necessary means  against things that could harm civilians.

 So what we'll see over  the coming days is there's been a build-up of intelligence.

 They are  trying to decide what to target.

 We've seen some of that French  targeting already of the tanks.

 But the key thing really is to  demoralise Gaddafi's forces, to show there is an overwhelming  strength in the sky that they cannot get away from this and to  drive them from the main cities to protect the civilians.

 That's where  it is complicated.

 The hope is that Gaddafi's forces will crumble at  that stage and flee and leave Gaddafi isolated.

 If that doesn't  happen you could be talking days, weeks or months.

 Are you talking  about a stalemate at that stage? At some stage there'll have to be glim  si and negotiation, quite possibly.

 -- dip plom say.

  There's a special page on the BBC website: bbc.

co.

uk/news.

  The votes are now being counted for Egypt's referendum on  constitutional reform.

 There were long queues outside polling  stations as people cast their vote to decide how quickly new  presidential and parliamentary elections will be held.

 The  referendum comes after the popular uprising which swept President  Hosni Mubarak from power last month.

 Protesters gathered on the streets  of the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, despite a state of emergency being  imposed.

 Today's demonstrations follow an attack by gunmen on anti-  Government protesters yesterday, which doctors say killed 52 people.

  Two prominent members of the country's ruling party have  resigned over the deaths.

 Radioactive contamination has been  detected in some foods produced near the Fukushima nuclear site in  Japan, and in tap water close to the capital, Tokyo.

 Engineers say  they are close to restoring power to the cooling systems at the plant,  but the UN nuclear agency says there is still a risk that the  situation there could deteriorate.

 Chris Hogg reports from Tokyo.

  They've restocked the shelves in this Tokyo supermarket.

 Last week's  issues with supply now sorted out.

 But the Japanese face a new problem  - radiation has been found in milk and spinach and tap water too,.

  TRANSLATION: Because of the nuclear explosion, I've heard that there  could be some danger, but I'm not overly concerned.

 TRANSLATION:  is not as if I can run away anywhere, and I don't feel that  much personal danger yet.

 And the Government is at pains to  stress only tiny amounts of radiation have made into it the  food chain.

 TRANSLATION: Suppose these products are consumed for  about a year.

 It would be about the same amount of radiation as one CT  scan.

 At the plant itself almost certainly the source of the  contamination, they have been dousing the damaged reactors for  the third day in a row.

 Engineers are working to restore power to all  six reactors at Fukushima.

 The aim is to restart water pumps inside  the reactors.

 Water prevents fuel rods from overheating, avoiding  meltdown.

 However, because of the scale of the damage to the plant,  there is no guarantee the cooling system will work even with power  restored.

 And some residents living in the  exclusion zone around the plant have had enough.

 Hundreds fled  today in buses driven there to rescue them by volunteers.

 Others  from another town close to the power plant are sheltering in a  stadium, not far from Tokyo.

 It is

 Welcome to BBC Points West.

  The headlines tonight: Guilty of a crime which shocked the  region.

 A man admits kidnapping and assaulting a 13-year-old girl,  snatched from the street in daylight.

  Also tonight: Harnessing the power of the sun - more plans for solar  farms across Wiltshire.

 Home comforts for every soldier,  the charity appealing for your help to chirrup British troops in  Afghanistan.

 I am John Cleese and I will be  talking to David.

.

.

 David, stunned.

 Good evening.

 It's every parent's  nightmare.

 Today, the mother of a 13-year-old girl, who was snatched  from a street in Gloucester by a stranger, has been talking about  the devastating effects of the attack on her daughter.

  Today, the kidnapper - 44-year-old Colin Riddall pleaded guilty to  abduction and assault.

 He'll be sentenced next month.

 Our  Gloucestershire reporter Steve Knibbs has been speaking to the  victim's mum.

 Horror, shock.

 This has pushed my  sanity to the edge, but I am holding in, just.

  Lives changed forever by the actions of this man Colin Riddall.

  Saturday 16th October last year.

 Riddall is seen on CCTV waiting for  his victim, who was walking back from a friend's house.

 The camera  pans away.

 Moments later he's gone, having kidnapped the 13-year-old  girl from the street.

 She was just two minutes from home.

 Riddall took  her on a terrifying two-hour road trip.

 He stopped near Longney and  sexually assaulted her.

 Then several miles away, near Eastington,  he stopped again in a quiet lane and physically assaulted her.

  Police found her mobile phone and shoes in a field.

 And He drove back  to near where he'd abducted her and left her.

 Understandably, the  victim is struggling to recover.

 She has become suicidal.

 She has  reverted back to being around about eight years old.

 She will not sleep  at all, because she gets nightmares.

 She literally has to wear herself  out to the last breath to be able to sleep.

 You have been in court  twice and St Colin Riddall sitting in the dock, knowing what he did  your daughter.

 -- and have seen.

 How do you cope? It is taking every  part of me not to walk up and over to him.

 I hope he goes down for a  very long time, and I do believe he is a danger to other children.

  Colin Riddall is 44, a single mother and worked as a Karbala  tough.

 If he didn't know his victim.

 -- car valet.

 Police say cases like  this are rare but was surprised by what appeared to be his first ever  at fence.

 He has effectively gone from zero to this offence, totally  out of the blue.

 We are looking at his background and his lifestyle  before he came to Gloucester, and his time in Gloucester, to see if  there were any other offences he was connected with.

 Colin Riddall  will be sentenced next month but this case is not over yet.

 The  Independent Police Complaints Commission is investigating whether  or not the emergency response was adequate enough and whether  officers acted correctly in the initial stages of the investigation.

  The commission is due to report later this year.

  Detecives hunting Jo Yeates' killer have received more than 300 calls  and emails since yesterday's public appeal for information by her  parents.

 Meanwhile, the BBC's Crimewatch programme has continued  filming today in Longwood Lane near Long Ashton, the spot where Jo's  body was found on Christmas Day.

 The reconstruction of her last  known movements will be broadcast next Wednesday night here on BBC  One.

 Police have arrested the County  Coroner for Gloucestershire on suspicion of fraud, money  laundering and theft.

 Alan Crickmore's arrest came after his  law firm offices in Cheltenham were closed down last month by the  Solicitors Regulation Authority.

 He has been released on bail and has  been suspended as Coroner by Gloucestershire County Council.

  There were protests in Gloucester today over big cuts to libraries.

  The county council debated reductions in funding that could  see 11 branches close.

 Campaigners who had gathered thousands of  signatures on their petition got the chance to speak.

 But  councillors didn't back down.

 They say plans to keep the libraries  open by using volunteers are going well.

  THEY SING: "We want to keep our libraries!"  Music with a message for councillors arriving at Shire Hall  for today's meeting.

 The proposals would see most of Gloucestershire's  libraries cut back.

 11 will close if no-one else takes them over.

  Campaigns have sprung up across the county.

 We agree that there should  be some cuts, but the cuts are being very badly planned.

 It is  like hacking off lumps of the service.

 12,000 have signed a  petition, earning campaigners a chance to address the meeting.

  Councillors know they're in a tough financial position.

 The money  they're getting is going down, while the demand for vital services  like care for the elderly and disabled is going up.

 The meeting  went on for several hours.

 The main subject was the cuts.

 The ruling  Conservatives insist they do not have any choice, but they are  increasingly optimistic that libraries need not shut.

 I believe  that we can deliver 11 community libraries.

 I am very excited by the  Office put on the table.

 Those discussions need some work and we  need to look at changing some of the proposal so we can get what we  need on the ground, but I believe that we will get 11 community  libraries, and I would continue to work towards that.

 But the mood  among those fighting the 43% cut in funding for libraries was very  different.

 The council are supporting these cuts and trying to  downplay it today, but you can't dress it up, it is the devastation  of the public library -- public library service.

 We say to our  supporters that we keep hope and keep momentum going.

 That this  isn't the end and we will continue to hold the county council to  account.

 The row - and the campaigners - will be back when a  final decision is taken next month.

 And Paul joins me now.

 Libraries  seem to be dominating the headlines about Government cuts.

 But many  more savings are being discussed by councils, aren't they?  A huge range of savings, and a huge range of cuts.

 I think libraries  are particularly obvious.

 We know where they are and what they do.

  The sort of people who support them are often well educated, very  eloquent.

 Last week, we had a Joanna Trollope, the author, who  threw her weight behind the campaign to keep libraries open.

  Youth centres, a lot of those are in danger, yet perhaps fewer people  go to them.

 The biggest hit of all across the whole West Country is  being taken by council staff.

 We are seeing 1,000 -- thousands of  jobs being lost, there is enormous discontent and morale is very low.

  We have seen for strike ballots are taking place.

 In Somerset, they  will start a strike ballot this Friday as to whether they will take  industrial action.

 There is much public concern about the loss of  things like libraries, but less sympathy for things like faceless  civil servants and backroom staff losing their jobs.

 Until, that is,  I suppose, or services suffer.

 Paul, thank you very much.

  It is going to be a big story for the rest of the year, I think.

  It's Wednesday, there's a full moon, and you're watching BBC Points West  with Alex and David.

 Is the full moon going to affect you?  Stay with us as there's plenty more to bring you tonight, including:  Monitoring the world's heaviest birds.

 We find out how technology  is helping the Great Bustards survive.

  And 175 years of animal magic.

 We help to celebrate a milestone at  Bristol Zoo.

 All of that, plus a very Imp --  entertaining interview with John Cleese.

  But first, a Somerset charity aiming to send a box of "home  comforts" to every British soldier in Afghanistan has appealed for  public help to make it happen.

 Last year, Afghan Heroes managed to  pack-up and ship-out 10,000 boxes.

 Clinton Rogers reports.

  At its headquarters near Shepton Mallet, the work of Afghan Heroes  never stops.

 Since this charity was born 18 months ago, it has raised  nearly £1 million.

 Last year, that money helped send 10,000 boxes of  home comforts to troops on the front line - a tin caddy packed  with toothpaste, shower gel, DVDs, sweets.

 Behind it all, a mother  who's charity was born out her son's death on the front line.

 This  year, Denise Harris wants to go even further, sending out 13,500  boxes.

 But she needs individuals, organisations and companies to  donate goods.

 And she knows in these straightened times, that  It is getting harder out there with the recession.

 People are feeling  the pinch, and can't do as much as they want to do.

 How much does that  worry you? It does, in as much that it is not.

.

.

 It is the guys and  girls out there who will suffer.

 Royal Marines from 40 Commando in  Taunton were in Afghanistan last year.

 They say the boxes did a lot  to raise morale.

 It is like a mini Christmas, or read many birthday.

  You do appreciated, because you are in your own little world.

 --  appreciate it.

 If all goes well, Afghan Heroes will be repeating  this packing exercise duing the first weekend in March.

 And they  say they've learned some lessons from our boys on the front line.

  This time, the boxes will contain suncream and insect repellant.

  The West Country is witnessing a solar-power Gold Rush, with  landowners hoping to cash in on generous subsidies for turning  sunlight into electricity.

 Some say the new solar farms will  help develop UK Green could then -- credentials, others say they are an  eyesore funded by taxpayers.

 We have been to the first one, just  built in Wiltshire.

 Malmesbury Abbey, a thin winter sun.

  So to the solar panels on a nearby farm.

 I believe they came from  Barcelona.

 It may is the landowner is their harvesting the sun's power.

  The cells turn daylight into power.

 He gets paid for feeding all of  that green energy into the national grid.

 The landowner he has spent  £300,000 on the solar farm because of subsidies called the feeding of  tariffs, he will receive £38,000 per annum, so the investment at  soon paid off and he has an income.

 Some farmers simply lease their  land, in which case, they are fed up to £1,500 per acre per year.

  Growing wheat, they would only receive £200 per acre.

 So is this  landowner and eco-warrior or a subsidy crabber? I think that  taking advantage of a system that is there, but isn't it fantastic?  These panels are producing electricity, enough to power 25  homes.

 There were no objections to this relatively small site that is  tucked away, but there is currently a rush of planning applications as  developers cash-in on subsidies.

 At this site near Taunton, 7,000  panels have been approved.

 This field will be completely lost, this  wasn't taken into consideration.

 And that despite real anger from  locals.

 I think those cells are right deal, I have them on my own  House, but I have six, not 7,000.

 It seems like another way of  lightening Investment Banker pockets with Government grants that  have come from the taxpayer -- lining.

 Whatever the arguments,  Britain must raise their green energy or face fines.

 It but using  the subsidy take it -- initially made for homeowners, which can be  used for the houses of the hard-up, rather than lining landowners  Dining us now from our studios in London -- joining us now is Sean  Murphy, from SunPower based in California.

 In southern California,  I can imagine as solar panels make a lot of sense, but in Chippenham?  The team that I am Withe operate out of London, and Chippenham has  more sunshine than London! We have been active in the southern Europe,  around Mediterranean countries, and now because of the new tariff  scheme in the UK, we cannot operate in the UK.

 Peak times for power  usage is about now in the UK, it is dark, cold, just before 7pm,  between 5pm and 7pm.

 How much power do we get from your solar panels  during that period? In some countries, it is in the middle of  the day, when there is plenty of sunshine.

 It depends where you are.

  If you look at the volume of sunshine, in the UK at the moment,  it produces zero.

 01 % of the energy needs of the country.

 The  underlining for loss of the is the government should promote a  technology that goes into the long term energy mix.

 We hope that solar  power will contribute more to power in the UK.

 We problem it is -- the  problem is that we have to pay for this with our electricity bills,  there will be a tariff that compensate the Manufacturers and  producers of these solar panels.

 What is in it for us? The green  savings seems to be very little.

 There is a green saving.

 The  underlying philosophy but behind tariff -- tariffs is to accelerate  cost reduction.

 The faster we can make solar costs competitive, the  quicker we can get away too -- from importing Russian gas and it get  away from traders fixing the price of fuel.

 This fuel is reliable and  predictable, it is much more reliable in the south-west vanities  in the rest of the UK.

 More now on the story of the  world's heaviest flying birds, the great bustards.

 The project to  introduce them to the UK which is break -- has received a grant of £2  million, meaning that they will be able to use satellite technology to  study the birds.

 The dream of reintroducing the  great bustard is slowly becoming a reality.

 Four past seven years,  young birds from Russia have been released in Wiltshire.

 In 2009, the  first native Great bustard chicks hatched here.

 There is still much  work to do, and to other species is established.

 We are building slowly,  it is a long-term project, we have got about 20 birds alive at the  moment.

 How you feeling about how it is going? A very positive.

 We  have had some great news with nesting and hatching chicks  recently, a fledgling checks.

 It is going in the right direction.

  it has a GPS in it, it logs the location of the bird four times a  day for 10 days.

 £1.

8 million of European bright --  bronze money has been pledged to the European Bustard Project.

 It  will employ a satellite technology to track them.

 This is one of the  satellite transmitters that the researchers will be attaching to  the great bustards before they are released.

 It is very small and  light, and will tell them all kinds of crucial information about the  behaviour of the birds.

 At the moment, we have about one 5th of  the birds surviving, that we are releasing in nature, we wish to  improve their survival chances.

 To do this, we need to know about  their behaviour, the location and movement.

 The satellite technology  is incredibly helpful at providing this.

 It is hoped that data will be  used to improve the way the great bustards are released and managed.

  The ultimate goal is to get this globally threatened bird are fully  self-sufficient and a native of these lands once have -- once again.

  A nil-nil draw is not the sort of scoreline to set the pulse racing,  but for Rovers fans in Bristol, it sand -- sounded pretty good.

 After  a 4-0 thrashing at the weekend, they drew at home to Hartlepool.

 It  was the first time Rovers have not let him a goal for 17 games.

  Swindon Town have announce the winner of their talent competition  to find a new star for the amateur game.

 Last week, Points West  featured the three finalists who had been invited to train with of  the Swindon first team squad.

 The winner is 19 euros London a Jordan  Pavett, a striker.

 He will return to the County Ground at the start  of the month to start his topknot contract.

  It is one of the oldest surviving zoos in the world, and today  Bristol Zoo launched its 175th birthday celebrations.

 It was  founded in 1835 by a group of local people, and opened to the public in  July the following year.

 It has been going strong ever since.

  Bristol Zoo is 100 years old, so the animals celebrate.

 The baby on  X is the anyone in captivity in the world.

 The keeper throws straight,  but you do not have to throw straight for Peter! 1936, this is,  the rear of Bristol Zoo's centenary.

 They let the little monkeys get  away with all sorts back then, and they were among the early  favourites.

 Over the past 135 years, it is the new arrivals that have  captured our imaginations the most.

 Just look at this little lion cub  from 1948.

 And in 1967, Nino the polar bear made Bristol go cute,  when she shared her new baby.

 The elephants would set off down the  road now and again! For a whole generation of 40 and 50 somethings,  Bristol Zoo will always be there -- the place where magic happened.

  was a wonderful programme in the early days.

 It had a tremendous  beneficial effect on Bristol Zoo.

 The success of the programme was  not just down to Johnny's ability to put voices to animals, but his  ability to actually identify with those animals.

 There were many  animals which he was actually allowed to go in with, and we would  not have allowed many other people to go in without animal.

 To kick-  start a year of celebration, they have been rummaging through the  attic in Bristol Zoo, unearth think photos.

 As we stand, the is used  and wild animal collections in Britain attract more visitors that  football -- than a football.

 But gives you some idea of how popular  zoos are.

 Today the emphasis is on education and conservation, with  the zoo trying to inspire a new generation of animal lovers which  will insure it sees another big anniversary.

  Four the actor John Cleese came back to the West Country today to  talk about his one-man show.

 John was born in Western Superman --  Weston-super-Mare and remained a keen supporter of Bristol City.

 I  caught up with John Cleese at the Hippodrome, talk to him about the  Hippodrome, Basil Fawlty and divorce.

 He was proud to show me a  picture of his new girlfriend, even though his ex-wife is costing him a  fortune.

 Welcome back to the west country.

 It is nice to be here, my  dear! That is Somerset rather than Bristol.

 You are very good on  accents.

 There are about five I am comfortable with, the one I really  know how to do his West Country, because I was in Weston-super-Mare.

  When the Germans bombed Weston- super-Mare, no one can figure out  why they wasted perfectly good bombs on Weston-super-Mare! After  that we move out and I lived in a little village just outside it.

  Then I came up here in 1953, and I became a Bristol City fan and went  to Ashton Gate and watched the Bristol City.

 Then I went to  Cambridge, and I got into show business so I escaped.

 If you are  back in the West Country, back in Bristol trying to earn a few blobs  of.

 Exactly.

 I have already paid Alice $60 million, which is quite a  lot of money.

 What annoys me is that at my grand old age of 71, I  have to pay her a million dollars a year for the next five years.

 That  sort of money does not come in if you are sitting around at home.

 The  safest, best way of making sure I earned that money each year is to  go out and do stand-up.

 I have laid it on the line for you time and  time again! I am going to give you I do not think of you of a stand-up  comic.

 No, I am not! Write! It is desperation, desperation is the  mother of invention.

 I started to do it by accident five years ago.

  Fond memories of Western or not? yes.

 You got into trouble for  saying it is not quite as nice as it was.

 It had got off, but it is  getting nicer again.

 The danger was that these huge herds of ferrets  would gather up in the Mendips or the corn dogs.

 If it got very hot,  they would need to get water on themselves to cool off, and they  would run down on to the beaches and scatter the holidaymakers.

 It  was some ridiculous thing I made up on the spur of the moment.

 Andy  Weston-super-Mare council wrote to me saying, could you stop it, we  have enough deep trouble people -- we have enough trouble getting  people here without threatening them with ferrets! Have you set a  date for your next wedding? Yes, 2061!  John Cleese there.

 Let's hope he does get married in 2061, I would  like to be there! He is at the Hippodrome in late June.

  enjoyed meeting him, didn't you? was amazing.

 He was nervously  fiddling with his wedding ring! I cannot say any more to that! Good  evening, Richard.

 Last night, it was so cold but absolutely  beautiful foreseeing the moon.

 Will It was a fantastic moon last night.

  This was a shot taken by it limit Newton, she was focusing on the  starlings.

 If you can take a good photograph, send it in, we will  show them tomorrow.

 Before the forecast, I had this photograph  from Henry, taken last night.

 We have had some cold weather, this is  an ice Spike.

 I get a lot of pictures of ice spikes, they are  fairly common.

 If you get them in your birdbath, you will wonder why  they have formed.

 The answer is, as the ice forms from the out so -  outside him, it expands, and as you get closer to the centre, you get a  little hall.

 So the water then comes up from underneath and  gradually freezes.

 It works its way as -- up, and it freezes into a  spike.

 Tue eight search on -- if you can do an internet search on it,  you can find some amazing examples.

 This is a waxwing, they are worth  keeping an eye out for.

 Tomorrow, it will be a bright day, after we  have lost the four.

 -- the foggy conditions.

 Tonight, the Moon will  disappear as the fog starts to form.

 There is a widespread frost, away  from the coast.

 Temperatures-one -- Three.

 Before will clear, it will  look like this.

 -- the fault will be slow to clear.

 There will be  more cloud around tomorrow, so it will be bright come the afternoon  but not everywhere.

 Temperatures, a high of four or five degrees.

 We  could see some patchy Frost returning in the evening.

 Over the  following few days, more in the way

 Welcome to South Today.

 Into a's  programme: A community supports the family of map -- murdered Jo Yeates.

  Until they find who the person is responsible for it, it is going to  be hell for them.

 Teenagers accused a council of playing political  ping-pong with a youth clubs.

 How polluted is your street? You can  find out at the touch of a button.

 The former taxi-driver who is  moving to the Championship.

 I get to wake up and play football every  People in Hampshire have spoken of their hopes that the investigation  into the murdered Jo Yeates is finished quickly to spare her  family the anguish of not knowing who killed the 25-year-old.

 Jo's  parents, who live in Ampfield near Romsey, have made a new appeal.

 It  is three weeks since the body was discovered.

 She was the 25-year-old  with everything to live for.

 Jo Yeates grew up in Ampfield near  Romsey.

 She went to college in Winchester.

 She trained as a  landscape architect and got a job in Bristol.

 Her body was found on  the outskirts of the city on Christmas Day.

 Today, her family  made a fresh appeal for information.

 People in Romsey spoke of their  hopes that the investigation has concluded as quickly as possible.

  They will not find any peace.

 The final moments of her life are going  to be very important for them.

 is terrible.

 I cannot imagine what  they are going for.

 I am surprised they have not found -- found out  long before now.

 I feel for the parents.

 Just before Jo went  missing, she had been making plans for Christmas with her best friend,  Rebecca Scott.

 The two went to college in Winchester 10 years ago.

  On a couple of occasions, I met her, she was instantly likeable.

  parents say that anyone who withholds information from the  police will continue her family's torment.

 Please help us identify  the killer.

 Jo was probably acquainted with her killer.

 We are  sure that the killer will be taught -- brought to justice.

 When this  happens, police think how you will feel if you knew the killer, and  you have questions in your mind.

 Detectives have established that Jo  returned to her flat on the night she disappeared, but no traces have  been found of a Tesco piece that she found -- she bought on the way  home.

 Her landlord was arrested at before being released on bail.

  There is a special Crimewatch appeal next week on BBC One.

 A man  has told a court how he thought he was going to die after being  attacked with a machete.

 Sameer Sidat suffered severe head injuries  during a fight between two groups of men in Crawley.

 Antonio Batsimba  denies attempting to murder him and another man, but he abets grievous  bodily harm.

 -- admits.

 Sameer Sidat said he had nightmares about  the machete attack.

 Members of his family had become involved in a  confrontation in the centre of Crawley with another group of men.

  It was during the attack but Antonio Batsimba arrived with his  machete and attacked Sameer Sidat.

 Sameer Sidat said that he was lying  on the ground, and Antonio Batsimba was wielding a machete.

 He thought  he was going to die.

 He described Antonio Batsimba as being in a raid.

  The court also heard today from Sameer Sidat's brother, who was  also attacked by Antonio Batsimba.

 He described how someone who he was  struggling with was saying that they were all going to get it and  they would be killed.

 The prosecution witnesses account has  been challenged.

 Antonio Batsimba has denied two counts of murder,  but he has admitted grievous bodily A scheme which helps children  struggling with literacy and maths, is to close in March.

 The  government has cut the £14 million funding.

 Over the last decade,  children have benefited from Palmer should with football clubs pull  stop how does the scheme work? is called Playing For Success, and  the schools identify children who need extra help.

 They go to the  football clubs, and they are held.

 Portsmouth Football Club's players  encourage children to talk in front of people.

 It is all at the club,  which makes it fun for them.

 Portsmouth's scheme has been one of  the most accessible.

 One Marmot said it was the first time that it  was the first time her son had been enthusiastic about his learning.

 He  had not enjoyed it before pull stop the child Bounces home, talks about  what they have done, it is not the usual grant when they get home.

  it clear why it is stopping? cuts and the deficit.

 The  government recently announced that it is spending millions on  competitive sport in schools, after first wanting took scrap the School  Sports Partnership.

 No U-turn here Money is tight everywhere, and it  may be tough to keep the scheme going.

 A plan -- a panned left  unattended on a cooker led to be evacuated in of a block of flats.

  The fire broke out on the 5th floor of a building in Edinburgh roads in  Cornwall if -- Portsmouth.

 The fire caused extensive damage.

 We know  that prices are going up, and today, the official figures confirmed  inflation is continuing upwards.

 The Consumer Prices Index has gone  up to 3.

7 %, up from 3.

3 % the previous month.

 The cost of fuel  has been a major factor.

 We reported on it yesterday, and that  provoked quite a response from you.

 I should imagine that it is  straight in the side of the tank.

 small hole in the fuel tank is  Bruce but thieves have been at work.

 Today, this van is off the road.

  The time it has got to spend up here, most of it is the  inconvenience.

 Children are not going to be using it.

 You were keen  to tell us about the impact the This family have decided that they  cannot afford to run two cars.

 have decided to downsize to one car.

  It means we have less independence, but it is a decision we have to  make at this time.

 This evening, more news of theft.

 £600 of fuel  stolen from this bus depot.

 The company is looking to increase  security.

 Thanks for your comments.

 A derelict Bournemouth hotel, to  score by residents as an ice court -- eyesore, is to be demolished.

  The St George's Hotel on the West Cliff in Bournemouth has been empty  for years.

 The owners want to be developed it as flat, but council  officers preferred a tourism role.

 The hotel will be knocked down and  Still to come: Best foot forward for the cobbler who shines in and  They just want to keep their youth clubs.

 Teenagers in Crawley are  warning county councillors that antisocial behaviour could rise if  they cut back the youth service.

 Fourteen youth clubs in the county  face closure or funding cuts.

 The careers advice service and other  youth projects will also lose out.

 It could get worse.

 Tomorrow West  Sussex councillors will discuss doubling the youth budget savings  from £2 million to £4 million.

 This is the Oriel youth wing, one  of two youth centres in Crawley that could close if volunteers or  community groups don't come forward and take it off the county  council's hands.

 The teenagers say From Devastated for myself and  people around me because we learned so much from them.

 We get somewhat  out of them.

 Connexions, the careers advice service is also  facing cuts.

 In total, £2 million of savings need to be made in youth  services.

 Tomorrow county councillors will discuss doubling  this to £4 million.

 Community groups will have to step in to keep  things open.

 We do not need to close things.

 If we are successful  in terms of mobilising their community, mobilising other  organisations to step into the breach.

 We will have a part to play  in that but it is really important that we work with communities to  find solutions in terms of universal youth provision.

 The city  council in Brighton has seen its youth workers join a march against  cuts.

 It has now announced that 37 posts are going.

 The union, Unison,  is balloting staff over strike action.

 Back at the youth centre in  Crawley they believe antisocial behaviour could increase if cuts go  ahead.

 Teenagers will have to hang around on the streets.

 It is sort  of a cycle.

 If there is nothing a young people to do, people on the  streets were bemoaning and councillors will be saying, why  haven't we got at the cellar to? But at the same time councillors  are cutting money from youth services.

 It is hypocritical of.

  They have started a petition to make sure the council knows how  There have been protests about an anticipated 500 job cuts.

 A number  of proposals have been made, including requiring employees to  take unpaid leave.

 The council is A decision to close a care home in  Whitley will be made.

 The London Olympics are being  heralded as a great business opportunity as well as a sporting  occasion.

 Companies in Surrey have already won contracts worth more  than £700 million.

 Today Welsh politicians expressed concern that  firms there had won just 11 out of almost 1,500 contracts.

 Can smaller  companies also make it through the tortuous tendering process? It's a  question Ben Moore has been examining as the head of the  British Olympic Association visited training facilities in Surrey.

  Let's cross to Ben in Guildford.

 This is the Surrey Sports Park, a  real hive of activity.

 Home to a lot other eminent teams in the  south.

 We have the Surrey Storm netball team, Guildford heat  basketball, on the Twenties England teams for England and Robbie train  here, as do the Harlequins.

 We have also learnt recently that an  Olympic team, the antique wire and Barbados team.

 All sorts of other  businesses will be coming here today.

 Two local athletes, Surrey  sports car -- Sports Park is gold standard.

 These two Olympic  hopefuls trained here daily.

 It is like home ground.

 All the training  is here.

 Knowing that the competition is going to be just a  few miles away, it really brings it home how important it is.

 But when  an Olympics comes to town, there is more than just sport to considered.

  The head of the British Olympic Association was here to talk about  gold and silver of a different kind.

 Money.

 Of the £740 million of  contracts up for grabs in the south-east, companies in Surrey  have secured 90% of them.

 Businesses meeting here have won  their contracts, or they are not allowed to talk to the media about  the details.

 Still, I have been told it is a long and complicated  process.

 One managing director told me he had to have these entire 120  staff stayed behind to work one night on the qualification process  just so they could bid for work.

 So does this mean small businesses are  out of the race? Nearly 1,000 contracts have been won by small  and medium enterprises.

 I was hearing stories this morning of a  number of companies almost held a float by the opportunity to  undertake work a stop Hillier's is one company based outside Surrey in  Romsey.

 It will provide the trees for the Olympic Park, worth £1  million.

 Everyone is struggling in this climate.

 It came at the right  time.

 Given that the company confidence.

.

.

 It is one of the  biggest contracts we have ever secured.

 There are still contracts  to work on.

 For Surrey's young athletes, their county is still a  winner.

 Why has Surrey won the lion's share  of the contract so far? It is down to location.

 Surrey is  on a about 20 miles from London.

 That means construction firms that  took a big chunk of the contracts can get be materials in and out  easily.

 If team GB can emulate what Surrey have achieved economic we,  they will be climbing that medals table very quickly next year.

  A Sussex pensioner has been forced to sleep in her car after being  subjected to months of singing, shouting by students next door.

  Eventually she made up a bed in her car and made a desperate attempt to  get to sleep.

 The students have been fined and had their equipment  confiscated.

 I experienced sleep deprivation.

 I couldn't drive most  of the days.

 Because I had been up all night.

 People living in Sussex  can now get better access to pollution levels.

 The county has  become the first place outside London to launch a new application  for the iPhone giving access to live data from roadside monitoring  stations.

 Pollution levels were low across  Sussex today and there was more good news for people with breathing  problems, with the launch of a new mobile phone application giving  them information about pollution levels.

 The information is already  available on the internet but Sussex has become the first place  outside London to make it available to people on the move.

 University  lecturer Dr Kirsty Smallbone has examined how people with breathing  problems access pollution information.

 She says this has been  widely welcomed, especially by herself.

 I have exercise-induced  asthma so it's not particularly bad but I will have a look at the app  before I decide to go for a run, for example, and if it says there's  going to be particularly high pollution, then I might decide to  go to the gym instead.

 At a roadside monitoring site the man in  charge of the county's main air quality body showed me one of the  filters which has been exposed to the local air for a month.

  It is quite dark.

 Batty's particles from the road, from diesel vehicles  and emissions from the tailpipe.

 is hoped better information will  lead to a better health.

 Well, the information here at the moment is  live data of the current situation.

 But they hope by the end of the  year they will have forecasts for a day or two in advance so that  people with breathing problems can You hoped to be a sportsman but you  get to pass 20 and it is a dream you are not going to fulfil.

 But it  has been the case for Brett Williams, one of two new faces who  showed up at the royals today.

 Here still coming to terms with the huge  change in his loud start.

 A year ago, Brett Williams was a  part-time taxi driver taking customers to airport.

 Now he is the  one embarking on a journey, all the way to professional football.

  couldn't believe it at first.

 I just wanted to sort of John pop  enjoy and stuff like that.

 The 23- year-old was struggling to get a  game in the Wessex League but a move to Eastleigh saw him score  frequently and that made the royals move quickly.

 I played a reserve  team on Tuesday and managed to grab a goal.

 From there, I spoke to  Brian McDermott after the game and he said he wanted to sign me.

  had to work quickly because there were two or three clubs trying to  take him and have a look at him and we made a decision quickly.

 Seeing  as I was a chief scout for 10 years, sometimes you need to do that.

  Williams will be finding his feet but John Morrison go straight into  first-team contention.

 He has arrived from Swindon with a  reputation.

 To try and develop as a player with better players, it is  the ultimate goal.

 Easy decision.

 Brian McDermott may not be finished  yet in the transfer window and his anger that he will not be selling  any stars.

 Taxi to the Premier League, anyone?  Lee Bradbury takes charge of Bournemouth tonight, vowing to keep  the Cherries in the League One promotion picture.

 He'll be  assisted by striker Steve Fletcher.

 The pair have four games to prove  themselves, starting tonight at Rochdale.

 But they are feeling  confident.

 To keep it in the house is a good thing.

 We know how the  lads react, their strengths and weaknesses and how they react to  certain things.

 If someone came from the outside, it might rock the  boat a little bit.

 And the whole game is live on BBC  Radio Solent tonight from 7:05pm.

 There's a feature interview ahead  of the match with Cherries Chairman Eddie Mitchell.

  Aldershot, who announced a further restructuring of their board today,  include Tim Sills in their squad against Bradford.

 Sills re-signed  for the Shots yesterday after leaving Stevenage.

 BBC Surrey has  full commentary on that one.

 Tickets for Southampton Football  Club's biggest match for two years went on general sale today.

  Hundreds were at St Mary's bright and early this morning to buy seats  for Saints' fourth round FA Cup tie at home to Manchester United a week  on Saturday.

 The club are expecting a sell-out crowd of around 32,000.

  22,000 tickets sold so far.

 Organisers of the Brighton Marathon  have said there won't be a major title sponsor for this year's race.

  The team had been hoping to attract a big-name supporter for the  event's second year, but they say the poor economic climate has made  it difficult.

 Other sponsors have continued to pledge money.

 It was a  great success last year.

 It is a good race, that one.

  Not many 82-year-old footballers around, are they?  Very few! Imagine still working at 82 years  old.

 In the shop your father started during the war.

 An  impressive record in anyone's books.

 It's a way of life for the family  who run Stonehenge footwear.

 But it's the third generation, and  relative baby of the business Martin Coombes, who is about to set  a record in his own right.

 Martin Coombes has been repairing  shoes since he was 12 years old.

 His shop was started by his  grandfather during the war, and is the longest standing family  business in the village of Wilton.

 But tomorrow, Martin will have a  longevity record of his own, and A familiar routine for more than  four decades.

 Martin swaps shoes for boots as a retained firefighter,  dealing with up to 300 call-outs a year.

 I have been involved when the  Maltings caught fire.

 And the White Hart in Salisbury.

 Numerous amount  of thatched cottages be go to.

 When I first joined, we never had  breeding operators.

 It was hold your breath, Gawain and come back  out again.

 -- breathing apparatus.

 This weekend he'll check his kit  one last time.

 After 42 years and two months, he retires.

 But having  joined up at 18, he'll go down in history as the longest serving  firefighter in the county.

 Martin has served this sais -- this  station forecourt to two years.

 He has served Wiltshire Fire and  Rescue Service of 42 years at most of all he has served his community  for that length of time.

 And that is a record, as far as we will  share Fire and rescue is concerned.

 -- will chair Fire and rescue.

  There's still time for one last shout though.

 Martin clocks off for  good on Saturday.

 That is quite an achievement.

  He looks good for his age.

 Good luck until Saturday.

  Did I tell you how Tony played football last night? We have a  picture here.

 Prospects for footy practise at  Birdham near Chichester don't look too good after last night's rain.

  Sent in by George Andrews.

 Cast your eyes back to December and  remember -5C for the first week of December.

 Then we made it up to 13  Celsius, well above the seasonal average last week.

 Now we are  slipping back to where we should be for this week.

 Tonight turning  rather chilly once again and it is going to be dry, frosty and foggy.

  The fog could be an issue for western part.

 Extensive fog most  likely here, widespread light frost as well.

 A strip of cloud hanging  on to the Far East.

 Tomorrow morning there will be some decent  sunny spells to be had.

 We had a finger of cloud heading from the  Midlands.

 For the second part of the day, hazy sunshine towards  Sussex.

 The winds lighter than today.

 In the evening, it will be  colder than tonight because high pressure is completely dominating  the scene.

 So it is going to be below freezing for the Far West and  from -- fog and frost could be an issue.

 Look at this high pressure  expanding itself and spreading dinner.

 It will dominate the scene  by a third state.

 Bennett pushes to the far South West by weekend.

 --  by Thursday.

 More cloud and crunching from eastern areas and a  breeze picking up.

 Through Thursday, they could be some light drizzle on  the south coast.

 Elsewhere, mainly

 Welcome to Midlands Today.

  The headlines: the 842 year -- £42 million plan to turn youngsters  into model citizens.

 It teaches them how to handle their emotions,  their feelings, how to deal with them.

  18 Major is in court charged with killing an elderly couple after  setting fire to their liabilities could have.

 -- a teenager.

  20 years on, how has the M40 changed the region's economic  landscape? We have seen an increase in big business and tourism as well.

  He is survived cancer and a heart attack.

 We meet the 73-year-old  Good evening.

 Welcome to the start of the week.

 Tonight, at £42  million to try to stop young children are growing into anti-  social adults.

 That is the price Birmingham City Council is planning  to pay on a scheme which has already proved a success in the  United States.

 The Americans have used the same  programme for the past 30 years, aiming to turn four and five year  olds into model citizens.

 We will speak to the Director of Strategy  and Commissions for Birmingham City Council later, but first this  report from Cath Mackie.

 Clean shirt, cleaner teeth, and  Liam Stanley is ready for school.

 He arrives at Wychall Primary  school in Birmingham where the lesson today is understanding  emotions.

 What makes you feel angry? If somebody will not play  with you? His school is one of 30 involved in a trial project called  PATHS, all back -- a or Promoting Alternative Thinking Strategies,  which aims at making children model citizens.

 This is the man behind it,  who says it is paying dividends.

 Our cost savings estimate that for  every dollar invested we will see a return of between three and $8 over  the lifespan of people's lives in savings.

 That is in reduced court  costs, in the people getting good jobs and pay in local taxes for  example.

 The kinds of things which build a civil society.

 That is the  sort of return Birmingham City Council will hope to emulate.

 They  have invested £42 million in the skin.

 But how do you judge the  success of a scheme which teaches children intangible concepts like  emotion and relationships? This school says they have real evidence  to show it is working.

 We looked at the children in the last academic  year and there was a significant improvement of 20% in their  development in personal, social and emotional development.

 I like when  my friends are happy.

 I think it is a really good skin, because it  teaches children how to handle their emotions and how to deal with  them.

 They seem to think about things before they go ahead and do  something.

 If they are angry with each other, they could end -- they  tend to stop and think about it.

 PATHS is judged to have worked in  Birmingham it will be rolled out about -- in schools across the city.

  With us now is Birmingham's Director of Strategy and  Commissions, Cheryl Hopkins.

 Thanks for joining us.

 Can this really  work? You are targeting children very young? One of the things we  are doing is testing it out in Birmingham.

 At the moment we have  30 schools signed up to do the programme, and we have the highest  standards of evidence.

 Controlled studies.

 30 of the schools get the  programme and 30 do not.

 We will measure the impact and the outcomes  on children's behaviour, on their emotional well-being and so on.

  Only then, if we are confident that it can work in a Birmingham certain,  because it has proved to work in the US and lots of other places,  only then will we roll it out.

 could sound like American  psychobabble? Yes, indeed.

 But the evidence shows not just where it  has been tested in the States but elsewhere, that it actually  improves children's learning.

 If their behaviour is settled, they  are less aggressive, they are getting on with their colleagues  and that improve their learning.

 How can you afford it at such a  difficult, straightened time? good question.

 We do live in a  challenging times.

 We have to be careful that this programme works,  which is why we are testing it out.

 The £42 million we have got is for  a number of programmes, this is one of them.

 All of them have solid  evidence that they work elsewhere.

 In financial straits, we have to be  confident that what we are putting in place is going to work.

 And not  putting in place programmes or activities where we are not sure  what impact they have on outcomes for children.

 Thanks very much  indeed.

 Since we mention this at lunchtime  we have a few e-mails.

 Gordon in Warwickshire's says that he does  not disagree with the principle behind it, but he thinks  behavioural problems start and finish at home and parents and  family units should take more responsibility for this, not  schools or indeed the taxpayers.

 He does, say, I feel that the climate  in councils that are making people at the -- making people redundant  at the moment it, but the money could be spent better.

  Get in touch with us on this.

 You can see more on this on Inside Out  on BBC One at 7:30pm this evening.

 You are watching Midlands Today.

  Coming up: Hell-bent on moving south.

 If the Sunderland striker  Darren Bent on his way to Aston Villa? -- is the Sunderland  striker? First, a teenager has gone on trial  accused of starting a fire which killed an elderly couple.

 It is  alleged he set alight a mobility is good outside their home and the  flames spread to the house.

 The prosecution said the youth had  an unhealthy interest in fire.

 Nearly one a year ago on the  Woodlands Estate in Rugby someone set fire to a battery-powered  scooter outside the home of an elderly disabled couple, Albert and  Kathleen Adams.

 The blaze spread to their home and they both died from  inhaling smoke.

 Accused of them manslaughter, the then 15 year olds  accused then told a friend he had done it for fun.

 According to the  prosecution he had an unhealthy interest in certain things alight.

  They claimed that on an earlier occasion he threatened to burn down  the home of a girl who had rejected his advances.

 His friends said they  had seen him use an aerosol can to try to set fire to food and  furniture.

 He was often a scene of flicking a cigarette lighter.

 This  was a young man, said the prosecuting counsel, very, very  interested if not obsessed by fire.

 48 hours later there was a second,  very similar fire in which another as good a belonging to another  pensioner was destroyed.

 The youth, who has learning difficulties and  cannot be named for legal reasons, denies setting that fire and the  manslaughter of Mr and Mrs Adams.

 The trial is expected to last eight  weeks.

 A 8 round up of other news.

 Police  have named a man killed after a fight at a pub in north  Worcestershire.

 50-year-old John Parkinson from all church was  attacked at the Red Lion pub in Saturday night.

 He was taken to the  hospital Mac but died of his injuries.

 Police are continuing to  question a man and a woman, both in their twenties, who were arrested  yesterday afternoon.

 -- he was taken to Alexandra Hospital in  Redditch.

 I am shocked, it was a quiet place.

 I have never even seen  anybody drunk in the line when I have been there.

 It is very much  about food and I am surprised.

 sad news.

 It is unfortunate  regarding the drinking that is bringing these things on, evidently.

  An investigation has begun at Birmingham Airport after a light  aircraft coming into land narrowly missed a stationary passenger plane  wage and -- waiting to take off.

 The near-miss happened at last  Wednesday afternoon evolving a privately operated flight from  Belgium and a Flybe aircraft with 50 passengers.

 The Air Accident  Investigation Branch is looking into the incident.

  It has been 20 years since the and 40 opened, linking Birmingham with  London at a cost of £300 million to construct.

 -- since the M40 opened.

  When it was built in 1991 around 50,000 vehicles were expected to  use the motorway daily.

 Today more than 80,000 vehicles used did every  day.

 Kevin Reide has looked at the impact it has had on the Midlands.

  By cutting this ribbon I declare open this 59 mile stretch.

.

.

  The grand opening of the red in January 1991 by the then transport  minister Malcolm Rifkind.

 -- of the M40.

 It is still very much a part  of the Warwickshire countryside as seen here from the beauty of the  Burton Dassett Hills.

 Its construction through such green  belt cause controversy and led to protest.

 The almost constant noise  is still resented by some.

 We only get a break if the wind direction  changes and our neighbours suffer, or if there is an accident.

  others say it is essential to the economy of the region.

 Comtec  Translations claim to benefit from the motorway.

 They provide  translation services for many companies, including Jaguar-Land  Rover at Gaydon.

 It is important because it is about transport links.

  We can travel to the south to visit customers and suppliers, and we can  travel to Birmingham Airport or Heathrow to visit our customers  overseas.

 The road is also seen as an important link into the tourist  heartland of Warwickshire.

 Warwick for example tourism brings  in £19 million per month.

 So that, in turn, is 5,000 people employed.

  That is attributed to the M40.

 there are now concerned the  motorway's presence could attract that the construction, with one MP  suggesting a new high-speed rail link could be built in part  alongside it.

 There is a possibility we might be blighted  even further if they get their way.

 There was no celebratory cake for  the road back today.

 It's but they simply stirred a few unwanted  memories for some.

 -- no A gang of cowboy builders were  convicted today of fleecing home- owners out of nearly £1 million for  work they never did.

 The builders, from Gloucestershire, collected as  much cash up front as possible before leaving their victims "in  the lurch" and disappearing.

 Nick Harris, who ran Construction  Management Development and CMD Services in Gloucester, Mark Dixon  and Matthew Higgins were all found Protesters at the University of  Birmingham are staging a sit-in on canvas -- cambers against  redundancies and cuts to department budgets.

 20 p but have taken over a  study area in the maths and visits.

 -- 20 people.

 The university says  many of the redundancies will be voluntary but the protesters say  they will be there indefinitely until the university is willing to  dock.

 Two men had been remanded in  custody charged with conspiracy to supply a class A drugs.

 Been Smith  from Cannock and Chudleigh Smith will appear before Stafford Crown  Court next Wednesday.

 It follows the discovery of a large quantity  of cocaine in a van in Hednesford Police say they are still  investigating the death of a woman in a crash on a level crossing near  Hereford a year ago.

 Jane Harding died when the barriers were up as  her car crashed at the age -- crossed the track.

 Investigations  are being considered by the Crown Prosecution Service and a man is on  police bail after being arrested on suspicion of manslaughter.

  Still to come: We meet the Staffordshire runner who scores 10  Staffordshire runner who scores 10 More about him a bit later, but  first, hundreds of soldiers based in Gloucester are about to become  the brains behind NATO's mission in Afghanistan.

  They are part of the Allied Rapid reaction Corps and are heading to  Kabul to help run NATO's headquarters there.

  The Allied Rapid reaction Corps from Gloucester have had months of  training for Afghanistan.

 Now it is time for the off.

 Major Chris Hyde  is saying goodbye Coxwold, hello Kabul.

 He will be away from his  wife and two children for a year.

 tried to keep the children  distracted, and I keep myself distracted as well.

 We usually have  things planned.

 It will be difficult, but we should be all  The internet is a wonderful resource can we have phones, we  have Skype.

 Now, communicating is a lot easier than it would have been.

  He is among 280 staff from Gloucester who help run the Afghan  mission.

 Overseeing 130,000 soldiers from 48 countries to stop  getting ready for a tour of Afghanistan has meant a quick  turnaround for the staff of the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps, who  only arrived here at the RAF base last summer.

 Hardly time to think  of the risks which lie ahead.

 They may not be heading for the front  line, but even the headquarters in Kabul are not safe.

 You get more  attacks, suicide bombers come anything like that can happen.

 You  cannot legislate for it.

 That means some grim paperwork before the off.

  Make a will, get in short, -- insured, and get a DNA swab.

 A bit  nervous, I just want to come back in July and have a nice time with  my family.

 Much of the work is computer-based, co-ordinating a  vast, complex military mission.

 A long way from the gunfire, but if  the training pays off and they do a good job, it will be the frontline  soldiers who benefit.

 Aston Villa are tonight on the  verge of shattering the club's record transfer fee.

 They've  offered £18 million for the Sunderland striker Darren Bent.

  But it seems they'll have to go even higher to get their man.

 Our  reporter is at Villa Park.

 This is an exciting one.

 It would  absolutely smashed the club's transfer record.

 What we know at  the moment is that Darren Bent has put in a transfer request at  Sunderland.

 We have spoken to our friends in Newcastle who seem to  think it would take £20 million for Sunderland are to sell their  striker.

 Let's speak to a passionate Aston Villa fan.

 It is a  lot of money.

 I don't know that we have that money.

 Are now we shall I  do beginning of the season, which is one of the reasons that Martin  O'Neill left, was that there would be no money.

 To hear that news is  of concern to me.

 If we spend £18 million and we still go down, it is  a bigger risk.

 So you think it is the panic button being pressed?  Definitely.

 I think the panic button brought the current manager  in.

 I think this would be a bigger risk.

 They should have brought him  in at the beginning of the season.

 We should have brought in Kenny  Miller on loan.

 The boss has got to be given a chance to build his  squad, hasn't he? He has got to build a squad, and Darren Bent  might be the first part of that.

 Yes, but at this point, where we  are sitting in the lead, it is very risky.

 -- in the league.

 It is a  bigger risk to take.

 You spend at £18 million, and if we go down,  will he want to stay with us? What do you do with that money? You will  have to let him go.

 Take a player on loan, I don't know why they  haven't signed Kenny Miller.

 will find out over the next few  days if it will happen.

 We do know that Robbie Keane will not be going  to Birmingham City, they say they have stopped their interest in  signing him from Tottenham despite agreeing a fee of £6 million.

 In  the middle of all this chaos, both clubs managed a gain of the ball  It's billed as one of the games of the season.

 But look at the empty  seats behind.

 Perhaps the trouble when the two sides met in December  put people off.

 But the crowd was the second lowest of the season so  far.

 Those who went saw an entertaining game, though.

  Defenders scored the goals.

 Roger Johnson put Birmingham City ahead.

  James Collins made it a 1-1 draw which leaves both clubs in  relegation peril.

 I'm happy to get the goal, but disappointed we  didn't end up with the three points.

 I think we could have done better  I think we should have done more, considering the chances we created.

  When we came back to 1-1, we had a number of good chances to win the  Wolves remain in the bottom three, but they didn't give up without a  fight at Manchester City.

 They came back from 4-1 down to trail 4-3.

  But they couldn't find the elusive equaliser.

 West Bromwich Albion  were also involved in a thriller against Blackpool.

 They fell behind,  but James Morrison's goal put them 2-1 up in the second half.

 With ten  minutes left, they were pegged back by Gary Taylor-Fletcher.

 But the  Hawthorns erupted when Peter Odemwingie pounced in the closing  minutes to give Albion a vital 3-2 It was a very exciting game for the  supporters, and the neutral.

 So many chances both ends.

 We are just  Stoke City were also winners, beating Bolton 2-0 at the Britannia  Stadium.

 Danny Higginbotham put them in front, and a penalty from  Matthew Etherington made the points safe.

 Unlike the rest of our teams,  And while we're talking football, there's a welcome return tonight  for Late Kick Off.

 We will be focusing on our 11 Football League  clubs.

 Yes, we have all the goals from all the teams in the region.

  We have a piece from Nottingham Forest, with their Welsh connection.

  They will be talking about their promotion push for the last half of  the season.

 Also Coventry, they need some stability and success.

  Their current incumbent in charge is the 9th manager in 10 years.

 He  knows there is plenty of work to be done.

 The club has been out the  Premiership for 10 years, there is a reason for that.

 Slowly but  surely, I am working, along with the chairman and everyone, to put  those things right.

 So far, I think we are on the right track.

 Will we  get promoted this season? We work to do that.

 What else have you got  for us? Also, Port Vale, it is all change of there.

 They were defeated  by Crewe Alexandra at the weekend, but Micky Adams is no longer at the  helm.

 He transformed the club, but they have a new manager.

 We will be  getting be manager from him as to how he will expect to bring success  to them.

 That along with all the goals, and extended interviews with  all the managers.

 At 11:05pm It's hard enough running one  marathon, but 73-year-old John Dawson from Lichfield in  Staffordshire is preparing to complete ten marathons in just ten  days.

 He only took up running in  retirement after suffering a heart attack and surviving cancer.

 Now  he's gearing up for a charity endurance event in the Lake  District.

 Naomi Cornwell went to meet him during a training session.

  John could be forgiven for wanting to put his feet up.

 He's had a  heart attack, lost an eye to cancer and suffered prostate problems.

 But  this 73-year-old is constantly on the move.

 I run on average about 55  miles a week.

 I had a heart attack 20 years ago.

 And I used to smoke  terribly before then, and never thought of anything like this.

 Then  one day, my kids said they wanted a video.

 And I ran to the video shop,  it was only about 300 yards, and I thought, I like that! The jog to  the video shop progressed to an entry in the New York marathon.

  Then 341 more marathons.

 Now John's gearing up for a fresh challenge.

  He's one of 18 runners who'll be attempting 10 marathons in ten days  around Windermere.

 This weekend they met for the first time to  exchange tips on fundraising and foot survival.

 His story is true  inspiration, it is one of the most scenic marathons in Europe, but it  is a very tough.

 Your professional marathon runners wouldn't come here,  because they couldn't beat their personal bests.

 So physically, it  is incredibly challenging.

 The aim is to raise money and inspire young  people.

 And here's one participant who certainly doesn't believe in  retirement.

 You need some kind of challenge.

 You only live once!  kind of a challenge! Unbelievable.

 One marathon is enough, I think!  You would be dreading waking up, We have been in the dark this  winter, with the snow, the rain, the cloud.

 But I think we could see  some sunshine this week.

 Plenty about, but it will be cold and  drier, with some night frosts and fog.

 It depends how quickly the fog  lifts as to whether we get sunshine.

 High pressure is definitely  dominant, and it is going to be practically motionless, just  hovering over us.

 As the tonight, we have got some rain, very little  fog.

 You can see this train is affecting the southern half of the  region, and it will be clearing from the South-East later on  tonight.

 After that, clearer spells, with temperatures dipping perhaps  as low as freezing.

 There could beat a touch of frost in those  parts.

 During the morning tomorrow, fairly sunny in some places, any  cloud will break up during the day, giving us longer spells of sunshine.

  We have got high is similar to today, cooler than it was over the  weekend.

 That is due to the wind direction.

 As to the outlet, from  tomorrow night, we start to see frost and fog developing.

 But the  days will become colder.

 We don't know about that snow yet during the  night on Thursday, but it could Snow again! I cannot believe it.

  A look at tonight's main headlines: Reforming the public sector - David  Cameron says the coalition has a once in a lifetime to improve the  health service.

 And Birmingham City Council's  planning to spend £42 million on a scheme to turn youngsters into  model citizens.

 We have had a number of e-mails and  phone calls about that.

 Ian says he is astonished this amount of money  is being spent on this project.

 "surely this kind of teaching  should begin at home with the family".

 Graham says that although  the idea of training children to face problems is good, he agrees  with previous comments that many problems start within the family,  and maybe parents should add -- attend these.

 Drew says something  should be done with the behaviour of children and adults in the UK.

  We might be able to speak to each other in years to come rather than  ignore each other.

 Steve in Coventry says, "stop money would be  better spent on the school's building programme, given the state  most of them are in".

 And Julia rang to say, "I think it is an  excellent idea, give me a child until the age of seven and I will  give you the man.

 Teach them the psychology needed to be good  citizens".

 I must say, people are staggeringly rich these days.

  Interesting that this has been used in America, with some success.

 You  can hear more on that on our programme at 7:30pm this evening.

  Before we go tonight, some news that could affect your television  viewing.

 For the next three nights, work will be taking place on  transmitters in the West Midlands.

 Viewers in Wolverhampton, Telford  and Shropshire watching through the Wrekin transmitter will lose  analogue television between If you're watching Freeview  services from the Sutton Coldfield transmitter there'll be disruption  during the tests.

 Analogue television will not be affected.

  All the work is towards Digital Switchover, which comes to the West  For more information you can call I have to say for the first time  ever yesterday, I was filling up my

 More violence in Tunisia, as  details emerge tonight of a new government to restore order.

  There's fighting on the streets, as the security forces take on  supporters of the deposed president.

 In the capital, there's confusion,  as police arrest armed foreigners caught up in the mayhem.

 We'll be  asking whether a new government can bring the crisis to an end.

 Also  tonight.

.

.

 The biggest shake-up of the NHS since its birth - but  doctors say coalition plans are "hugely risky" and patients could  suffer.

 They may have to wait longer for their treatment, they  may have to go further for the treatment, or they may find the  quality of the trip and has gone down.

 Tributes are paid to the  actress Susannah York, who has died at the age of 72.

 And Australia's  Shane Watson smashes his way to a century to sink England in  Good evening.

 Tunisia remains tense tonight after hours of fighting  around the presidential palace, with security forces battling  supporters of the former president.

 Two days after President Ben Ali  was forced into exile, a curfew remains in place.

 The prime  minister says there will be zero tolerance for anyone threatening  Tunisia's security.

 As the first details emerge of a new government  for the country, here's our correspondent Adam Mynott in Tunis  - you may find some of the images distressing.

 Tunisia remains a  dangerous and unstable place.

 There are still frequent encounters  between security forces and gunmen, some thought to be loyal to the  former regime.

 Soldiers on patrol have exchanged fire with people  hiding in buildings.

 Everyone is very jumpy.

 The risk of death and  injury is very real.

 Suspicion stalks every neighbourhood.

 A party  of Swedish and German nationals were dragged from their car and  very severely beaten.

 They were in the country on hunting holiday,  with weapons in the back of their vehicle, and were set upon after  people suspected there were some sort of militia.

 The men were very  badly injured and then arrested.

 One of the injured men said he had  no idea who attacked them.

 When they saw the guns, they were crazy.

  They took us down like this, and hit us and kick ass, and people  were screaming.

 We do not know.

 Days of violence have cut off  supplies from local stores, and many shops have been looted.

 There  are now queues at food shops, and some have had to wait ages to buy  milk.

 Outside petrol stations, long lines of cars, because tankers have  been stuck, unable to move while the country has been in turmoil.

  This is one of more than 60 people who has died in the past four weeks,  martyrs as they are now known.

 He died during the mass protest in  Tunis which precipitated the collapse of the government and the  end of President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali.

 People from the local  community have been calling at his mother's home, in a poor district  of the capital, to pay their tributes.

 She says he was murdered  in cold blood by the police.

 TRANSLATION: President Zine al-  Abidine Ben Ali and his family have robbed us, and they have left the  country with money they stole from the people, while my son plays with  his life.

 There is no question that the atmosphere remains very tense  in Tunis and in other towns and cities.

 The Army is everywhere,  they're in control.

 What the people want is a safe political future as  well.

 The Prime Minister is working to form an interim government.

 He  has been meeting politicians from all sides, trades unionists and  members of civil society.

 Well, there's a curfew again tonight, but  we can speak to Adam in Tunis now.

 Adam - we're hearing details of a  new government being formed.

 Will that be enough to bring the crisis  under control? We have had strange goings-on in my hotel.

 A few  minutes ago we were ordered out of the lobby up on to the fifth floor,  because militia had arrived in the hotel, we're told.

 They're now  apparently on the first floor of the hotel.

 Everything is very  uncertain.

 There has been a gun battle tonight between what are  thought to be former loyalists to President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali  and their opponents.

 Meanwhile attempts are being made to find a  political outcome.

 It looks as though during the course of  tomorrow, a government of national unity will be announced, a  government which will include not just politicians, but also members  of civil society, lawyers and The chairman of the British Medical  Association has told the BBC that the Government's reforms to the NHS  are "hugely risky" and are being rushed through.

 Dr Hamish Meldrum  said ministers had handled the changes badly and were risking  patient care.

 The reforms will be set out in Parliament this week.

  They include primary care trusts in England being abolished, and GPs  being given extra powers.

 Tomorrow the Prime Minister will defend the  changes and call for the rapid modernisation of public services.

  Here's our political correspondent Gary O'Donoghue.

 This week will see  the biggest shake-up in the NHS in England since it was set up more  than 60 years ago.

 But today, a stark warning.

 These are very wide-  ranging plans, they're being done at a time when the NHS is going  through a very tight financial position, and they really are  hugely risky, and they're going to risk damaging services to patients.

  As architect of the reforms, the Health Secretary has faced much  criticism for the pace of change, pushing the reforms through over  the next two or three years.

 So, what are the main changes? GPs will  be given much more power in commissioning of services for  patients.

 There will be provision of care services provided by a  market, which will have much more private sector involvement.

  Extraordinarily risky, that's the opinion from the NHS Confederation,  which represents organisations like ambulance trusts.

 In a report  tomorrow they're expected to broadly welcomed the changes, but  suggest that some hospitals could close.

 Ministers will publish their  plans for Health Service reform in England to parliament on Wednesday.

  But before that, David Cameron will make a major speech tomorrow in  which I'm told he will give a passionate explanation of the need  for reform and the pace at which he's doing it.

 Putting power in the  hands of patients and GPs - that's what the Government says its plans  are all about.

 This is where the authority should be, not with  managers at the national level.

 This is what our reforms will  achieve.

 It will lead to better outcomes for patients.

 The NHS has  always been one of the key political battlegrounds in Britain.

  The opposition were quick to join in the criticism, described in the  plans as unpicking the very fabric of the Health Service.

 At the  moment where the NHS is facing a huge financial challenge, they  bring in a massive reorganisation, on a scale which we have never seen  before, threatening to turn order into chaos.

 The NHS has been spared  the deep cuts seen in other departments, but it is still going  to have thrown it -- to have to go through a deeper period of upheaval.

  How do you think David Cameron will be framing the debate tomorrow?  This will be a major speech on public service reform by the Prime  Minister tomorrow.

 He will talk about it as a political and  personal priority, and he will go back to talking about the doctors  who looked after his eldest son before he died, and he will mention  the maternity nurses that looked after his youngest daughter, when  she was born last summer.

 He will say he wants to do right by the  public services.

 But he will have a stark warning for them, he will say  that the pace of reform has to get faster.

 He will also talk about  extra GPS who are getting into groups to manage services for  patients around the country.

 More than half the country, he will say,  is now covered by groups of GPs prepared to do that.

 He will also  talk about the need for reform in areas like education, too.

 You will  remember that Tony Blair, just two years into his term as Prime  Minister, said he bore the scars on his back from trying to reform  public services.

 It appears that this Prime Minister is prepared to  The Irish Prime Minister, Brian Cowen, has announced that he's  staying on as leader of his party despite pressure to resign over the  financial crisis.

 Mr Cowen said his resignation wouldn't be in the  interests of the country, but a confidence motion on his leadership  is to be put to his party on Tuesday.

 The Irish Foreign Minister,  Michael Martin, has said he will vote against Mr Cowen.

 Our Ireland  correspondent, Mark Simpson, is in Dublin.

 So will Mr Cowen still be  leader by the end of the week? There's no doubt he's in trouble  tonight.

 But the political reality here is the same as anywhere else  in the world.

 If you have a Prime Minister being openly opposed by  his Foreign Minister, a senior member of the Cabinet, he has got a  very big problem.

 Significantly tea tonight, the Foreign Minister is  the only minister to come forward as a rabble as such.

 There has not  been a domino effect.

 So for that reason, Brian Cowen's supporters  are pretty optimistic that he will survive Tuesday's vote.

 He still  will be in office this time next week, they think - we will see.

  It's 20 years ago tonight that Operation Desert Storm began, with  a US-led military force setting out to dislodge the Iraqi army from  Kuwait.

 The war was short, but it's had a lasting effect on thousands  of ex-servicemen who say they're still suffering from what's become  known as Gulf War syndrome.

 The term remains controversial and  support groups say Britain lags behind the US in its care for sick  It has been called the most toxic war in history.

 Special measures  were taken to protect troops because of fears that Saddam  Hussein would use chemical or biological weapons.

 Soldiers were  exposed to depleted uranium and pesticides, amongst other things.

  Kerry Fuller's hairdresser has to come to him.

 A man who once fought  for Britain now struggles to walk to the end of his street.

 The  muscles around his heart of wasted, and in 2004, he had a stroke.

  person in these pictures, that's not whom I am now.

 A lot of us feel  it would have been far better had we not come back, had we been  killed in action.

 20 years on, thousands of those who served are  still sick, and veterans like Kerry Fuller feel they have been  abandoned.

 We had hoped that once good evidence had been found in the  United States, that this country would have had the good grace to  say, that's good enough for us.

 But unfortunately no government to date  has been willing to do that.

 Nobody at the Ministry of Defence was  willing to be interviewed, but they Kerry Fuller has no doubt his  illness is a result of the war, and he's angry at how he has been  treated.

 To get a war pension, veterans have to claim separately  for each of their symptoms.

 He says he has been through several  Tributes have been paid to the actress Susannah York, who has died  at the age of 72.

 One of the biggest Hollywood stars of the late  '60s, she was nominated for an Oscar for her role in the film They  Shoot Horses, Don't They? Mark Sanders looks back at her life.

 She  was one of the great screen beauties of the 1960s, but there  was so much more to Susannah York than simply good looks.

 She was  nominated for an Oscar, and she won a BAFTA for her performance in They  Shoot Horses, Don't They?.

 It was a traumatic story of American life in  the Great Depression.

 Susannah York appeared in hit films such as Tom  Jones and A Man For All Seasons.

 She enjoyed challenging roles, such  as in Killing Of Sister George.

 She also played Superman's mother.

  Those who worked with her say she never lost her passion for  performance.

 The moment the camera was on her, she leapt into life,  and she absolutely grabbed the screen.

 Susannah York was a noted  anti-nuclear campaigner, a supporter of the Israeli whistle  Blower Mordechai Vanunu.

 Later in life, she continued to work on  stage and TV.

 But her place in film history is secure, with those  defining early cinematic roles.

 The actress Susannah York, who died  yesterday.

 Time for the sport now.

 There were four matches in the  Premier League today, including three derbies.

 Match of the Day 2  is straight after the news with all the action, so if you want to avoid  the results, look away, because Sunderland got appointing injury  time against Newcastle at the Stadium of Light.

 It was also one-  one in the Birmingham derby, James Collins with Aston Villa's  equaliser as they climb out of the relegation zone.

 England's  cricketers scored 294 runs in Melbourne today their biggest ever  one day total in Australia, but they still lost.

 Shane Watson hit  an unbeaten century as Australia won by 6 wickets to go one up in  the seven match series.

 They smashed them in the Ashes, so could  they do it in the one-day games? Well, Kevin Pietersen started well  and gave the crowd impromptu catching practice.

 On 78 he was  undone by Mitchell Johnson's fancy footwork, but by the time Chris  Tremlett to launch one towards the suburbs, England had notched up 294,  a record for them in Australia.

 It looked a handy enough total, but  they had not reckoned on this.

 Shane Watson and one of the great  one-day innings.

 At the other end, England were chipping away.

 Mike  Hussey's departure gave them a chance.

 But after weeks of  impeccable Fielding, they let it slip through their fingers.

 With  five balls left, Watson finished them off in suitably blistering  style.

 He ended on 161 not out.

 England are beaten, but beaten by  One of British football's finest players Nat Lofthouse has died at  the age of 85.

 His goalscoring record for his hometown club Bolton  and England was phenomenal.

 Richard Askam looks back at his career.

 A  one-club man, Nat Lofthouse was a player with one talent, scoring  goals.

 In a 452 appearances for Bolton Wanderers he found the net  255 times.

 His hometown club was always is.

 I was a Bolton lad, so I  came down and signed on.

 September 4th, 1939.

 For England, his scoring  ratio was even more impressive.

 33 caps and 30 goals.

 Outstanding in  any era.

 He was nicknamed the Lion of Vienna for his bravery in a  match against Austria in 1952.

 Injured by some extremely rough  tackling, he scored twice, before being knocked unconscious in a  collision with the goalkeeper.

 Typical of him, he came back on.

  endeared himself not only to Bolton fans, but to England fans as well.

  He was the kind of player, his style rubbed off on the other  players, I think.

 The it is a proud Nat Lofthouse receiving the  precious trophy.

 His greatest moment was scoring twice and then  lifting the FA Cup as captain in 1958.

 A moment he treasured.

 He  went on to work for Bolton as a scout, coach, and manager, but it  were his achievements as a player

 lunchtime.

 Join me if you can on  In South Today.

 Devastating, say unions, as 1200 job losses are  announced at the biggest local authority in the region.

 I hope to  God that the people who go know that they we have -- we have  appreciated them and that will be scant consolation.

 Protesters take  the fence -- the fight against fluoride to the High Court.

 There  must be something else they can do.

 Mass medication isn't the way  forward.

 The way ahead is clear for the new rapid transit system  between Fareham and Gosport.

 And building their confidence -  youngsters with autism are encouraged to take part in sport.

  Even people with severe or doesn't have a chance to show what they can  Opponents of plans to put fluoride into the top quarter of over  200,000 homes took their case to the High Court today.

.

 The local  health trust for the Southampton area says it's needed to improve  children's teeth but some people say it could be harmful.

 Our health  correspondent, David Fenton, watched today's events in London  and joins me now.

 David, what has the court heard today? A lot of  technical legal arguments but really it boils down to two  questions.

 Was the public consultation handled property --  properly and were the arguments against fluoride being listen to  because this was a huge public consultation.

 110,000 letters sent  to residents, 2000 phone-calls to ask people's opinions and half-a-  dozen public meetings and at the very end, 72% of people said they  were against it.

 Including this dentist.

 I am concerned that they  might use this as a card plunge to proceed but the rest of the country.

  With so many other countries already rejecting fluoride as being  outdated and dangerous and ineffective, this would be a real  backwards step for the UK.

 Despite this, healthy authorities said they  were going to go ahead with the plans to put fluoride into the  water and that was what angered so many people who turned up in court.

  We said no, 72% of people said no and they said they are going to go  ahead anyway.

 It is disgraceful that they should override the  wishes of the majority.

 It isn't something you should have a vote on,  it is an individual choice.

 This is seen as a test case.

 It clearly is.

  Southampton as the first place in the country to try to do this since  the law changed, allowing the authorities to order fluoride to be  put into the water supply and the Primary Care Trust says it will  save 32,000 teeth over the next 20 years.

 And a saving to the NHS of  around 32p for each tooth.

 Schemes have been in place in this country  for 40 years and have shown to have proven benefits in places like the  Midlands and in the north-east.

 Five-and-a-half million people in  this country have been drinking fluoridated water.

 I should say  that opponents say this is a form of enforced medication because  one's fluoride is put into the water supply, you cannot really  refuse it.

 And that really was their case.

 The hearing continues  tomorrow.

 David, thank you.

 One union is called it devastating news.

  And the leader of the biggest council in our region said it was  as bad a situation has he had seen in his 30 years in local government.

  The comments followed today's announcement that 1,200 jobs will  be lost at Hampshire County Council.

 It's the latest in a long line of  budget cuts in town halls across the region.

 In total, thousands of  jobs are going to be lost, and those left in work are facing pay  freezes and in some cases pay cuts.

 Alex Forsyth reports on today's  announcement from the largest local authority in the BBC South region.

  Cots are no surprise, and today we learnt how deep.

 1200 jobs will go,  but they will not all be redundancies.

 Some vacancies will  not be filled.

 Other employees will leave naturally and not be replaced,  but some staff will be forced to go.

 I would not have one person will if  I could avoid it.

 Not one person, because it alters their lives and I  hope to God that the people who ago know that we have appreciated what  they have done.

 Employees said they are very worried about today's  announcement.

 One woman described as devastating.

 However, one  employee who spoke to last said they had been expecting cuts.

  the public sector cuts were going to be difficult.

 And it is  something we will have to try and break the store with an see if we  can, the others out.

 130 managers have volunteered to go.

 Staff left  behind face a pay freeze.

 We were not informed as to the full scale  of these job losses until today and the impact this will have on the  morale of the members and also on the service they provide will be  devastating.

 The council says it will try to protect frontline  services as it tries to save £55 million, but so far we know that  some rural bus routes, mobile libraries and adult day centres  face the axe.

 Today we had the headline figures.

 Over the next few  days we will get more details about the impact on individual services.

  This is the latest in a long line of cuts as local-authority is set  their budgets.

 Our political editor, Peter Henley, has been looking at  the bigger picture of where we stand in the south.

 Finally some  hard facts.

 But what services will be affected? That is being debated.

  We have added up the total number of job cuts in the south of England  and it is 4474.

 That does not include Sussex, and there's a lot  of money needing saved.

 But the headline figure does not tell you  what the impact will be greatest.

 For example, in Hampshire, 1200 job  cuts is about 8% of the workforce.

 The Isle of Wight is cutting half  as many jobs as Hampshire, but those 535 posts account for 20% of  the staff there.

 It is more complicated? It is.

 In some areas,  mergers will increase the number of staff in some departments when  councils are working together to make things more efficient.

 We have  not yet heard from the police forces on exactly how many jobs  that will cut, we are talking about thousands in Hampshire and in  Surrey and the Thames Valley.

 If you do keep a public sector job,  you are likely to be worse-off and likely to be working harder.

  Particularly, authorities were they ask people to take a pay cut,  that's happening in Dorset, as he reported.

 This was the reaction.

.

.

  I think the problem we have is that the public's perception is that  they want us to retain the services and we want to do that.

 But we do  not like the Government asking us to share some of the national pain,  we need to show that within the authority as well.

 It is appalling  that staff are being asked to pay for tax evasion, for the excess of  bankers.

 Why is the public sector being hit all the time? These cuts  will hit more widely than the public sector? Yes, think about the  services that councils buy, not just the people who look after  photocopiers or supply tools.

 In Dorchester, half the wages are paid  from the public sector, and that will hit shops and pubs.

 How long  before we see any impact? It's already happening, in Wiltshire 71  managers have gone.

 In Sussex, they are just starting on the  consultation.

 We will see lots of protests, particularly when  services are cut, care homes closing and bus routes being taken  away.

 Tomorrow in Southampton, Health Service cleaners will join  with council workers been protesting and marching through the  city and that would just be the first of many.

 We will talk about  this again in a knot too distant future.

 Thank you very much.

 As  Peter mentioned there, cleaners at Southampton General Hospital will  be joining tomorrow's protest march.

 They've gone on strike for a second  time today.

 The workers walked out for three days last month and claim  they are owed thousands of pounds in backdated pay, but the hospital  says the pay deal doesn't come in until April.

 The strike will last  until midday on Friday.

 A woman has been taken to hospital in  Chichester after her car crashed into the side of a cottage in  Funtington.

 Fire crews had to cut the driver free from her car in  Church Lane.

 She was taken to hospital but her injuries are not  thought to be life-threatening.

 The owners of the cottage were unhurt  but the council is finding temporary accommodation for them  while their home in repaired.

 MPs met prison officers today to  discuss the issues surrounding the riot at Ford Open Prison in West  Sussex.

 They heard first hand from staff who work there.

 40 inmates  went on an alcohol-fuelled rampage burning several buildings after  officers tried to breathalyse them on New Year's Eve.

 Still to come in  this evening's South Today.

 They're all winners for the day.

 A new  project to help youngsters with autism.

 A school in Hampshire has  excluded one of its pupils after just two days because it believes  he's actually a grown man.

 Petersfield School says it believes  Prince Summerfield is not a teenager but a young man in his 20s.

  His mother has shown South Today documentary evidence she says  proves he's her 14 year-old son.

 Chris Coneybeer reports.

 At the  beginning of term last week, Prince Summerfield joined a class at the  Petersfield School in Petersfield as a 14 year-old but after a couple  of days he was sent home because of suspicion about his age.

 In a  letter to his parents, the school's headmaster said he looked much  older than 14.

 That came as a great shock to his parents.

 I read the  letter.

 It said he was not 14, he does not look 14, he looks 24, and  I am not his mother.

 I am trying to be his mother.

 Prince and his  mother come from Mullaly.

 Before he could join her in Britain she was  required by authorities to provide evidence of a DNA test to prove  that he was her son.

 The school asked for no proof.

 I was  devastated.

 I felt it was not fair.

 If they wanted to find any proof  for my son, they should just call me or send me a letter.

 This  afternoon in a statement, the Prince did not want to be filmed  this afternoon.

 He is very upset about what has happened and he's  not sure if he wants to return to school at all.

 A man who carried  out a machete attack in Crawley has told a court he didn't try to kill  anyone.

 Antonio Batsimba is accused of attempting to murder two men  during a fight between two groups in the town last September.

 When  giving evidence today, Batsimba admitted he'd wielded a machete at  a man lying helpless on the ground.

 Mark Sanders reports.

 Antonio  Batsimba explained to police that it was not like he will Cup on the  morning of the fight wanted to murder someone.

 He said that from  his flat in Crawley, he saw his friends involved in a serious fight  with another group of men.

 He went outside and as for the machete in  his hand, he told the jury he took it with him to scare them off, to  stop the fight.

 He insisted it was not his and he thought it was a  memento that had been left in his flat.

 Antonio Batsimba told the  jury that this man went at him first with the metal pole,  something he denies.

 He admitted striking him on the head with his  machete but said he was not tried to kill him.

 Antonio Batsimba also  attacked this man, so dear Sadat, leaving him severely scarred, and  under cross-examination he acknowledged that he was helpless  on the floor and I did not have to fetch him.

 In his evidence, Antonio  Batsimba insisted that he did not lose his temper during the attack.

  He only lost his temper after the fight.

 I was angry and ashamed of  myself, he said.

 After he was arrested for the attack, Antonio  Batsimba said in his police interviews that he felt mortified  about what had happened.

 He denies two charges of attempted murder and  wounding with intent.

 But he has already pleaded guilty to causing  grievous bodily harm to two men.

 The Supreme Court has dismissed  objections to a bus rapid transit system that is under construction  on a disused railway line between Fareham and Gosport.

 It brings to  an end a long campaign by some local residents who argued that the  needs of a colony of bats were not properly taken into account during  the planning process.

 The legal bill for taxpayers runs into  hundreds of thousands of pounds, as our transport correspondent, Paul  Clifton, reports.

 Construction of the bus route has been underway for  months.

 But the legal battle has delayed this controversial scheme  by more than one year.

 The railway line closed in 1969.

 People who  live alongside believe Hampshire County Council did not take  sufficient account of the needs of local wildlife.

 The bats do not  actually live on the route, they commute along it to where they feed.

  Local resident Vivienne were take the case to the High Court, the  Court of Appeal and finally Supreme Court.

 Each ruled that the council  had acted correctly.

 She has declined requests for an interview.

  It is fair to say that a lot of people support the bus route.

 But  many of those whose homes back on to the root opposed it.

 The impact  on us will be boys, vibration, lights at night, and, hopefully,  not too much else.

 Here is what it will look like.

 With all the new  housing that is planned here, a quarter of a million people will  live within a 10 minute walk of the bosses.

 It has held up the project.

  But I understand that we live in the kind of democracy where anyone  can take their chance in court if they have an objection.

  council's legal bill in his over £200,000.

 Mrs mortgage received  legal aid so the taxpayers' bill could be a similar size.

 And after  1.

5 years of legal argument, the scheme itself has not changed at  all.

 The Countess of Wessex, has been in Reading today to open a new  sensory garden and other facilities for young children with special  needs and disabilities.

 The Dingley Centre provides a safe place for  under fives to learn through play and also offers support and advice  to their parents.

 It's been funded, in part, through a grant from the  BBC's Children in Need appeal.

 It was a crime that resulted in the  devastation of a Hampshire beauty spot.

 On New Year's Day hundreds of  fish died after a highly concentrated chemical was poured,  quite deliberately, into the River Wey at Alton.

 But with very little  evidence, the Environment Agency are having to adopt new tactics in  order to find those responsible.

 Ben Moore reports.

 Flowing clear  but the River Wey was far from picturesque when Environment  officers were last year on New Year's Day.

 They were greeted with  a river full of dead fish.

 There was a dead duck, dead frogs, it  wiped out everything in its path.

 The pollution was very toxic.

 Very  concentrated.

 Whatever came in its path, it killed.

 Were than 250 fish  died after a chemical was deliberately put into the stretch  of river between Paper Mill Lane and Neatham Mill.

 Despite repeated  tests, the Environment Agency has not identified exactly what it was  and neither have they any clues as to who did this.

 It is a return to  old fashioned investigation.

 isn't a last resort, it is a  different approach.

 We have not used this approach before and so  far some results have proved inconclusive, which leaves us to  look for other avenues.

 It's believed the chemical was poured  down a drain or into the river itself and that has worried locals.

  It is quite shocking.

 But not entirely surprising.

 These days,  people think they can get away with the sort of acts.

 It does worry me  because they have got a farm with some fish.

 Police and Environment  officers are determined to find the culprit.

 The recent rain might have  washed the chemical away but not the crime.

 Sit back, relax, we're  off to the Caribbean in a moment for the sport! Hampshire are in the  2020 competition and Kevan James will report.

 They hope to reach the  semi-finals, which means they will stay for longer.

 His commentary  will be fairly impartial! Last night's football.

.

.

 Aldershot's new  manager, Dean Holdsworth, got the first win of his tenure in his  first home match last night.

 The Shots secured their first league  win at the Recreation Ground for three months - when skipper Anthony  Charles got the only goal of the game against Bradford before half-  time.

 They're now seven places and seven points above the relegation  zone.

 I'm just pleased that I had the chance to work with these boys  and make a difference.

 If I can.

 And then the fans, hopefully they  have seen some good stuff and they will be excited.

 Bournemouth's  caretaker manager, Lee Bradbury, made a solid start to his time in  charge of the Cherries.

 Their match at Rochdale was dominated by the  goalkeepers.

 Cherries midfielder Anton Robinson brought the best out  of Josh Lilis with that bullet.

 While Shwan Jalal made an  instinctive late block to secure a point for the visitors, which keeps  them fourth in League One.

 Brighton judo player Ben Quilter completed a  hat-trick of successes at the German Open this week.

 The 29 year-  old added gold in the Visually Impaired 60kg category to the  titles he won there in 2006 and last year.

 He was also crowned  World Champion in 2010, suggesting he's hitting his peak nicely in  time to challenge for Paralympic gold in London next year.

 In  sailing, entries for the 2011 Fastnet Race this summer have been  all but filled inside a week.

 Only a handful of places are available  for the iconic event in August.

 Hampshire yachtswoman Dee Caffari  and her co-skipper Anna Corbella are making good progress almost  three weeks into the Barcelona World Race.

 They're lying fifth,  just over 100 miles behind the leaders, with more than 20,000  still to go.

 Lots of time for that to change.

 Cricket next and there's  strong representation from the region in the England cricket squad  for the forthcoming World Cup, which starts on the Indian sub-  continent next month.

 Sussex wicketkeeper Matt Prior has been  rewarded for his role in helping win the Ashes with a call-up to the  England World Cup squad.

 He joins county colleagues Luke Wright and  Michael Yardy, who'll also be in the party travelling to India, Sri  Lanka and Bangladesh.

 Surrey's Kevin Pietersen has also been named  in the 15 man squad.

 But Chris Tremlett will consider himself  unfortunate to miss out.

 Meanwhile, Hampshire play their final group  match in the Caribbean Twenty20 tournament tonight, needing a win  against Trinidad and Tobago to stand a realistic chance of  progressing to the semi finals.

 Kevan James reports from Barbados.

  A win against one of the tournament favourites will not necessarily  guarantee a place in the semi- finals.

 If they win they will have  an agonising wait until Friday, when the final round of Group B  matches are completed.

 How should complete their fixtures tonight.

 We  have had some showers all day and several more are planned for the  afternoon and when Somerset seemingly out of the competition  last night, it is down to Hampshire to keep English interest alive.

  Kevin is here from seven of 5:00pm with his commentary programme and  we will have pictures from the game tomorrow night.

 A pioneering  project aimed at getting youngsters with autism involved in sport was  launched in Hampshire this afternoon.

 The idea is to give them  and their carers the confidence to make sport and leisure activities  part of their everyday lives.

 Some famous sports stars were at the  launch, along with South Today's Steve Humphrey.

 The very nature of  autism makes it a tough challenge for youngsters like Rachel to get  involved in sport.

 People with the disability find it difficult to  understand and relate to other people.

 But the Active Autism  project in Southampton is designed to break down barriers.

 And today,  Rachel was having fun.

 It is a controlled way of getting her to  socialise.

 You can step things up slightly.

 And also, confidence  breeds confidence so she becomes more confident and hopefully that  will lead to self-confidence in other areas.

 Her brothers, Simon  and Ian, have also enjoyed getting involved in sport.

 Even people who  are severely autistic have a chance to show what they can do.

 And just  try to enjoy themselves.

 One man who knows all about the challenges  of overcoming disability to achieve sporting goals in Geoff Holt,  recently crowned Yachtsman of the Year.

 There is no other activity  like this for people with autism.

 To just get out of their existing  surroundings, come and play with other boys and girls.

 It will give  them a huge amount of self- confidence and empowerment.

  project is being run by the Hampshire Autistic Society and  sports charity Active Nation with funding from the city council.

 And  for youngsters like Rachel, it's a sports initiative that's proving to  be a winner.

 Good to see.

 I also saw Francis and Paul Walsh! It's a  good project.

 Now the weather forecast for the next few days.

  Early this morning it was gorgeous! Frost may be a headache but it does  look lovely.

 This is how Peter Lunn started his morning in Bournemouth.

  Another roof, another frosty pattern this morning.

 This one from  Ashley in Fareham.

 They are really getting with it with the patterns!  Canada geese on a frosty morning close to Lymington shore, sent in  by Chris Robinson Tomorrow we continue our look back through the  archives at 50 years of South Today.

 The frost and the fog returns today  but again, more towards the West with clear conditions persisting.

  Cloud encroaching from the East later on so for western parts there  is an early risk of frost overnight and a low risk of icy patches.

 Some  drizzly bets because of the cloud encroaching.

 But the rain isn't an  issue.

 It's the cloud, really.

 By the morning, persistent fog might  linger and temperatures will be rather suppressed.

 The best  sunshine coming down from Oxfordshire down to Dorset and down  to Newport.

 Not great temperatures.

 Northerly wind and so light, it  will not shift the cloud any time soon.

 Into the evening, the cloud  cover increases, we will not see as much frost and fog and for many  parts there will be enough cover to prevent that.

 But perhaps for  northern Oxfordshire, minus two degrees with clear conditions.

 High  pressure we have been talking about, dominating the scene and it stays  put.

 We had this cold front coming from the north-east by the end of  tonight and that increases the cloud.

 By Sunday we have this cold  front introducing colder conditions, perhaps for the North.

 The far  south coach -- south coast not doing badly.

 Western areas hanging  onto the high pressure.

 Friday, Bill conditions, like wind and some  sunny spells.

 Oxfordshire will see the best sunshine through Friday.

  Into the weekend, the cloud will increase, and temperatures dipping  so that Sunday could be quite cold and I can not promise you a lot of  dry weather.

 But it will be cold and the cloud increases as we head  into the weekend.

 And that's you were there! Almost it.

 Tomorrow  night, we continue looking through the archives.

 And we're  concentrating on the subject we like to talk about most.

 The  weather.

 From snow to the hottest summer and high tides to storms in  the south, over the past 50 years, how has the weather affected us  all? In particular, the storm of 1987.

 Alexis Green went to a wind  I don't think that is one to miss!

 Libya in turmoil, reports that the  country's second city could be under the control of the opposition,  thousands are said to be protesting in Tripoli.

 More attacks on  demonstrators, 200 may have been killed in some parts of the country.

  The UK condemns what the Libyan government has been doing and how  they have responded to the protests, and we look to other countries to  do the same.

 In Bahrain, opposition groups  insist their demands are met before holding talks with the monarchy.

  With events moving quickly, we will have the latest.

  In other news, the invitations go out to the royal wedding, but who  has not been invited? And, and FA Cup surprise as Leyton  Orient secured a 1-1 draw against Good evening.

  The Libyan leader Colonel Gadaffi is under unprecedented pressure  with anti-government protesters close to seizing control of their  major city, and the first significant demonstrations in the  capital.

 Unconfirmed reports say a military garrison in Benghazi has  defected to the opposition.

 More than 200 people are feared to have  been killed since protests erupted five days ago, prompting widespread  Turn on Libyan television tonight, and this is what you would have  found.

 Colonel Gadaffi holding court, his supporters belting out  cheers almost manically.

 But on the streets in Libya, a different story.

  Protesters brandishing weapons, including here rocket-propelled  grenades.

 These images probably date from yesterday, in the eastern  city of Benghazi.

 Tonight in Benghazi, considerable confusion.

  Unconfirmed reports of one general having defected to join the  protesters, and troops loyal to Colonel Gaddafi holed up in a  security compound.

 According to this doctor, who we spoke to,  running street battles.

 It was like a real war here.

 Something from  every side, shooting from every side.

 People are running from every  side.

 The ambulances are running from every street.

 It was a  disastrous situation for all of us.

 It is hard to be sure what is going  on, but you get a sense of Governor momentum tonight.

 Reports from  Benghazi that protesters there may be getting the upper hand.

 Another  eyewitness from Al-Bayda told the BBC that demonstrations were  gathering force.

 Further west, reports of clashes between troops  and demonstrators.

 Even in the capital, attempts to keep the  little protests no longer successful.

 The BBC correspondent  there has been talking to us.

 Eyewitnesses have told us that  there are protests in at least four different areas in the capital.

 I  cannot be independently verified it, but this is coming from trusted  sources who have witnessed the events.

 Colonel Gadaffi is  increasingly under pressure from within and without.

 William Hague  called his son to warmth Libya could face international sanctions.

  The United -- United Kingdom condemns what the Libyan government  has been doing and how they have responded to the protests, and we  look to other countries to be the same.

 Another blow for the regime,  the envoy to the Arab League tonight announced he was defecting  to the opposition.

 Colonel Gadaffi may be the Arab world's longest  Roman dictator, but for how much longer?  What is the latest? It is very fast moving.

 It is a bit difficult to  know for certain what the information is that we are getting  it, but it seems there are protests in all of the major cities.

 24  hours ago, we were talking about just the eastern part of the  country, so we have had a major change.

 The signs of people  switching sides, unconfirmed reports of an army commander or  garrison in Benghazi that has been widely reported.

 The Libyan envoy  to the Arab League defecting, it seems.

 Also, the report of a tribal  chief apparently warning to -- that oil exports could be blocked unless  attacks on protesters stop.

 You get the sense, even though the reports  are unconfirmed, that pressure is building on Colonel Gaddafi.

  Colonel Gaddafi, can he survive? you had asked me 24 hours ago, 48  hours ago, I would have said, he has survived 40 years, he is widely,  he can change his spots, and I think he might find a way to hang  on, but now, I am not so sure.

 Analysts have said that if the  protests which Tripoli -- reached Tripoli, his situation could be  challenged, possibly from within his own group of supporters.

 It is  reported that his son is supposed to speak on Libyan television  tonight.

 He has not appeared yet, maybe he will not, given how fast  things are moving, but who knows? In Bahrain, the streets of the  capital have been, after recent unrest, the tensions remain high.

  Opposition groups and anti- government protesters said they  demands must be met before they will enter into talks with the  Pearl Square belongs to this movement for change.

 It is a  protest against centuries of rule by the same privileged elite.

 The  small plot of hallowed land they thought -- what they fought hard to  regain.

 It is a diverse group that gathers here.

 But their strength is  drawn from the junk and dispossessed.

 And hardened by years  of discrimination and the Beast.

 -- abuse.

 We have taken major steps,  coming back here.

 This means a lot to people, it means we will get  there, we are being the more persistent, and hopefully being  united, that is the message we want to get out.

 So far, Pearl Square is  all they have won, and if this is a revolution, it is only just  beginning.

 The royal family says they are meeting the opposition,  but none of the protesters demands have been met.

 The revolution is  coming from Tunis and Egypt and all of the countries.

 My advice to  there is to change their system now, otherwise the population will  change it by force.

 Far away from the square, a memorial for one of  the protesters shot by the police.

 They want the government to resign,  political prisoners released and the deaths investigated.

 Is this  cause worth the loss of your son? Of course, yes.

 Really? Yes, and  not only my son.

 Even four of my sons, even me.

 You would buy for  this cause? Yes, it is nothing if I die, to make a good life for the  people.

 They need a good life.

 movement has achieved concessions  that would have been unthinkable a week ago.

 The King has gone on  television and said there will be a dialogue, and the police and army  have effectively be driven off the streets.

 But the chant is that  their blood will not have gone in vain, and for them, this is just  the start.

 The clamour for change is deafening.

 Across this region,  people are now risking everything for a better life.

 There is no  guarantee of work this ends, but make no mistake, the old order will  not go quietly.

 Here, the Chancellor is being urged  to rethink his policy on making public sector workers' pay more  towards their pensions.

 The Conservative chair of the Local  Government Association has written to George Osborne, warning that  increasing employee pension contributions could result in many  staff opting out, threatening the future of the local government  pension scheme.

 On the march in Liverpool, hundreds  turning out today to protest against council job losses and cuts  to local services.

 As ministers wrestle with the country's budget  deficit, some public sector workers were also bracing themselves for an  increase in the amount they pay into their pensions.

 Unions say  many cannot afford it.

 We asked our members how they would react if  their pension contributions jumped up by 3%.

 Between 30 and 40% of  them said they could not afford to pay that.

 They would opt out of  their pension scheme in local government and become deferred  pensioners.

 Now, in a letter to the Chancellor, the most senior  Conservative in local government has issued a similar warning.

 Lady  Eaton said that pension changes would result in a serious and  detrimental impact on the scheme's feature sustainability and  viability.

 Experts say action is needed, because the cost of public  sector pensions has been underestimated.

 What I think is  difficult, and it is not an easy judgment, is to try to pretend that  we can keep on supplementing the with taxpayer funds reasonably  generous pensions, which taxpayers themselves have not got, and cannot  afford, for one group in the workforce.

 The Government is  awaiting the outcome of a report by the former Labour minister Lord  Hutton.

 He is expected to recommend that many final-salary pension  schemes are replaced.

 Treasury ministers are determined to protect  the lowest paid public sector workers, they say.

 Many others will  be expected to contribute a lot more.

  David and Victoria Beckham are among those who are being invited  to the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton.

 Nearly 2000  invitations have been sent to guests.

  Gilt edged, and under the Queen's initials, it is the most sought-  after invitation around, to the wedding of Prince William and  Catherine Middleton.

 1900 of them have been packed up and posted.

 Who  is going to find one of these envelopes dropping through their  letterbox? According to Sir James's Palace, the vast majority, more  than 1000, have gone to friends of the couple and two Kate Middleton's  family.

 More than 50 have been sent to members of the royal family, 40  to members of foreign royal families, 200 to government  ministers, MPs and diplomats, 62 leaders of Commonwealth countries,  82 representatives of Prince William's charities, and 34 members  of the armed services, including some injured in Iraq and  Afghanistan.

 There is no invitation for the Duchess of York, her  presence would clearly have been too much for some senior members of  the Royal Family.

 David Beckham has been invited, with his wife.

 Prince  William got to know the former England football captain when they  worked on a failed attempt to host the 2018 World Cup.

 Despite  speculation, Barack Obama was never going to be invited.

 The wedding is  not a full state occasion, and that the only foreign leaders being  invited are from the Commonwealth War foreign royals.

 Barack Obama is  coming on a visit after the wedding.

 Like any couple, planning their big  day, they have worked hard on the guest-list.

 Some will be mortified  to have been left off the list.

 But for the lucky 2000, there will be  wedding outfits to choose, but no gifts.

 The preferred gesture is a  donation to one of William's charities.

  Now, the sports news.

 After Crawley's valiant performance  yesterday, Notts County could not produce an upset in the FA Cup.

  They were beaten 5-0 by Manchester City.

 There was a surprise in store  for Arsenal, courtesy of Leyton Orient.

  Barcelona could not a bit this week, but this lot certainly could.

 The  best team in the world had failed, but the best team in Leyton  succeeded.

 They held Arsenal to a draw before holding a right old  party.

 In theory, there were 53 league places between them.

 In  practice, they were inseparable.

 Leyton Orient pose problems,  Arsenal were fluffing their lines.

 It was goalless at the break, but  afterwards Arsenal struck.

 Tomas Rosicky with a header, and the  dream seems to be fading.

 Leyton Orient hung in there, and with two  minutes left, their saviour arrived.

 Jonathan Tehoue we prompting the  pandemonium.

 For the fans Committee for rear, for Barry Hearn, a money-  spinning replay.

 Not so good for Notts County.

 No amount of baking  foil could inspire them! Had called Hawley's early shot been just an  inch or two to the left, things might have been different.

 That  early promise and revolt in a flash.

 Patrick Vieira scored before the  break, and again afterwards.

 It was game over.

 Notts County kept on  pressing it, but they imploded in the last 10 minutes.

 Carlos Tevez  with a clinical furred, before setting up Edin Dzeko.

 Just to rub  it in, Micah Richards smashed home a fifth.

 It was cruel on Notts  County.

 Manchester City's quest for a trophy is gathering steam.

  Bolton or through to the quarter- finals after their win over Fulham.

  Ivan Klasnic scored.

 They will face Birmingham in the last eight.

 The  pick of the quarter-finals could see Arsenal or Leyton Orient  travelling to Manchester United.

 You can see highlights Arthur Roy  Hodgson's first match in charge of West Brom and much of the day to do  tonight.

 Carlos Vela got him a share of the points.

 He equalised  in injury time against Wolverhampton to move one point  clear of the relegation zone.

 Viewers in Scotland will seek  Sportscene after this programme, with highlights of Celtic against  Rangers, so if you do not know -- you do not want to know what will  happen, look away.

 Gary Hooper scored twice, and Celtic took a big  step towards the SPL title after an emphatic 3-0 win.

 Neil Lennon's  side now have an eight-point lead in the championship race.

  He Bennion beat St Mirren in the other game.

 Francis Dickoh scored  with three minutes left to play.

 -- Hibernian.

  Great Britain won gold in the men's team pursuit in the track World Cup.

  Bradley Wiggins returned to the event for the first time since  winning the title at the Beijing Olympics, alongside Geraint Thomas,  Ed Clancy and Steven Burke.

 They finished in the fifth fastest time  ever.

 Their thoughts turned to what they could achieve at the London  Olympics.

 We are the world record holders,  the Olympic champions, and when we get ourselves together, we want to  not only won the gold medal but put the world record out of sight.

 If  anybody wants to try and get close to us, as the Australians are, that  pushes us.

 Mahela Jayawardene hit the fourth  fastest century in World Cup history as Sri Lanka beat Canada.

  His 100 showed why Sri Lanka or one of the favourites.

 They scored a  huge total, 332-7.

 Canada were all out for 122, losing by two had and  10 runs.

 Highlights of that game and New Zealand's went over Kenya  on BBC Two at 12 life 5:00am.



 Helbawy, thank you for coming on  After nearly two weeks of protests, talks begin between the Egyptian  government and opposition parties.

 As thousands of demonstrators turn  out again in Cairo, the government offers new concessions.

  Labour claims 10,000 police will go in the next two years because of  budget cuts.

 The Police Federation says the figures are alarming.

  That would represent every police officer in Wales being lost and a  medium-sized force in England as well.

  These are massive cuts.

 A murder inquiry has been launched  after a pregnant teenager dies in a house fire.

  Celtic come back to force Rangers to a replay in the Scottish Cup.

  Good evening.

 After nearly two weeks of mass protests in Egypt,  the government has held talks with opposition groups.

 The Vice-  President, Omar Suleiman, met representatives of a number of  parties, including the banned Muslim Brotherhood.

 He offered to  set up a committee to look at changing the constitution.

  Opposition figures have called for the immediate lifting of the  national state of emergency.

 They were dancing in Tahrir Square  this morning after nearly two weeks.

 The movement to oust President  Mubarak is battered but unbowed.

 The Egyptian government keeps  telling these people it is time to go home, that their demands have  been met.

 But few here believe President Mubarak, or the promises  of the last few days.

 They are doing superficial changes, changing  some faces, and they are trying to convince the people they are doing  the changes.

 There is no change.

 If the root causes of the corruption  is not changed from its root, nothing will happen.

 In Cairo,  there is now a feeling that the peak of the demonstrations may have  passed.

 You can see there are still thousands and thousands of  protesters here this morning lining up, waiting to go through checks to  get back on to the Square.

 If you come round here, the scene in the  last 24 hours has changed dramatically.

 Yesterday, this  bridge was still closed down, today for the first time in nearly two  weeks it's filled again with traffic.

 Elsewhere in the city, the  first real signs that life is returning to some sort of normality.

  For the first time in a week, people have been able to get money  from their bank accounts.

 Millions of Egyptians need to get back to  work.

 The economy has been losing an estimated $300 million a day,  but after the massive demonstrations and the bloodshed of  last week, the government would be unwise to conclude that the  uprising is over.

 Let's go live to Cairo and join Ian  Pannell.

 Ian, some talks today.

 How significant do you think they are?  Well, I think at this moment, they are tentative.

 They are potentially  significant.

 But not so far.

 There are some important people being  represented in the room but there is a vast gulf between their  positions, essentially the protesters and those represented in  the room are still insisting that President Mubarak must go before  there is any end to the protest in Tahrir Square.

 Interestingly, they  are discussing about some of the details, the protesters want the  end to the emergency law which has allowed detention without trial and  all sorts of punitive measures in the country over the last 30 years.

  They are starting to look at some of the details.

 This is just day  one and the protest continues.

 were out with those protesters in  Tahrir Square today.

 What did you make of their mood, their  determination, what did they say to you? Well, each day this begins,  the crowd looks fairly small and it was a pretty rainy, cold night last  night and one starts to think that perhaps it is losing some form of  momentum.

 By 1.

00 in the afternoon, the Square was jam packed.

 There  was a Christian mass held there today which was a pretty  astonishing spectacle to try and show unity between Christians and  Muslims.

 People are adamant that they won't leave the Square, they  have invested too much time, they have been beaten, bloodied, but  they haven't been bowed.

 Here are some other considerations.

 If they  give up the protest, they know that there is a significant risk that  there will be a backlash by the feared security forces and so, this  is really a high-risk gamble.

 They can't afford to give up now.

 So far,  it doesn't seem to be losing momentum.

 Thank you for now.

  More than 10,000 police officer posts will go by the end of next  year in England and Wales according to research carried out by the  Labour Party.

 The Shadow Home Secretary says the figures are  shocking.

 The Government says Labour would also cut spending on  the police and that it is not the size of the force that matters, but  how officers are deployed.

 Open up the door! Police!  Protecting the frontline in the fight against crime is not just  reassuring for the public, it is vital for the politicians in charge.

  The Government has stood by its claim that cuts in police budgets  of 20% by 2015 would not mean a cut in the visibility of officers out  on the streets.

 Figures obtained by the Labour Party paint a different  picture.

 In March last year, there were nearly 144,000 police officers  in England and Wales.

 The police budget is shrinking by 4% this year  and 5% next.

 Adding up announcements by individual forces,  Labour says more than 10,000 officers will go by 2013.

  Government said they would protect frontline policing.

 It's been clear  from all the experts, from the police forces, they cannot protect  frontline policing if they are faced with this scale of 20% cuts.

  The Government has urged caution about Labour's figures without  directly denying them.

 Instead, Ministers are focusing their fire  on Labour's line that they would have been able to avoid similar  reductions.

 What we are saying is that it is totally dishonest of  Labour to present these figures when they are the ones that left  the country with a deficit and they would cut policing too.

 We know  savings can be made in the back office so that the frontline can be  prioritised and we are determined to cut the red tape releasing  officers for frontline duties so that the police can be crime  fighters not form writers.

 Efficiency savings in backroom  staff and sharing resources across police forces will absorb some of  the cuts.

 It was after all the police inspectorate, the HMIC, that  said forces could save as much as 12% without damaging the service  they provide.

 But the Police Federation has warned that Labour's  figures of 10,000 fewer officers by 2013 will have a dramatic impact.

  The 10,000 officers that are going to go - that would represent every  police officer in Wales being lost and a medium-sized force in England  as well.

 Even the police haven't been spared significant budget cuts  over the next four years.

 But the Government argues effective  policing is not about overall numbers of officers.

 The real test  will be whether there is any impact on future levels of crime.

  A soldier who was killed on Friday in Afghanistan has been named by  the Ministry of Defence.

 He was Ranger David Dazziel.

  A murder investigation has been launched after a pregnant woman  died in a house fire in South Wales.

 The body of 19-year-old Nikitta  Grender, who was eight months pregnant, was found in a flat in  Newport yesterday.

 Nikitta Grender had been excited  about the prospect of becoming a mother.

 And was due to give birth  in two weeks' time.

 But yesterday morning her body was found in the  bedroom of her burning flat.

 She had been stabbed to death.

 The 19-  year-old was discovered by firefighters who broke into the  property to tackle the blaze.

 It was initially assumed she had died  as a result of the fire, but following a postmortem examination  a murder inquiry is now under way.

 It's turned a tragedy into a  catastrophe, and it will affect and upset the entire neighbourhood.

 You  have a young girl here, about to become a mum, and then to lose a  life in such tragic circumstances is really unthinkable.

 More than 50  officers are involved in the investigation.

 And the flat and the  surrounding area have been cordoned off.

 Detectives say Nikitta Grender  visited a McDonald's restaurant with friends on Friday evening and  are trying to establish the exact time she returned home.

 Neighbours  have been laying flowers in memory of the pregnant woman and her  unborn child.

 The body of a 58-year-old man has  been recovered from floodwater in Denbighshire.

 Emergency services  were called to reports of a submerged vehicle near Llandrillo  this morning.

 Several people had to be help from -- helped from their  properties near Welshpool.

 Australia is tackling extensive  wildfires on its west coast not long after other parts of the  country had been hit by severe flooding and a cyclone.

  Firefighters are trying to contain the fires near Australia's fourth  biggest city, Perth.

 It's the roar of wind and fire this  time, not flooding and this time it's on the fringes of Western  Australia.

 In the affected areas, people were told to leave their  homes immediately if they could, but if it wasn't too late and it  was safe, dig in.

 Up till now, this wildfire has scorched about 2,000  acres of forest according to the Fire Service.

 From one extreme to  the other, on the opposite side of Australia in the state of Victoria  the floods keep going.

 It started raining and it just kept coming and  it came in through the air- conditioning.

 Cyclone Yasi brings  more thunderstorms and heavy rain.

 Melbourne has had half its yearly  rainfall in just one day.

 The Australian government has promised  each flood victim just over £600 in aid.

 February is the end of summer  in Australia, but will it be the end of these recent and traumatic  natural disasters? Cricket's governing body has  promised a "zero tolerance" approach to corruption a day after  giving lengthy bans to three Pakistani players.

 Salman Butt,  Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir were each suspended for at least  five years after being found guilty of spot-fixing in a match against  England.

 He had been Pakistan's great hope,  but now banned from the game for five years, Mohammad Amir's career  is in the balance.

 Today, the teenage bowler told the BBC of his  devastation at yesterday's decision.

 TRANSLATION: Cricket is very  important for my life, in fact it is the most important thing in my  life.

 My entire family depends on me and of course I depend upon  cricket.

 The entire thing will be the entire team will be upset by  this decision.

 I never lose hope.

 I have never done that in my life.

 I  will do everything in my power to make a comeback.

 He could be back  even sooner, if he wins an appeal against a judgment which has become  so important for cricket.

 Doha isn't a city traditionally  associated with the game of cricket but the sport's rulers hope the  decisions taken here this weekend will prove a turning point in the  battle against corruption.

 And today, the head of world cricket  said its tough action in banning the three players should give fans  confidence.

 Fans believe in those isolated instances that we pick up  corruption that we actually deal with it, we send out a clear  message and that they are comfortable that we are serious  about protecting the integrity of the sport.

 But not everyone in the  game believes the tribunal were tough enough.

 I thought this was a  one chance that the ICC had of maybe banning for life.

 It's a  harsh treatment.

 I think that is the thunderbolt that the game needs.

  This has been a dark episode for Pakistan cricket.

 But the ICC hopes  it has sent a message which will help protect its next generation of  cricketers.

 Now we will take a look at the rest  of the day's sport.

 Hi.

 Good afternoon.

 Chelsea against  Liverpool is always a pretty big fixture on the football calendar.

  This afternoon it is bigger than normal.

 Fernando Torres, the most  expensive footballer in British history, has made his debut for  Chelsea against the club he left a week ago.

 Joe Wilson is at Stamford  Bridge.

 Quite a story unfolding here.

  Certainly not the one the Chelsea fans would have imagined when they  turned up to watch this afternoon.

 Many of them wearing their new  Fernando Torres shirts because with less than five minutes to go, it is  Liverpool who are winning this match.

 Chelsea gave Torres an  opportunity to shine, he started the game and he had opportunities  in the first half.

 This one after 90 seconds.

 Now, Gerrard was  influential for Liverpool.

 They came here well organised.

 A great  chance for Maxi Rodriguez in the first half.

 Somehow he managed not  to score! 68 minutes gone, a break from Gerrard down the right, a ball  into the box, Kuyt causing problems and Liverpool were 1-0 up.

 Fernando  Torres was watching at that time, he lasted 65 minutes before he was  replaced.

 After 43 minutes of this match, I heard one Chelsea fan say,  "I wonder if Fernando Torres is worth the money.

" He will get  plenty of opportunitys of course to prove that he is.

 After that goal,  leaving Liverpool still 1-0 up, today has not turned out to be that  dream debut for Fernando Torres.

 Thanks, Joe.

  Now it's been an interesting day at the bottom of the table.

 West Ham  prop up the rest this evening after a 1-0 defeat to Birmingham.

 It's a  result that moves the Blues out of the relegation zone into 16th.

 The  team in 17th, West Brom, are looking for a new manager.

 They  have sacked Roberto Di Matteo after his side lost 13 of their last 18  games including yesterday's match against Manchester City.

 The  Italian has said he is surprised and disappointed by the decision.

  The club want to give themselves the best possible chance of staying  in the Premier League.

 Rangers and Celtic face a Scottish  Cup Fifth Round replay after a 2-2 draw.

 Celtic came from behind twice  in a game that saw both sides end with ten men.

  A first Scottish Cup meeting at Ibrox for the big two for 47 years  - it was worth the wait.

 Jamie Ness thumped Rangers ahead two minutes  in.

 That is sensational! minutes later, the lead almost  doubled, Steven Davis against the bar.

 Celtic were competing, Kris  Commons, who turned down Rangers to join Celtic last month, showed what  they had missed.

 Steven Naismith was then sent flying by Fraser  Forster, the card was red, Steven Whittaker's penalty, nerveless.

  Rangers a goal up, Celtic a man down.

 After the break, Celtic  reshuffled their pack.

 Their bravery rewarded.

 Scott Brown with  a stunning curler - 2-2.

 Either side could have stolen it.

 Davis  within inches for Rangers.

 Georgios Samaras denied by Allan McGregor.

  So they will have to replay and if it is anything like this, it will  be well worth a watch.

 The winners of that one will play  Inverness for a place in the semifinals.

 Aberdeen made it  through at the first time of asking.

 They needed an injury-time own goal  to book their place in the quarterfinals against St Mirren.

  Robert Kubica looks unlikely to be fit for the start of the Formula  One season after suffering serious injuries in a crash in Italy.

 The  Polish driver was competing in a rally and is undergoing major  surgery to his right hand and fractures to his arm and leg.

 The  first race of the F1 season takes

 More at 8pm and 10pm.

 Good night,  Good evening and welcome to Points West.

 Our headlines tonight are led  by the murder of Jo Yeates: As fears grow that the trail maybe  getting cold - her parents issue another appeal for help.

  Last you weeks have been a nightmare.

 -- the last few weeks.

  Also tonight: No room at the inn - compensation for the gay couple  turned away from a "Christian" hotel.

  The death of a brilliant children's author - dozens turn out for a  memorial of Dick King Smith.

 I will find out why this pub in Somerset  The BBC Crimewatch cameras of filming in Bristol tonight as  police at 10 to the programme in their hunt for Gabrielle Giffords'  killer.

 Her parents issued a direct appeal -- Joanna Yeates's killer.

  Jo was a popular young woman whose death continued to have a huge  effect on so many people.

 There is no doubt that Jo was much loved.

  Friends, family, colleagues, all have paid heartfelt tributes in  An outgoing, energetic girl who became a young woman who loved  sport and excelled as a student, a promising career as a landscape  architect lay ahead.

 She was brought up here in Hampshire  village of Ampfield where her parents David and Teresa still live  and where the community is following developments.

 I hope the  police can find some Leeds pretty soon so they can get this sorted  out for the parents' sake.

 -- leads.

 There will not find any peace until  they know what happened.

 Until a friend who the person is  responsible, it will be hell for them.

 -- until they find out.

  school Jo began her landscape design studies at college in Essex  and most recently at the University of Gloucestershire.

 Her family have  described to graduation last November as the high point in her  life, and moment her life was perfect they say.

 That all ended  the week before Christmas when Jo was murdered, her body dumped in a  country lane.

 It is hoped her parents' direct appeal will provide  a breakthrough.

 For over four weeks there has been extensive media  coverage of the Jo's disappearance and murder.

 The last few weeks have  included an extensive period.

 Many people will have been socialising,  spending extra time with family and friends.

 Nearly the whole country  has been moved by the tragic events surrounding Jo's murder.

 Many of us  are armchair detectives, but this activity triggers anything -- if  this triggers anything, please come forward.

 You can see the full  statement on our website.

 Already today detectives say the appeal has  prompted people to contact them.

 As the Crimewatch cameras roll, the  hunt for her killer goes on, left behind are many memories and  legacies, not least the work she had been doing on the design of the  new super hospital at Southmead in Bristol.

 As her brother's partner  Alla Ritch said, Joe was and remains a perfect a beacon of light.

  It is worth emphasising you can watch that full statement on the  BBC website.

 They start off in an interesting way.

 These are their  own words that they spoke to us, saying they feel they are part of  the police investigation, the same as the police officers working on  the hunt for the killer.

 The difference is they can make the  added information, they eat no Jo Harten -- they know Jo, they know  what she would do.

 Also, they say it was the conclusion of the  statement, an indication they believe her murderer may be close  at hand, still perhaps within the City of Bristol.

 They say Jo was  probably acquainted with her killer.

 Crimewatch filming tonight.

 This is  Jo's flat, Canynge Road in Clifton, the area where much of the filming  will be taking place.

 The aim is to reconstruct her last movements.

 It  provides them with a valuable opportunity to reach out to the  nation's homes.

 The film will show the area of Lifton, those last  movements on December 17th, and Longwood Lane, that area is three  miles away towards Long Ashton the other side of the Avon gorge where  her body was found.

 That goes out next Wednesday night, 26th January,  9:00pm on BBC One.

 We hope it makes a difference.

 Another local story  making the national news.

 A gay couple from Bristol have won  their court case against hotel owners who refused to let them stay  in a double room.

 Steve Preddy and Martyn Hall sued the hotel in  Cornwall under anti-discrimination legislation.

 This morning a judge  decided in their favour, ruling the hoteliers had acted unlawfully.

  Their hotel's policy was based on the owners' Christian beliefs.

  are trying to live and work in accordance with our Christian faith.

  As a result we have been sued and find £3,600 but many Christians  have given us gifts so thanks to them we will be able to pay the  fine.

 It is not just at the likelihood, it is our home.

 We  don't expect everybody to have agreed with our beliefs but we do  want the freedom to be able to live by our own values, and our own roof.

  Joining me are the couple who successfully sued the hotel.

 Why  did you feel so strongly about this they you decided to take legal  action? Initially we tried to resolve it informally with the  hotel.

 They were not prepared to back down on a policy even when we  explain the legal situation, and the reason we wanted to do get this  far is that other couples might find themselves in the same  situation.

 These laws exist for a purpose.

 They need to be used.

  people say they suspect it was a stitch-up, because their website  made it very clear they only accepted married couples say you  went there hoping for a reaction, hoping to be able to make a legal  action.

 We went away hoping for a good weekend.

 We booked the hotel,  spoke to the owner, to credit card details, took a booking and we were  surprised when we got there we were not allowed to stay.

 There are  millions of bed-and-breakfast properties he would have welcomed  you with open arms.

 We have stayed in a lot of them.

 We go off  travelling.

 We have never had a problem.

 Do you accept what she  said in that clip, she knows not everybody will except her beliefs,  but at least put people respect him? We do respect her beliefs, but  what the judge has said is when she opened a business she has to abide  by certain standards, fire regulation laws, race  discrimination laws, nobody would just -- justify not allowing black  people to stay in a hotel.

 She has got those beliefs but when running  the business she cannot discriminate.

 It may go to appeal.

  You would fight the appeal, obviously.

 Yes, of we have do.

 We  are hoping not to.

 Thank you for coming in and talking about it  tonight.

 It is David Garmston and Alex  Lovell with you this evening.

 Thank you for joining us.

  The film helping prevent the radicalisation of young Muslims in  the West.

 And goalie David James speaks out  against the government cutbacks in school sport.

  First, the largest increase in fuel prices for 14 years is beginning to  take its toll on Paul Great Ouse is in the West.

 Prices of £1.

30 per  litre are not uncommon.

 How much of that price is tax? To answer that  we went back to school and we asked a science class to work it all out.

  First of all, there is the petrol itself.

 A small market for the  retailers.

 That only makes around one third of the price you paid,  roughly 36%.

 On top of that there is the duty.

 58.

9 5p per litre,  half of the price in duty alone.

 Then, since January 5th, VAT has  gone up so you about on top to make the price you pay at the pumps.

  More than 60% of it is some form of tax.

 That price rise is affecting  homes, businesses, charities across the West.

 An urgent delivery to  Southmead Hospital, carried by a motorcycle, paid for by charity.

  The blood by its cover 110,000 miles per year -- blood banks.

  Already they had a high fuel bill.

 Some riders now pay for fuel out of  their own pockets.

 If we have got a local run to do inside Taunton or  Bristol we will use a local writer who is off duty and ask them to use  their own vehicle to do a two-mile run instead of taking a bike 30  miles across country.

 We are depending on people's charity, our  own members charity committed do things out of the goodness of their  own heart.

 Motorists favour the cheaper supermarket pumps.

 At the  end of the day you go where is cheaper, looking after number one.

  But that has left the smaller independent garages struggling.

  They want the government to step in and get the prices down.

 The duty  escalator they have inherited from the Labour government is due again  on the 1st April.

 That will add another 5p.

 We have written to  George Osborne and said this is too much.

 You have to cancel the next  duty escalator.

 Despite that it seems unlikely the government or  use a fuel stabiliser.

 David Yeates works for one of Europe's largest  car leasing firms and says higher fuel prices have led to corporate  marriage dropping 20% over five years and there has been a surge  were driving performance is recorded in car.

 It analyses where  the vehicles go, how they have been driven, where there are incidents  of harsh acceleration, erratic driving, which can have a major  impact on fuel costs.

 Perhaps it is time to give up our addiction to  petrol altogether.

 Expect to hear more about electric cars.

 This  plugs in just like that.

 There will be a Nissan, Peugeot, and Citroen  all by the end of the summer.

 They will cost about £23,000.

 One charge  overnight will cost you nothing more than £1.

 You get a range of 90  miles around town, a £10 with petrol.

 There are no tears, and it  makes no noise.

 -- ears.

 -- gears.

 We've had some e-mails from you.

  Peter says, "it doesn't really matter how much the cost of fuel is,  people will always buy it even if it were £10 a gallon.

 If people  stopped using so much fuel the price would soon go down.

" How much  does it cost the retailer, are they not ripping us off as much as the  government? Steve said it is important to  country people.

 The Somerset MP and Foreign Office  minister Jeremy Brown is to meet government officials from Trinidad  and Tobago to press for compensation for a couple attacked  in her holiday home.

 Peter and Murium Green, from Wellington,  suffered horrific injuries when they were attacked with a machete  in Tobago.

 A man has been charged with attempted murder.

 But the  Greens have been battling for compensation since the attack in  2009.

 Police are continuing to  investigate a company director from Somerset who sold so-called bomb  detectors to 20 countries including Iraq.

 Jim McCormick, on the right  of this picture, of Wincanton based ATSC Ltd, was arrested last year on  suspicion of fraud by misrepresentation after a BBC  investigation found that his hand- held devices couldn't possibly work.

  He has been rebailed by police until July, while inquiries  continue.

 The Yeovil based company Augusta  Westland has won a £570 million contract from the Ministry of  Defence.

 The contract for the next five years is to support and  maintain a fleet of 70 Westland- based Merlin helicopters, operated  by the RAF and Royal Navy.

 Today Yeovil's MP David Laws welcomed the  order, saying it would safeguard up to 1,000 jobs, most of them in  Somerset.

 The case of Andrew Ibrahim, the  young man convicted of planning a terrorist bomb attack on Bristol in  2009, shocked the West.

 Now a new film about his radicalisation has  been made by the police.

 They hope it will help communities identify  people who may be at risk and stop them falling into extremism.

  This is the film called Conviction.

 20 minutes long, it is an account  of how Andrew Ibrahim, a young Muslim from Bristol, became sucked  into a world of extremism.

 Arrested in Westbury-on-Trym in 2008, he had  been planning mass murder, making a suicide vest and experimenting with  explosives inside his flat.

 Convicted in 2009, he is now  serving a long prison sentence.

 Since then police have been working  with the community to find ways of identifying and helping similar  individuals before it is too late.

 Al-Qaeda are targeting our  community and what came about from watching this film was that we have  to recognise their rock vulnerabilities within our  community and work together as a community to protect those that  they beat for honourable.

 If the community see this film, and  identify opportunities where intervention can be made, and talk  to somebody and try and intervene at an early stage, and prevent  somebody following the same path as Andrew followed.

 Ibrahim was caught  after the alarm was raised by members of the Muslim community.

  They are keen to stress there is help for those in need.

 What it  showed me was that a very honourable young man unfortunately  went to the wrong place for information and it ended up with  dire quinces.

 -- a vulnerable young man.

 -- dire consequences.

 Islam  does not condone the slaughter of innocent people.

  Conviction is being shown to school and community groups here and right  across the country, in the ongoing battle to tackle home-grown  extremism.

 There was a thrill for a group of Bristol school children  today, with Bristol City and England goalkeeper David James  dropping in to do some coaching.

 But there was also a serious  message from the 40-year-old, who has been critical of the  government's decision to cut funding for sport in schools.

  are 12 today.

 You have won the opportunity to put that on the ball.

  There's no let up in football banter, even to a 12-year-old.

  David James spent an hour coaching the pupils at Ashton Park School in  Bristol.

 But there was a serious side to his visit, James has been  highly critical of the governments cuts in schools sport funding which  he believes will see fewer children playing sport a young age.

 I am not  expecting the government to put money into school sports to make  the next Wayne Rooney.

 It is not a bad back.

 It is about having  healthier people.

 Half the adults.

 -- it is not about that.

 A  healthier mentality towards living.

 -- it is about healthier adults.

  Ashton Park is one of the schools likely to be affected.

 It  specialises in sport and the promised cuts have already meant  they've let two members of staff go.

 That is eight years of experience  built up which is easily lost.

 We are fighting desperately to keep  some key central staff who will work not just for the good of the  school, but all the schools in the locality.

 It is not just about  swinging your arm Dogger prop --.

.

.

 Today though was a day for Ashton  Park's pupils to remember.

 I cannot believe it, especially his height,  he is massive.

 It is another thing working alongside him.

 I thought  you were home with her hair.

 I get that a lot! Maybe the next David  James was on the training pitch.

 Some already have a head start.

  Staying with football, and Swindon striker Charlie Austin has asked to  leave the club.

 The 21-year-old has scored 17 goals this season and has  been subject to a bid from Championship club Hull City.

 That  offer was turned down, and Austin has now handed in a written  transfer request.

 Bristol Rovers have another midweek  fixture tonight when they play Hartlepool at the Memorial Stadium.

  Manager Dave Penney is looking for a his first win since taking over  last week.

 His side were beaten 4-0 by Carlisle at the weekend.

 They're  a mark of excellence and the most respected of restaurant rating  systems, being awarded a Michelin star is a badge of honour among  chefs and a marketing dream for restaurant owners.

 There are only  122 Michelin starred restaurants in the whole of the UK and Ireland but  today a small pub in the Somerset village of Chew Magna has become  one of them.

 Good evening.

 He joined me in the  kitchen of the pony and trap pub in Chew Magna.

 It is a family-run pub  and it is one of only 10 in the country to have earned itself a  official and staff.

 Let's talk to the man who has made it famous for  its food.

 When did you find out about the star? We found out this  morning at 1145 am when they did their press release on the website.

  What was direction? Aftershock, and apparently I went quite white.

 --  what was the reaction.

 -- utter shock.

 Had you get to be a  Michelin-starred chef? There are inspections, they announced  themselves, take your details, and after that you get another  anonymous inspections so nobody knows what the criteria are.

 It is  all a bit cloak and dagger.

 The thing that is what makes it so  interesting.

 We will let you carry on.

 It is a family-run pub.

 Let's  talk to Josh's sisterhood as front of house.

 It is current between my  parents and Josh and we all have our roles.

 My mother looks after  the administration, along with Josh's girlfriend and my dad looks  after the graphics, advertising.

 My brother is behind the bar when he  is available.

 We all have our roles and do as best as we can.

 From  scratch to a Michelin star in five years is a remarkable achievement.

  What have we got here? Locally shot pheasant, leg, passer Rattan, pear  chutney and braised red cabbage.

 -- parsnip gratin.

  It would have been rude to ask her to bring back a packet of pork  scratchings.

 Relatives and well-wishers filled  the church of Bitton today in South Gloucestershire to remember the  life of Dick King-Smith OBE, who died earlier this month at the age  of 88.

 The author was best known for his book The Sheep Pig, which  became the Hollywood film Babe.

 Andrew Plant reports.

  Born here in Bitton in 1922, as Ronald Gordon King-Smith, but known  to all who knew him as Dick.

 Today dozens arrived here to remember not  just a world-famous author, but a good neighbour, an inspiring  teacher, and a loving grandfather of 14.

 He didn't start writing  until he was well over 50.

 Having tried a few other things, he never  made any pretence about it, he just got along.

 Somehow this gift  appeared and that was it.

 He was always so gracious and kind.

 He  told me his favourite animal was the pig.

 Animals fired his  imagination.

 A farmer for 20 years, The Sheep Pig written in 1983  became a Hollywood blockbuster, Babe.

 A film that captured the  hearts of millions around the world.

 78 he started teaching.

 That is  when he came to Farnborough school.

 A fairly interesting life.

 Really  interesting.

 He taught all our children.

 I have read this book.

 At  Farnborough school today Dick King- Smith is as famous for his teaching  here as he is for his books.

 After retirement he would still come back  and read to the pupils, even the youngest here remember him.

  taught in several classes, he was so very much a part of us right  until the end.

 He was awarded an OBE for his services to a  children's literature.

 By the time of his death on January 4th he had  written more than 100 books and inspired millions of young  imaginations.

 John wants to know why diesel is more expensive than  petrol, and another note to say Alex looks fabulous tonight.

 I am  beginning to feel left out.

 Rigid, we do e-mail David? -- Richard, it  I went across the car park before I came in and it was a nearly full  moon.

 The temperatures are beginning to fall.

 The temperatures  starting to fall and fall sharply.

 Tomorrow, hopefully we should see  temperatures rise.

 They will turn out to be a fairly bright day.

 High  pressure is dominating the weather.

 It is moving slowly.

 As it moves in  you have got the problem of fog and frost at this time of the year.

 For  this evening, fine, clear, beautiful evening out there.

 During  the course of the night it will turn pretty cold.

 Fog will also  form.

 As you get in land the Well worth popping along to that.

  Generally tomorrow you have got to watch out for the fog.

 Most of it  should have gone by 11am.

 Temperatures not great.

 Looking at  up to six degrees.

 Fairly pleasant in the sunshine.

 Paget had will  begin to fall.

 There will begin to complicate things -- patchy cloud  will begin to form.

 It should be dry three to the weekend.

 --  through to the weekend.

 Just before we go a quick plea for  your help.

 Do you fancy telling us what you think about the BBC,  everything from our telly programmes to our online services?  If so why not think about joining

 The bombing of Libya begins.

  Britain and America launch more than a hundred Cruise missiles  against Colonel Gaddafi's air defences.

 Tonight British planes  are in action too in the skies over Libya, part of an international  task force.

 Tonight British forces are in  action over Libya.

 They are part of an international coalition that's  come together to enforce the will of the United Nations and to  protect the Libyan people.

 Our consensus was strong, and our  resolve is clear.

 The people of Today's action follows fresh  fighting in Benghazi, as a warplane thought to be flown by rebels shot  down.

 Civilians have been fleeing from  Benghazi.

 We'll have all the latest from here in Libya as the military  action intensifies.

 Efforts to cool Japan's nuclear  reactors continues, as officials reveal that milk and vegetables  from near the plant have been contaminated.

  And Ireland end England's hopes of a Grand Slam in the Six Nations  Hello and a very good evening from Libya, where tonight British forces  are in action.

 Britain and America have launched more than a hundred  Tomahawk Cruise missiles against Colonel Gaddafi's air defences.

 It  is part of an operation code named Odyssey Dawn.

 It began with French  warplanes carrying out air strikes against a number of targets,  including Colonel Gaddafi's tanks and armoured vex.

 The British Prime  Minister announced the military action after meeting world leaders  at a crisis summit in Paris.

 Our Europe editor, Gavin Hewitt,  reports.

 This was the day when the  international community began military operations against Libya.

  It began with French planes taking off from Europe, enforcing a no-fly  zone over Benghazi, and other aircraft are reported to have  attacked some of Gaddafi's armour.

 Then tonight American and British  ships fired over a hundred Cruise missiles at Libyan air defences and  other targets.

 Tonight British forces are in action over Libya.

  They are part of an international coalition that has come together to  enforce the will of the United Nations and to protect the Libyan  people.

 We have all seen the appalling brutality that Colonel  Gaddafi has meted out against his own people.

 And far from  introducing the ceasefire he spoke about, he's stepped up the attacks  and the brutality that we can all see.

 Even as some pilots were  returning, the British announced they had launched guided Tomahawk  missiles from a submarine.

 The operation is called Odyssey Dawn,  and the Americans are fully involved in the attacks on Libya.

  We cannot stand idly by when a tyrant tells his people that there  will be no mercy and his forces step up assaults on Benghazi and  Misurata, where innocent men and women face brutality and death at  the hands of their own Government.

 These early actions are aimed at  destroying Libya's missile sites, securing control of the country's  airspace.

 The day had begun with world leaders arriving in Paris for  a summit hosted by President Sarkozy.

 Among them was the head of  the Arab League.

 The leaders quickly concluded that the Libyan  regime's promise of a ceasefire looked credibility.

 And that  civilians were still being attacked today.

 President Sarkozy announced  French planes were already enforcing a no-fly zone over  Benghazi.

 TRANSLATION: As of now our aircraft are preventing planes  from attacking the town.

 French aircraft are in place ready to  intervene against tanks and armoured vehicles threatening  unarmed civilians.

 French and British leaders say this operation  could be both difficult and dangerous.

 One hope is that it will  undermine support for Colonel Gaddafi.

 When will the military  activity end? Well, President Sarkozy said it is when Gaddafi's  forces cease all aggressive activity.

  Until then, RAF planes like these tonight are leaving their bases for  what could be a prolonged campaign over Libya.

  Just west of here in Libya is the rebel stronghold of Benghazi.

 Today,  before the air strikes, Benghazi came under ferocious attack by  Colonel Gaddafi's forces, despite his promise of a sea.

 As it came  under attack rebels said that the roads east of Benghazi were clogged  with civilians fleeing from the fighting.

 Our correspondent, Ian  Pannell, witnessed the attack on the city of Benghazi.

  Shortly before dawn the attack began.

 It was supposed to be the  start of a new day for this rebellion.

 A UN mandate to protect  civilians.

 Colonel Gaddafi said he would stop all military action.

 But  this is what passed for his ceasefire.

  For hours Benghazi came under attack from artillery and tanks, as  Government forces pushed into the outskirts.

 This is where Libya's  revolution was born, and for a while today it looked as though it  might all be over.

 A fighter jet with the rebels tried to defend the  city, but within minutes it was targeted and shot down by the  rebels themselves.

 A camera county the moment when the pilot ejects,  but it was too late.

 Such is the confusion here that people believed  it was a Government plane and celebrated what they thought was a  rare military victory.

 It wasn't.

 And within minutes, hundreds of  families started to leave.

 At this point, coalition jets had yet to  take off, and there was little choice but to drive to safety.

  We've driven about two hours out of Benghazi to the east, towards the  Egyptian border.

 As you can see, the roads are absolutely jam packed.

  Families have left the city, carrying all their belongings that  they are able to take in the short time they had to pack.

 We are told  this area is safe by some people, but there are conflicting reports,  with some suggesting the Libyan Army are out in the desert in that  direction and there have even been attacks further down the road.

  just need to leave, that's all.

 We are not needing to go to Iraq.

 We  need to live in Libya.

 We are Libyan people, we win now.

 Gaddafi  didn't win anything.

 They've been beaten, shot at and  hundreds have been killed.

 All in the name of freedom and democracy.

  But finally they seem to have got what they wanted - help from the  outside world.

 Let's go live to the Libyan capital,  Tripoli, Colonel Gaddafi's stronghold.

 Allan Little is there  for us this evening.

 What reaction, if any, from the Gaddafi regime  from tonight's dramatic developments? Very defiant reaction,  characteristically, Ben.

 Colonel Gaddafi appeared on state media  saying the Libyan people should arm themselves for revolution, that the  Mediterranean was a war zone, and they would open weapons stores for  the people to defend themselves.

 Very much fighting talk, along the  lines of what we heard today.

 The Government line here is unchanged.

  They say there is no popular uprising in the east of the country,  that it is a criminal enterprise led by a few hundred gangs, who've  enslaved the people and tricked them that they are working  alongside Al-Qaeda and foreign powers to plunder Libyan oil.

  That's not a version of events that people in the outside world believe,  but the Government here insist upon it.

 The state media has been  showing pictures round the clock of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and the  aftermath of that.

 In particular, images of US servicemen mall  treating ordinary Iraqi prisoners and civilians.

 A very anti-western  sentiment coming from the state media.

 The state media also calls  these air strikes crusader strikes, Crusader missiles, appealing to the  population very much as Muslims.

 The city here tonight feels calm.

  Traffic is moving as normal, but at the same time it is tense.

 There is  small arms fire as people shoot into the air, celebrating what they  call the liberation of Benghazi from the criminal gangs.

 But we as  journalists, despite claims that targets had been struck in and  around Tripoli have not heard any explosions or seen any sign of air  strikes.

 Allan Little, thank you.

  What kind of military campaign can we expect and who is involved?  Caroline Wyatt has the details.

 Not from the air but from the sea.

  Invisible but deadly.

 It was a British Trafalgar class submarine  which launched today's mission.

 It fired a number of Tomahawk missiles,  aimed at Libya's air defences, in close co-ordination with colleagues.

  Earlier this afternoon 110 Tomahawk missiles struck more than 20  integrated air defence systems and other facilities ashore.

 That  should remove at least some of the very real threat to the British  fighter jets ready for action.

 The tornadoes at RAF Marham will be  used to strike targets on the ground.

 Whether that's tanks  threatening civilians or Colonel Gaddafi's command and control  ability.

 So, what kind of military deemployment can we expect and from  where? The NATO base at Naples is understood to be the central hub  for the military operation.

 And Italy has made seven bases  available, including three in Sicily as possible springboards for  sorties.

 Britain's contribution is likely to be controlled by the  joint force air component in Akrotiri.

 British forces have been  joined by those from France, Spain, Italy, Canada and the United States  among other western and Arab nations.

 The military operation in  Libya is centred on an area 90 by 60 miles around the eastern city of  Benghazi, the rebel strong hold threatened by Gaddafi's forces.

 The  coalition will be keen to take out his command and control centres as  well as his air defences.

 The international coalition is pulling  together a range of military assets, with jets arriving by the hour from  the bases they will fly from.

 This has to be commanded with extreme  care.

 It's a complex operation.

 Commanders will be all too well  aware of the risks.

 It what be very silly of anyone to think that there  isn't risk of injury and death to civilians when you are attacking  people in close quarters with the people you really need to stop.

 And  now they'll be working very hard to try and avoid any, but I think it  would be very rash of anybody to say there won't be any.

 I'm afraid  that is one of the realities of war.

 The coalition's hope is that by  stranging hard and fast now, the forces loyal to Colonel Gaddafi  will think again and perhaps the Colonel himself.

  In a moment we'll have the latest from Downing Street, but first  let's cross to Washington and our correspondent Andrew North.

  President Obama spoke this evening and really the message is America  absolutely 100% behind this.

 Very much so.

 At the moment, it is the  United States that's taking the leading role in this, because of  what it calls its unique capabilities.

 Most of the Cruise  missiles fired at Libya today were American.

 But it says that when it  comes to enforcing the no-fly zone, once that's up and running it will  be up to the British, French and coalition allies with US support.

  The US is keen to say that it is not going it alone here.

 And  President Obama was today talking about the risks of military action.

  This is the real concern here.

 What happens if this military action  does not succeed in toppling Colonel Gaddafi? Will it then mean  that there has to be a much bigger military operation? Remember, when  the US and the British imposed no- fly zones over Iraq in 1991, they  went on for 12 years, leading eventually to the Iraq war.

 By an  eerie coincidence, this military action has begun on the very day  that the Iraq war began 8 years ago.

 Let's cross to Downing Street and  talk to Ross Hawkins.

 Ross, I suppose very much the same  preoccupations at Number Ten.

 David Cameron was in firm mood earlier  this evening, wasn't he? certainly was, Julia.

 He stepped  through the door after 10 Downing Street to do something he couldn't  have imagined he would do ten months ago, to announce the  involvement of British forces in a fesh military conflict.

 He said  that was legal, necessary and right.

 The question tonight is, will it  work and achieve the aims of the UN resolution, which to protect  civilians in Libya? Will it work to oust Colonel Gaddafi? This Prime  Minister here is going to be judged on what happens next.

 Ross, thank  you.

 Radioactive contamination has been  detected in some foods produced near the Fukushima nuclear site in  Japan, and in tap water close to the capital, Tokyo.

 Engineers say  they're close to restoring power to the cooling systems at the plant,  but the UN nuclear agency says there's still a risk that the  situation there could deteriorate.

 Our correspondent Chris Hogg  reports from Tokyo.

 They've restocked the shelves in this Tokyo  supermarket.

 Last week's issues with supply now sorted out.

 But the  Japanese face a new problem - radiation has been found in milk  and spinach and tap water, too.

 TRANSLATION: Because of the nuclear  explosion, I've heard that there could be some danger, but I'm not  overly concerned.

 TRANSLATION: is not as if I can run away  anywhere.

 And I don't feel that much personal danger yet.

 And the  Government is at pains to stress only tiny amounts of radiation have  made into it the food chain.

 TRANSLATION: Suppose these products  are consumed for about a year.

 It would be about the same amount of  radiation as one CT scan.

 At the plant itself, almost  certainly the source of the contamination, they've been dousing  the damaged reactors for the third day in a row.

 Engineers are working  to restore power to all six reactors at Fukushima.

 The aim is  to restart water pumps inside the reactors.

 Water prevents fuel rods  from overheating, avoiding meltdown.

 However, because of the scale of  the damage to the plant, there is no guarantee the cooling system  will work even with power restored.

 And some residents living in the  exclusion zone around the plant have had enough.

 Hundreds fled  today in buses driven there to rescue them by volunteers.

 Others  from another town close to the power plant are sheltering in a  stadium not far from Tokyo.

 It is not comfortable, but they feel  safer.

 Each day it seems a new challenge  here.

 The authorities are battling on a number of fronts.

 And what's  becoming clear is these are problems with no quick fixes.

 Japan  will be dealing with the aftermath of this disaster for a very long  time.

 A British soldier who died of his  injuries after a bomb-blast in Afghanistan has been named at  private Daniel Steven Prior.

 He was 27 and from the second Battalion  the Parachute Regiment.

 He was flown back to the UK after  Thursday's blast in Helmand province.

 He died on Friday in  Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham with his family at his  bedside.

 Sport, and England have won rugby  union's Six Nations Championship, but they failed to complete the  Grand Slam, after losing 24-8 against Ireland in Dublin.

 Wales  had the chance to snatch the title away from Martin Johnson's side,  but they also lost in France.

 Andy Swiss reports.

 It was meant to be  one of English rugby's proudest days, a first Grand Slam in eight  years.

 Clearly no-one had told Ireland.

 They were quicker, slicker  and better.

 Brian O'Driscoll thought he scored, only for it to  be ruled out.

 But the tone was set.

 As England flounders, Ireland  flourished.

 Thanks to Tommy Bowe's try and Jonathan Sexton's boot,  they led 17-3 at the break.

 And any lingering chances of an English  comeback were soon snuffed out.

 O'Driscoll now the top try scorer  in Six Nations history, thanks to number 25.

 England did at least  manage this, an opportunist score for Steve Thompson, but pit was  scant consolation.

 For Ireland, an equally crushing victory, after a  mixed campaign, they delivered.

 Parts of our game were really good,  but we couldn't put together the full package.

 Today we were very  good.

 We played a smart but intense game.

 They outplayed us.

 We went  really close at the end.

 It was a horrible day.

 Two attacking moves  ended up with us giving the ball.

 You won't win games like that and  the players know it.

 England's defeat meant Wales could be  champions if they beat France by 27 points.

 A tall order which soon  seemed positively gargantuan as the French romped to a 28-9 win.

 It was  better day for Scotland.

 They avoided the dreaded wooden spoon,  beating Italy by 21-8.

 But it is England who tonight lifted the Six  Nations trophy.

 They are the champions, just not in the style  they had hoped for.

 The main news tonight:  International military action against Libya has begun this  evening, with British, French and American forces all in action,  firing Cruise missiles and carrying

 those targeted.

 That is it.

 Next  Good evening and welcome to Look North.

 A bleak future - unions fear  council workers in Doncaster could be losing 20% of their pay packet.

  We have an exclusive report on these controversial plans.

  Also tonight: Fall from grace - the son of a prominent North Yorkshire  family who cheated his own mother out of £500,000.

 He loved himself  more than he loved his mother.

 preview the new BBC Television  blockbuster set here in Yorkshire.

 Very cold tonight.

 Temperatures  could be down to minus 6 Celsius in places.

 Join me later for your  Good evening.

 First, it was a story of betrayal in a prominent North  Yorkshire family.

 A war hero let down after he died by his cheating  son.

 53-year-old Michael Pain swindled his widowed mother out of  her savings of just under £500,000.

 After being jailed last year, a  court confiscated what was left of Pain's stolen money.

 Hours earlier,  tragedy had struck the family.

 Lieutenant-General Rollo Pain won  the Military Cross on Second World War battlefields.

 He was a man of  honour.

 Not so his son, Michael, a former captain in the Royal Dragoon  Guards.

 At the family home, Eddlethorpe Hall, Michael Pain's  equestrian business ran into trouble, so he made his widowed  mother suffer.

 Instead of looking after his mother properly after his  father died, Michael Pain swindled Lady Pain out of £450,000 of her  money to prop up his business.

 He cut off her heating and reduced her  to a pennyless pensioner.

 I don't think anyone understands why he did  it.

 But I think it's - he's obviously incapable of taking any  advice.

 A lot of advice would have been given if he had come and asked  for it.

 Obviously, he loved himself more than he loved his mother.

  very callous thing that he did? is an abuse of trust.

 It is that  betrayal of the trust that left them with though option to report  the matter to the police.

 Michael Pain finally paid for cheating his  mother on what turned out to be a fateful day for his family.

  REPORTER: What sort of effect has it had on the family? Horrendous  effect.

 It's meant that the last few years of her life were almost a  living hell and the rest were wonderful.

 Sad to say that she died  this morning.

 Oh dear.

 Eddlethorpe Hall will now sell for  nearly £1 million.

 But left behind the now tarnished memories for the  family who lived there for 60 years.

 Thank you very much.

 A 20% pay cut,  that is what unions in Doncaster fear is in store for council  workers who even survive this round of redundancies.

 Millions of pounds  have been trimmed from council coffers.

 The council is considering  making sweeping changes to the terms and conditions of their  staff's employment.

 Unions will ballot the workforce on strike  action.

 Everyone's looking for a bargain.

  It is the only way to make your pay packet stretch.

 But what would you  think if you were told that your wage packet might be about to be  cut by 20%? It's a cloud hanging over council employees in Doncaster,  where over 30 million has to be cut in the next financial year.

 They  have survived redundancy but could lose out on holidays and sick page,  be charged hundreds of pounds for car parking and see two hours  shaved off an already-stretched working week.

 The council was on  the floor and we started to go in the right direction, or so we  thought.

 It's difficult to see how this level of cuts and the severity  of it is going to help us to move forward in deliving services to the  people of Doncaster.

 Nervous about speaking out, this care sector  worker believes plans to cut hours in particular will be devastating.

  We are already underachieving, we were already paired to the bone.

  Keen to be as transparent as possible, the council's Chief  Executive gave us an interview this afternoon, stressing all  negotiations are at a very early stage.

 We certainly won't be  cutting by 20% for any individual member of staff.

 I think that is  slightly alarmist.

 We have got an open list of all the possible  changes we could make to conditions of service and it's part of opening  up a discussion, but we have a long way to go.

 We have plans which will  save about £30 million next year, over four years we hope to save £73  million.

 We have still got a gap to fill.

 Unions are not assuaged.

 They  fear many of their members on low income couldn't cope with any cut  in salary and are considering strike action.

 Our intention is to  move forward with a ballot for industrial action if the terms and  conditions suggestions that we have seen so far are brought forward as  concrete proposals by the council.

 And if the council comes forward  with plans for compulsory redundancies.

 The situation is not  unique and other councils across the region are performing their own  delicate negotiations.

 With so much at stake, it seems unlikely all  will be resolved without tempers rising.

  Do stay with us.

 Later on Look North: Shouting from the rooftops -  we find out why Bradford's minarets are the finest in Europe.

  Now, a surprise switch at the top of the Labour Party now leaves the  top three jobs in the hands of Yorkshire MPs.

 Alan Johnson, the  Shadow Chancellor, announced he was quitting the job for personal  reasons, with West Yorkshire MPs Ed Balls and Yvette Cooper now  changing places in Ed Miliband's Cabinet.

 What do we make of this  political merry-go-round? Will it mean anything in Yorkshire? I'm  joined by our political editor.

 Make some sense of all this.

 The  last hour-and-a-half have been quite chaotic? It is my job to keep  in touch with all these players and the Labour Party as well.

 Until  3.

00 this afternoon I hadn't a clue.

 What it's left us with is the MP  for Morley is now the Shadow Chancellor, just down the road, Mrs  Ed Balls, his wife, the MP for Pontefract and du' is now the  Shadow Home Secretary and they join down the road in South Yorkshire  the leader of the party, Ed Balls as the Doncaster MP.

 You would  expect a concentration of significant figures from the Labour  Party in Yorkshire because it is their powerhouse.

 I don't think  it's ever been anything like this.

 Len, will this change the dynamics  of the Labour Party? Ed Balls is a very different character to Alan  Johnson? It was expected when we saw Ed Miliband become the leader  of the party that Ed Balls would walk into being the Chancellor.

 It  didn't happen.

 The reason for that was because they wanted a kind of,  a moderate figure in Alan Johnson.

 It could be, there are suggestions  today this could be a lurch to the left.

 I don't think so.

 We are  going to see more of the same.

 Ed Balls is a lot closer to Ed  Miliband these days than perhaps he was in the last Labour  administration.

 Briefly, what will this test mean, when will we see  the results? The biggest test will come up with the Barnsley by-  election.

 The Labour Party is preparing for an early by-election.

  They have already said today they are preparing to put in a new  candidate to, they will make that selection procedure shortly.

 We  will know who that will be by next Thursday and the test is how well  will they do? More of today's news: A man from Sheffield who stabbed a  Polish student 44 times has been jailed for a minimum of 15 years  today.

 29-year-old Colin Owen Campbell murdered his 23-year-old  girlfriend when she tried to end their relationship.

 Police were  alerted by neighbours who heard her screams.

 They say it was a brutal  attack.

 The latest crime figures have been released and they show  the number of crimes reported to police in the 12 months to  September last year - in West Yorkshire the figure fell by 7.

5%.

  In North Yorkshire it dropped by nearly 10%.

 In South Yorkshire  there was a bigger fall - 12.

5%.

 Jobcentre staff at a call centre in  Sheffield have begun a 48-hour strike in a dispute over working  conditions.

 Members of the Public and Commercial Services Union claim  they are working in intolerable conditions and they want to see an  end to what they say is a target- driven culture.

  The idea that you can process a query for a benefit query in under  three minutes, which is the new target, is not only unrealistic, it  is an insult to customers and staff.

 The Doncaster Mayor has been caught  speeding by children monitoring drivers outside their school.

 The  children were helping police pull over speeding drivers as part of a  project.

 Mr Davies, who was driving at 33mph, in a 30mph zone, said he  would be more careful in future.

 One of Yorkshire's best-known  restaurants has lost its Michelin star.

 The Star Inn at Harome near  Helmsley has held the status since 2002.

 In this year's guide it lost  out.

 Five other Yorkshire restaurants have all retained their  star rating.

 Now, where do you think you will  find the most beautiful minarets in Europe? I know the answer! You  might have guessed Istanbul, se vel, the answer of course is -- Seville,  the answer of course is Bradford.

 More from our man Spencer Stokes.

  When Muslims arrived in Bradford 50 years ago it is unlikely the  mosques they established would have won design competitions.

 Backrooms  of terraced homes, disused cinemas, old warehouses were converted into  simple places of worship.

 As the community grew, so did the mosques.

  With ever-more impressive minarets topping off expensive new buildings.

  And now the minarets on Madni- Jamia-Masjid Mosque have been named  as the most beautiful in Europe.

 are over the moon.

 We didn't expect  to win the award.

 Somebody must have seen something about our  minarets that they liked.

 They decided to give the award to us.

  This was a tough competition with entries from Spain, Italy, Sweden,  Norway and many more countries all going before a panel of experts at  the European parliament.

 But it was Bradford's Yorkshire stone mosque  that topped their poll.

 It is a classical design.

 We have tried to  blend both cultures together here, using the Yorkshire stone does help.

  The Madni-Jamia-Masjid Mosque isn't a one-off.

 Across the city,  building work is under way on what will be one of the UK's largest  mosques, with minarets that could surely challenge for the most  beautiful title.

 I think they add a great deal to Bradford's skyline.

  They add interest, I think, they add variety.

 Much more so than some  modern buildings have done in the past and perhaps some contemporary  buildings as well.

 In another age, towering mill chimneys dominated  Bradford's landscape, like the mills they served the bulk of those  chimneys have gone and now new, more ornamental towers are pupbg  ewe waiting the city's skyline.

 -- punctuating the city's skyline.

  Beautiful pictures.

 Did you watch the football? I did.

 I thought it  was fantastic.

 It was a gripping game from beginning to end.

 I felt  so sad for Leeds because they matched Arsenal.

 It was 35 minutes  in the first half where Arsenal probably edged them.

 It was a pity.

  They played like champions.

 I don't know - I like my period dramas, but  I'm desperate for Upstairs Downstairs.

 But this particular new  BBC drama might fit the bill.

 We are going to be going back in time,  only this time the drama is set in the 1930s and the best news, it is  set in Yorkshire.

 In a few minutes, we will be  revealing the winner of the Northern Art Prize too.

  But now we have that football and a really gripping match, the problem  is we will be revealing live the prize in a few minutes, but if  Leeds United do fancy their chances of getting back into the Premier  League, last night's replay would have made them more determined.

  Arsene Wenger was very complimentary as well.

 The Elland  Road atmosphere was electric and the scenes if not the result were a  real throwback.

 That should be the end of a most enjoyable cup tie.

  Arsenal go through to play Huddersfield in round four.

  They have a good chance to be in the play-off and we miss leeds in  the Premier League, you know.

 Hopefully, they can come back.

  it always this nice up there in the Premier League you wonder? Look  what happened when Leeds' keeper Kasper Schmeichel mid his  breathtaking save.

 The Arsenal striker congratulated him.

 The only  problem was that the gallant young Gunners also happened to be  brilliant footballers.

 Samir Nasri and Bacary Sagna put Arsenal 2-0  ahead.

 There was some evidence that Leeds could cut it in the Premier  League again one day, if they get their chance.

 Johnson! Wow!  Sensational! It has lift the roof off Elland Road! Most of them end  in weather by! -- Wetherby! It was a goal worthy of winning a football  match.

 If you are going to get knocked out of the FA Cup, you  might as well get knocked out by one of the best teams in the world.

  Arsenal threw two World Cup finalists on from the Ben.

 Robin  Van Persie's header sealed the win.

 A brave defeat for Leeds and they  may see Arsene Wenger again soon.

 We could finish mid-table in  Premiership.

 A new striker and sort the defence out.

 Certainly got the  support.

 No doubt about that.

 I don't think they have the players  yet.

 So, Leeds United fans ready.

 Squad, work in progress.

  Hopefully, promises for the future.

 Let's stay on the football theme.

  Barnsley's Adam Hamill has signed for Wolves.

 He has moved for an  undisclosed fee but it is believed Wolves' offer triggered a get-out  clause in his contract.

 I have often debated this - there  is an East Riding of Yorkshire, a West Riding of Yorkshire, but there  isn't a South Riding.

 It is from the term "thridding".

.

.

 But there  is a South Riding.

 The BBC's drama department has done it again.

 They  have been in Yorkshire filming an adaptation of the classic novel,  South Riding by Winifred Holtby and it is a portrait of Yorkshire in  the 1930s and it is gritty.

 It is a love story full of humour and  tragedy and scenes have been filmed in Yorkshire.

 Heidi Tomlinson has  been to the premiere.

 If you haven't heard of the South Riding,  it is a novel first published back in 1936.

 It was set in the South  Riding of Yorkshire.

 It's being premiered here at the National  Media Museum tonight.

 There are two main characters you need to know  about.

 One, an idealistic young head mistress, another, an arrogant  landowner.

 It is a love story, but there is so much more to it than  that.

 Here is a clip to give you a flavour.

 See if you can spot Morley  Sorry.

 Sorry I'm late.

 That looks very interesting.

 David Morrisey  plays the part there of Robert, in the adaptation.

 You have been  working a lot in Yorkshire recently? I have, the last three  years, the end of the summer holidays I get on a train and come  up to Leeds.

 I did Red Riding, the trilogy, that Channel 4 did three  years ago.

 Then I did Five Days and then this year I have done South  Riding, so it's been a great pleasure to work here.

 Just looking  at your character in South Riding, how would you describe him? I was  thinking maybe arrogant, but not as much as that, you were thinking?  You do make big assumptions about him at the beginning of the story  and hopefully they change.

 He is a proud man.

 He is in trouble  financially.

 He's a single father, so he's got all those problems.

  He's also a Conservative, he is a Tory, and he's a man who is of one  time that's going because a new time is emerging.

 He is very aware  of that.

 He's struggling with many things.

 We have seen you on so many  things recently, Black Bull.

 resort's casinos -- Blackpool.

  resort's casinos.

.

.

 Let's get "back to basics".

 I loved doing Blackpool.

  It was a series where the characters burst into song all the  time, and I loved it.

 It was great.

 It was very different television,  very original.

 It gave me a chance to be ate be more light-hearted  which I don't often get the chance to do on TV.

 You have been filming  so much in Yorkshire, is there one place you have really fallen in  love with around here? I wouldn't say there's one place.

 As a film-  maker, it is great to be in a location that is so accommodating  and the region is, so it is always a pleasure to be here.

 Thank you  very much for joining us at the National Media Museum.

 You can see  South Riding on BBC One at the end of February.

 It is worth mentioning  that the play has been adapted for television by Andrew Davis, the man  responsible for that Colin Firth wet shirt moment in Pride and  Prejudice.

 If you liked that, the chances are you will like this.

  Thank you for that.

 The time's arrived to reveal the winner of  this year's Northern Art Prize, the competition is the showcase for the  best contemporary artists across the North of England.

 There is one  where there is a bowl of sweets which means that my granny had a  bowl of sweets, she was way ahead of her time! There's a lightbulb  thing as well.

 We will find out which one's won.

 There to tell us  is our man, Shamir Masri.

 What is going on? Well, thank you very much.

  I'm here at Leeds Art Gallery.

 A few moments ago they announced the  winner of the Northern Art Prize, the competition is in its fourth  year.

 Some people refer to it as "the Turner Prize of the North".

  Joining me now is this year's winner, Haroon Mirza.

 Fantastic  achievement to win this, you must be over the moon? I'm very pleased,  yes.

 Really exciting.

 On top of winning the actual award, it is  quite a substantial cheque that goes along with it for £16,500.

 A  lot of artists - it must be a bit of a struggle with funds.

 How big  is that? Sit really important.

 It's come at a really -- it is really  important.

 It's come at a really good time.

 I need to make work.

 It  is difficult with funding at the moment so it will be really useful.

  That is great.

 Some of our viewers they might not have come across  your type of work before and they might have the idea of old school  type of art.

 How would you explain the stuff that you do? I guess it  is a sculpture that moves and you can hear it as well as see it.

 So,  I think that is probably the easiest way to describe it.

  Absolutely.

 I loved it.

 You are the first winner that's been based in  Yorkshire and you are based in Sheffield.

 What's the artistic  community like in Sheffield? It is really great.

 There's - where my  studio is, it is really, we have moved into a new building and it is  a big community of artists and everyone works there.

 It is a  really good community.

 There is a massive project space.

 It's really  exciting to be as an artist.

 are down in London a lot as well,  how important has being based in Sheffield been? Well, Sheffield,  there is no distraction, you can really work.

 It is an important  city.

 Sometimes regional cities get kind of pushed aside.

 They are  really important like any other city.

 Fantastic.

 Well done again.

  Mark Lawson, you have come back to your roots? I have.

 I do support  Leeds United and happier result tonight than last night! I'm one of  the judges and as a judge, we are looking for what we call the wow  factor, when you walk into a gallery and you think this is  fascinating, what is going on? In Haroon's work you get that.

 There's  a mix of flatscreen TVs and old radios and LPs.

 Younger people  won't recognise the technology he is using.

 YOU mentioned traditional  art.

 His work combines - there are old pieces of art in it, old  technology, so it has a great range.

 It is that it just made a huge  impact on us when we first saw it, the noises and the sound.

 Thank you  very much for joining us.

 For anyone interested in coming down  and taking a look at the exhibits here, they are on offer until 6th  February and absolutely free for you to come and have a look.

 Thank  you very much.

 What you didn't know was that - I know he is a brilliant  weather forecaster, but Paul is very good at modern art.

  brilliant weather forecaster? will debate that one.

 You created  that this afternoon? I created that in a matter of  seconds.

 Describe what that is?  That is the BBC wardrobe with all my old jackets on the floor!  We like to call it Paul Hudson Discarded!  I can't believe I used to wear that stripy one on telly.

 Neither can  we! It's a few years back as well.

 You have to get a prize for that.

  At least you found a use for them! Five minutes, how long do you think  the exhibitors took to make their exhibits? Please do your weather.

  exhibits? Please do your weather.

 Three pictures which are beautiful.

  This is very interesting.

 We are looking left towards Lancashire.

  Look at all that fog that sat just to the west of the Pennines all day.

  To the right, we were bathed in glorious sunshine.

 This one was the  Rother Valley country park.

 The third one, a transmitter taken from  just outside Emily Moor.

 Last night we got down to minus 6 Celsius in  Leeming.

 As the high pressure just slips ever so slightly to the west,  this weekend we will pull in a lot of cloud so the message is, enjoy  the blue sky tomorrow while you can.

 The satellite picture shows there  was a lot of cloud to the south- east of us.

 We have been in the  clear all day.

 Temperatures struggled up to 5 Celsius.

 Already,  temperatures are close to freezing.

 If you live in the extreme west of  Yorkshire, there could be some patchy fog or some low cloud, but  the vast majority of Yorkshire will be clear and cold and frosty with  lowest temperatures possibly down to minus 5 Celsius or minus 6  Celsius.

 The sun rises at 8.

08am.

 A frosty and icy start in the morning.

  A little bit of low cloud in the far west.

 Other than that, it is  clear, crisp and sunny.

 A beautiful day.

 A light northerly breeze.

  Let's have a look at those top temperatures.

 Struggling, up to 4-5  Celsius.



 Renault expected or Nick Heidfeld.

  Hello, good afternoon.

 Tens of thousands of people were around the  country have begun marching through Central London.

 They are protesting  against the Government's cuts to public services.

 Union leaders say  100,000 public sector workers, community leaders and students are  expected to attend the event, organised by the Trades Union  Congress.

 4,500 officers are on duty to police the event.

 Sophie  Long is at Victoria Embankment tor us -- for us, she joins us now.

  This is the scene live on Victoria Embankment in London, where tens of  thousands of people, possibly, organisers say, even hundreds of  thousands of people are marching through the streets of London.

 They  are protesting again the Government cuts.

 The message is a clear one,  they say that there is an alternative.

 This report now from  our Political Correspondent, Ronin Brandt.

 Some want no cuts at all,  others want fewer, but all believe there is an alternative to the  Government's plan.

 What effect will the march have  today? We hope that it raises public awareness and makes the  politicians think about what they will be doing.

  Do you think it will? Yes.

 Organisers have predicted 100,000  people will come to voice their anger.

 It is a major event for the  police, they are worried that extreme elements may cause trouble.

  Over 4,000 officers will be on hand.

 The challenge for us and them is  the sheer weight of numbers, but that is the easy part.

 The real  challenge is the others, the feeder marchers, who want to protest, but  are also saying that they are going to ruin the party.

 To resort to  violence or disorder.

 Ed Miliband says he will address  the marchers later.

 He will tell them that they speak for the main  strael, but the Government believe that the scale an the pace of its  cuts are necessary.

 It does not plan to change its chewn.

  -- its tune.

 Sophie, what is the atmosphere like along the route?  You can get a sense from the sound here, there is an incredible  atmosphere.

 It is one of a festival.

 There have been bands playing.

 You  can hear a few drums behind me.

 Organisers say that many, many  people, more people have come out to protest today than they had  thought.

 A huge challenge, of course, for the Metropolitan Police  and other forces working with them.

 Some 4,500 officers are policing  the event today.

 Also, there are some 1,500 stewards.

 You can  probably see them in their fluorescent jackets, they have been  brought here by the TUC to ensure that the atmosphere remain as good  one.

 They have said this is a peaceful protest, indeed, a day to  be enjoyed by families.

 So far, that has been the case.

  From Victoria Embankment, a very loud Victoria Embankment, back to  you in the studio.

 Libyan rebels say that they have  re-taken control of the strategic town of Ajdabiya in the east of the  country from forces loyal to Colonel Gaddafi.

 It comes after a  seventh night of allied air flights enforcing a no-fly zone.

  Our correspondent is there.

 Rebels here are dancing in the  streets, Blairing their car horns and firing gun noose the air in  wild celebrations.

 Ajdabiya, the town of about 100,000 people is  their gateway to a Western military advance.

 Colonel Gaddafi's forces  here have all either fled or been killed after a series of coalition  air strikes last night.

 The rebels have told us that they will now  push on towards Brega as they continue their military campaign to  topple Colonel Muammar Gaddafi.

 This has been a living hell for the  civilians under siege in this town for the last few days.

  For ten days, the people here suffered from no water, no  electrics, no food, no medical care.

 Now we are happy that we are free.

  That also the coalition forces, the -- that last night they were  starting to bomb the Colonel Gaddafi's tanks.

  The air strike has done extraordinary damage to Colonel  Gaddafi's forces here in Ajdabiya.

 We counted dozens of tanks that had  been either destroyed or abandoned.

 This is a great victory for the  rebels, but there is no doubt that they could have achieved this  without the sophistication and power of the coalition air force.

  Officials in Japan say that high levels of radioactive iodine in the  sea do not pose a threat to human health.

 More than a fortnight on  from the earthquake and the tsunami, nearly a quarter of a million  people are living in overcrowded and temporary evacuation centres.

  Roland Buerk has this report.

 For the people here, the town has  shrunk to the size of the school hall.

 Neighbour lies next to  neighbour.

 Piles of blankets have replaced the garden fence.

 There is  no privacy.

 The days have stretched into weeks.

  Temporary houses are being built on the playground.

 For this woman and  her son, they are hoping to get one, but there are just 36 homes and  more than 1,000 needy people.

 The names are to be drawn by lot.

  TRANSLATION: I have lost so many friends.

 If I thought too much  about it, I would not be able to stop crying.

 This is not a time for  tears.

 We must carry on with our friends who have survived and work  hard.

 Even now, it seems that little has  changed in Rikuzentakata.

 The priority is finding the bodies of  the dead before there can be thought of rebuilding.

 The question  now is will anyone want to come

 watching.

 Join me tomorrow if you  Welcome to Wales Today.

 I'm Lucy Owen.

 Tonight's headlines: Thrown  into confusion - the Yes and No campaigns for further Assembly  powers won't get any public money.

 A rally enthusiast guilty of  dangerous driving after crashing the car he was trying to sell on a  test drive.

 20 year-old Gavin Collier was killed.

 Gavin loved  life but he had his future snatched away by the reckless actions of  Nathan Morris.

 Bad weather didn't help, but A&E departments have  failed to meet targets for waiting times.

 Also in the programme  tonight: Full speed ahead at the new BBC Wales Drama Village.

 The  new home for Dr Who's TARDIS and Casualty.

 And taking the wrestling  world by storm - Tremadog's Barri Griffiths is watched by millions as  Good evening.

 The campaign ahead of the referendum on increasing the  Assembly's powers has been thrown into confusion after the True Wales  group decided not to seek designation as the official No  campaign.

 The decision has been condemned by yes campaigners as an  anti-democratic stunt.

 It means neither side will receive public  funding, free mail-shots or broadcasts on TV and radio.

 Our  Welsh affairs editor, Vaughan Roderick, is at a Yes for Wales  meeting in the Rhondda.

 In about half an hour, the yes campaign will  wheel out to have their biggest guns, the former First Minister  Rhodri Morgan and the former Plaid Cymru leader, to try to rally the  troops.

 It is part of a well organised roll-out by the yes  campaign but behind the scenes, campaigners have been trying to  redraw their plans after the no campaign effectively through their  spanner in the works.

 When is a campaign launch not the campaign  launch? Yes for Wales has made its pitch and yesterday, true Wales had  its curtain-raiser.

 As things stand, neither will we, the official yes  and No campaigns as tree wheels says it doesn't want public money  wasted on the effort.

 That is how a referendum should be fought, with  each of the campaign's funding themselves, not depriving hard-  working people of their money in order to campaign for more powers.

  What would this mean? Neither side will get £17,000 of public money,  no free leaflets, no referendum broadcasts and the amount they can  spend will be curtailed.

 The yes campaign say this is a gimmick.

  am very disappointed because it's vitally important for democracy to  have a good debate on whether these changes which would mean more  effective workings for the Welsh Assembly, will go through.

 The fact  that the No campaign has turned its back on public money means that we  cannot have the debate we were hoping for.

 Both sides are using  the internet as a tool for support.

 I am proud to be Welsh, to see  democracy growing in Wales.

 It's also about making sure that those  laws that only affect Wales are made only in Wales.

 Pages on  Facebook and Twitter mean campaigners can use technology to  get their message across.

 Our older ways of campaigning on the way out?  In recent years that elections in Wales and the UK and and other  countries, social Nadir has played a tremendous part in the campaigns  but it's only one small part.

 We have to consider that not everybody  has internet access and we have to consider that although it's very  popular, not everybody uses Twitter and Facebook.

 We asked voters in  Llanelli how they would prefer to learn about each campaign.

 I would  say, on the internet.

 As I say, a lot of the stuff would come through  the door and people would class that as junk mail and not read it.

  I would say Facebook.

 Yes.

 Instead of just sitting there, come up with  funny things, animated things or putting things on Facebook and  things like that.

 That political campaign to get through to me must  be forceful, relevant and no nonsense.

 The referendum campaign  has not got off to the expected start.

 Yes for Wales said the but  as the Electoral Commission about how best to engage public interest.

  Whether the true wills stands will damage the campaign or draw  attention to it should become clearer in the coming days.

 What  does this mean for the campaign? will be a very different campaign  to the one be expected.

 True wills have forced this change by not  accepting the public help.

 That could run against them, the yes  campaign has more money and the Organisation of political parties.

  It might be better equipped, infected almost certainly is better  equipped, to fight that sort of ground game.

 But they must rethink  their plans, they have to see if they can raise extra money so it  has, if you like, thrown everything in the air and the polls suggest  that the Yes side is well ahead and Millie the no campaign decided that  what they needed to do was to shake up of the pieces and see what they  fell.

 Could this affect turnout on March 3rd? It certainly will affect  it.

 Not all public spending has been stopped.

 The Electoral  Commission will still send out a booklet to every house in Wales,  setting up the arguments neutrally, saying what the changes are and  what the referendum is all about.

 There will be an enormous -- an  awareness campaign.

 People were already worried that the turnout  could be down as far as 30%, even.

 And it could go even lower.

  there'd be it sees both sides going head to head tonight? That's right,  although there are no broadcasts, there is still plenty of  referendums on television and on Dragon's Eye tonight, the head of  the yes campaign will go head-to- head with Rachel Banner, who were  heard from, from the No campaign.

 Thank you very much indeed.

  Dragons's Eye is on after this programme over on BBC Two Wales,  and it'll be repeated at 11.

35pm tonight on BBC One Wales.

 A rally  enthusiast has been found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving  after crashing the car he was trying to sell on a test drive.

 24  year-old Nathan Morris from Tenby was driving at speeds of up to  75mph in a 50mph zone.

 20 year-old Gavin Collier from Neath died in  the crash.

 The judge told Morris to expect a jail sentence.

 Gavin  Collier was just weeks away from his 21st birthday and was hoping to  treat himself to a new car.

 That possible birthday present turned  into this mangled wreckage on a test drive last February.

 He was  considering buying the Peugeot 106 off Nathan Morris, who was driving  at the time of the crash.

 Gavin Collier was killed instantly.

 Today  his father described how his family and friends have been left  devastated.

 Cavlan loved life but had his future snatched away from  him by the reckless and irresponsible actions of Nathan  Morris.

 Myself and the police welcome the court's findings that  Mr Morris was guilty of causing Gavin's death by dangerous driving,  which reflects the seriousness of the offence.

 While nothing will  bring Cavlan back, we hope that his death has not been in vain and will  act as a warning to others of the tragic consequences that can result  from irresponsible driving.

 Thank you.

 Gavin Collier had travelled  from his home in Neath to Tenby to view the car.

 It was just outside  the seaside resort on this stretch of road where the 20 year old's  life ended.

 Morris lost control while manoeuvring around a sweeping  left hand bend and crashed in to a parked vehicle.

 Gavin Collier was  in the passenger seat and died of his injuries while Nathan Morris  was airlifted to hospital.

 Accident investigators found that the parked  car he hit had moved 60 feet, meaning he must have been doing at  leash 75mph.

 -- least.

 He could have been travelling here at speeds  of up to 70 mph on a stretch of road with a 50 mph speed limit.

  Nathan Morris, a trainee mechanic, knew the car he was trying to sell  for £1,700 had a faulty shock absorber.

 Accident experts also  said this could have contributed to the Peugeot becoming unstable.

  Morris had admitted causing death by careless driving but denied the  more serious charge.

 But today he was convicted unanimously by a jury  at Swansea crown court of death by dangerous driving.

 Releasing Nathan  Morris Arndale, the judge said, I have to be realistic and so do.

 He  will be facing a custodial sentence.

 How long the jail term will be is  yet to be seen.

 Sentencing has been adjourned to a later date as  reports are carried out into his background.

 A baby boy who lost  both his parents and his grandfather in a car crash on the  M4 near Cardiff has been released from hospital.

 Six-month-old Logan  Padden and his grandmother were the only survivors of the accident,  which killed Louise Evans, her partner, Thomas Padden, and his  father, Stephen.

 The family were travelling home to Porthcawl after  a holiday when the accident happened.

 Pupils and teachers from  a school in Blaenau Gwent will have to wait to find out if they've won  their fight to keep their sixth form.

 Brynmawr Foundation School,  which took its protest to the Senedd last year, went to court to  contest a council order to close the sixth form.

 The council was  using powers delegated by Assembly Government ministers.

 But judgement  was reserved until later in the year.

 The number of Welsh students  winning places at university has over 18,500 Welsh applicants were  accepted at universities across the UK.

 That's over 1,500, or 7.

6%,  fewer than the year before.

 It puts Wales at the bottom of the table  compared to the rest of the UK.

 Our education correspondent, Ciaran  Jenkins, joins us now.

 How worrying are these figures? Pretty worrying.

  These figures show that Wales is doing worse at getting people into  university than anywhere else in the UK.

 The figures show that  England, Scotland and Northern Ireland stay the same or even  increase the number of applicants getting into university and in  Wales that figure is down by 8%.

 We know that Welsh applicants like to  stay in Wales and apply to Welsh universities and we know the number  of places here went down by about 5%.

 At the same time, the number of  applicants went up by 10%, so fewer places and more applicants equals  that squeeze but why are Welsh applicants getting squeezed out? I  would suggest that the unfortunate truth is that it is down to the A-  level results, at least in part, and in Wales, they were worse than  the rest of the UK and universities award places on merit.

 Is it likely  to get any easier for those applying this year? Regrettably, it  will get tougher.

 And you cap on student recruitment comes into  force this year, meaning fewer places again and at the same time,  applications are already up as applicants from the rest of the UK  book to avoid the increase in tuition fees coming in from 20th  September 12, meaning they will pay fees of up to £9,000 each year if  they apply next year and only £3,000 this year.

 More applicants,  fewer places, winning a tough environment for anyone wanting to  get a place at university and the advice is to study as hard as you  possibly can because universities, as we have seen, will turn people  away.

 OK, thank you very much.

 Still ahead in the programme  tonight: All the sport.

 Another problem to tackle for North Wales's  regional rugby team.

 The company behind it goes into liquidation.

  And the newest face of American wrestling, Tremadog's Barri  The percentage of people waiting more than four hours to go to  accident and emergency units in Welsh as bidders went up last year.

  Medical staff are expected to deal with 95% of cases within four hours  at accident and emergency unit.

 This man is one of the people who  experienced to long delays of more than four hours after taking his  terminally ill wife to accident and emergency at the Royal Glamorgan  Hospital.

 We have been treated price by the same crew.

 Something  was not right.

 She was in pain.

 It was abominable to see.

 Nobody was  listening.

 No response.

 The health board says it could not comment on  individual cases.

 But it says it is There is no doubt that when you're  in the winter period you will have precious that you do not have at  other times.

 But this has been an consistent increase.

 We saw an  increase from November to December was up which we are seeing this  increase.

 There is something going wrong.

 The Assembly government  points out the vast majority of patients to receive treatment  within the target times.

 A spokesperson said the cold weather  and a number of flu cases have had an impact on figures.

 Two new bases  for BBC Wales took significant steps forward today.

 There is a new  centre at the University in Wrexham and in Cardiff Bay, the first phase  is complete.

 It is expected that casualty will begin production here  this summer.

 Construction began on this drama village in June last  year.

 It has been carried out at an accelerated pace to meet filming  deadlines.

 The first act as a deal on set in September.

 The drama  village is part of the BBC drive to produce more network drama out of  London.

 It is a long-term investment in a -- and it shows the  confidence we have in the talent and skills in South Wales.

 We will  be hit a catalyst for a huge growth in the industry over the coming  years.

 This drama the judge erred is being built in Cardiff Bay and  his is set to become one of its landmarks.

 In a few months, the  costumes would be very different.

 He could enter a world of a  casualty ward, the Doctor Who tabbies or the set of the Welsh  language soap.

 A replica high street will be built on the  premises.

 Casualty is moving from Bristol.

 Part of the complex in  Cardiff Bay will resemble the hospital.

 This is the ambulance and  run.

 The length of this has been calculated to get the ambulance up  to 40 mph and still have room to break before the end.

 A topping out  ceremony was attended by representatives from the four  organisations involved.

 They all believe the studios will act as a  catalyst for other media companies.

 We always felt that Cardiff had a  lacks a creative quarter.

 A number of other cities up probably further  advanced than Cardiff is.

 It will have spin-off for Cardiff in the  creative industries.

 We are happy to be part of this development and  I think there is huge potential for her at.

 It will benefit Cardiff and  the whole of Wales.

 BBC Wales also announced it will move its office  in Wrexham to the university.

 In Cardiff Bay, there is 170,008 feet  of space.

 When kitted out, one of the studios here will feature the  The at Royal Air Force is retiring its oldest type of jet which were  built in the 1960s.

 They made the final flight passed today.

 Time for  the sport now.

 Cricket.

 There have been more  repercussions from the recent turmoil at Glamorgan.

 Tom Maynard  has left the county to join Surrey on a three-year contract.

 He was  unhappy at the way his father had been treated by the club.

 He  resigned in November after a new captain was appointed without his  knowledge.

 Rugby.

 More headaches for Warren Gatland today.

 It was  confirmed that Adam Jones will miss all but the last game of the Six  Nations.

 He injured his elbow playing for the Ospreys on Sunday.

  Gethin Jenkins will also sit out the whole championship after  injuring his foot.

 Everybody knows how or Adam has been playing.

 He is  an asset to any squad.

 It is a shame we are not able to hit the  ground running.

 There is no hiding away from the fact that he will be  a loss.

 Somebody will have to step into the breach.

 Efforts to create  a competitive senior team in the North West have met another problem.

  The team behind it has gone into liquidation.

 It has been a long  held goal of the Welsh Rugby Union to create a team in North Wales.

  They say the dream is still alive.

 The not-for-profit Community Trust  behind the beach in a team went into liquidation this week.

 Much of  the money is owed in expenses to players.

 The team has been taken  over by the Welsh Rugby Union and given another name.

 The North Wales  Academy senior 15.

 We are still here.

 It is a new venture now.

 We  will look positively to the future.

 The development of rugby in North  Wales remains a priority.

 The rugby academy already trades in Colwyn  Bay.

 It will make a huge difference.

 For any sport to have facilities  where players can prepare and play witches first-class his integrity.

  It helps to develop the players.

 partnership which has seemed  promising Canadian players joined the North Wales team will continue.

  The division for rugby here extends further than that.

 Football.

 Leon  Brittan has rejoined Swansea City on a two-and-a-half year contract.

  He is returning to the Liberty Stadium on a free transfer from  Sheffield United.

 He made more than 300 appearances for the songs  before deciding to leave after a disagreement with the previous  manager Paulo Sousa.

 You have to be honest and say it is a mistake.

  With a crystal ball, we would all make the right decision.

 We are  moving away has not worked out.

 I am grateful to the chairman  vaunting the back and making it happen.

 World wrestling  entertainment is big business around the world.

 The latest  coupler to step into the W W e a ring hails from Tremadog in Gwynedd.

  At six foot six and over 20 stone, it is not hard to see why Barri  Griffiths is making waves in the world of wrestling.

 With a touch of  pantomime, the events are screened across the world to millions of  viewers every week.

 Watching back home at his proud parents.

 I am  nervous.

 I have to be honest.

 When they're throwing all sorts of  things around.

 It does make me a little bit nervous.

 Barry Griffiths  is a relative newcomer to the ring.

 A meeting with an old legend led to  him travelling the world and developing his talent.

 One year ago  he was signed by W W E.

 When the offer came to go, he grabbed it  with both hands.

 He wants to beat all the best and the number one in  America.

 His stage name has yet to be revealed.

 He is set to be a big  hit in the years to come.

 My favourite rustler was Big Daddy.

 I  liked giant haystacks.

 He was big and scary.

 The weather is calm and  settled.

 Crisp and sunny across Wales.

 Many of you have been busy  The satellite picture shows Clear skies across Wales.

 Some fog in the  Vale of Clwyd.

 So more fog patches forming tonight.

 They will be  fought in the Severn Valley.

 Another widespread frost tonight.

  High pressure remains firmly in control, centred over Ireland.

  Tomorrow morning, a real mix.

 Some cloud in the north.

 We will have  some fog in Wrexham and Flintshire.

 Some fog patches in the south.

 Away  from the fog, clear skies and frost.

 During the day, the fog will slowly  lift.

 It may linger all day in the Marches.

 Temperatures on the cold  side again.

 In Monmouth Show tomorrow, a risk of fog in Chepstow.

  For the weekend, high pressure remains in charge.

 No changes.

  Parts of the north and east will be dull and foggy.

 Otherwise, the best  of the sunshine in the south and west.

 Generally more cloud on a  Sunday.

 It looks like the settled weather will continue next week.

  The main news again.

 Alan Johnson has resigned from the shadow UK  cabinet for what he described as personal reasons.

 A 32-year-old man  has been arrested on suspicion of murdering Joanna Yeates in Bristol.

  The campaign ahead of the referendum on increasing the  Assembly's powers has been thrown into confusion.

 The true Wales  group decided not to become the official No campaign.

 The decision  has been criticised by Yes campaigners as an anti- democratic  stunt.

 Dragons Eye will have more on the referendum in a few minutes.

  You will be asked to vote in a referendum on whether you want the  Assembly to make laws in devolved

 Good evening and welcome to BBC  Look North.

 The headlines: 10,000 jobs are set to come to Hull as  Siemens announces that a £100 million wind turbine factory.

  potential numbers of jobs both in the plant and for the supply chain  behind it are quite simply staggering.

 But what will it mean  for the prospects of the long-term unemployed? It will bring a lot  more income in, won't it? You should boost it.

 I hope people do  get jobs because that's all I want, a job.

 I can't live on benefits  like I am.

 In other news: Alan Johnson steps down as shadow  Chancellor due to personal reasons.

 The RAF says goodbye to its oldest  trainer jet as it takes its final flight over Lincolnshire.

  And 91-year-old Lincolnshire man bring out a whole new approach to  rubbish collection.

 For a frosty night to come and a  sunny day tomorrow.

 The forecast Good evening.

 It has been described  as the biggest economic boost to our area in generations - a giant  factory which will make thousands of wind turbines, based on the  banks of the Humber.

 The company Siemens has announced it wants to  build one in Hull.

 The development could generate around 10,000 jobs  in our area.

 100 and and £80 million is being invested to  prepare the dock and build the plant.

 -- £180 million.

 It is hoped  to be up and running by 2014.

 It puts Lincolnshire and East  Yorkshire at the centre of the UK's moved towards renewable energy.

  Paul Murphy looks at the impact of this green revolution.

  These are what it is all about - each one bigger than the Eiffel  Tower.

 And the next five years, 7,000 will be planted in the North  Sea as part of the UK's renewable energy strategy, and this is where  they could soon be made.

 Alexandra Dock is whether proposed green port  will be built.

 It was one of more than 100 sites considered by  Siemens.

 The wind turbine factory is being seen as an economic change  for a region hit bad buy it in decline.

 We have finally turned the  corner.

 This is a huge industry coming to our doorstep, and it will  provide thousands of jobs for the area.

 Many of the world's turbines  are currently made by Siemens in Denmark.

 The company has long  realised it needs a better location.

 Hull is now the preferred site, and  one of the reasons for this is its proximity to the proposed turbine  fields.

 The three main ones being planned a within 12 hours' sailing  time from the port.

 The one certainty in life is that we'll  need power were going forward.

 We can't use fossil fuels to continue  doing that for many more years.

 Ha, with this announcement, has the  opportunity to attract the first big offshore wind turbine  manufacturing facility for the world's leading player.

 It is hoped  the arrival of Siemens we haven't ripple effect, providing business  for many other companies in the docks in Hull and further afield.

  This marine engineering company says it can easily adapt to the  needs of the renewable energy industry.

 From our perspective, we  are looking at providing our series in heavy engineering and obviously  servicing all the service vessels which will be required to support  the infrastructure.

 The process of making it all happen will include  consultation with people living near to the side.

 It is bang on the  doorstep here.

 Are there any concerns about the impact it will  have on the residential area? residential area should not really  be affected much.

 There going to handle these things sensibly.

 It  will have the added effect that it might improve the area, will --  with people moving into the area wanting houses.

 Before Siemens  fully connects contractually to this project, it will lead  assurance that it is investing in a world-class workforce and its  location.

 Paul joins me now.

 What needs to  happen for all of this to come to fruition? There are already people  in this project looking 20 years ahead and perhaps rightly so, such  is the scale of the announcement.

 But we are at the earliest stage.

  There is still no legally-binding contract.

 Siemens are a tough  customer.

 They will want assurance that we can deliver the  infrastructure and the skilled work force which will be so important  for operating the factory, against a backdrop of pressure.

 We have to  get this built by 2014 to deliver those turbines to the renewable  energy programme the Government has set, and that will mean that  everything will have to happen very quickly here but carefully as well.

  Thank you.

 The arrival of the Screen  Industries is being lauded as a golden opportunity to get thousands  of local people back into work.

 -- green industries.

 But, with one in  516 to 24 year-olds unemployed across the UK, do people here have  the right skills and education? Are typical Thursday and a steady  stream of people signing on at Hull's main JobCentre.

 Unemployment  is running at more than 7%, the third highest level in the country.

  Today's news could not have been more welcome.

 It will be very  important to get people back into work.

 Brilliant, yes.

 As long as  people do get jobs because that's all I want, a job.

 This could turn  things around for us all.

 I would definitely apply for it if it comes.

  For more than 200 years, the Humber port has depended on the fishing  industry be jobs and prosperity.

 But by the end of the 20th century,  the boom years had ended.

 Generations of whole families got  used to life on the dull.

 For the past 14 years, whole's children's  university has been trying to boost ambition and achievement among the  city's young.

 This announcement will certainly help.

 Whether you'll  become one labourer, a welder, an engineer, a designer, a researcher,  there is going to be something you can do on this new wind turbine  manufacturing investment today.

 This design is produced by our  second year.

.

.

 But there are already high levels of skill and  expertise in the city, especially at the University of Hull.

 Research  is very important in the university.

 We have existing relevant research  into the offshore wind industry, but we'll be able to do that that  with Siemens and other companies coming into the region.

 What we  hope to do is deliver internationally competitive  research in Hull.

 Today's announcement offers the first real  beacon of hope in years for the area's jobseekers.

 The authorities  have promised to do all they can to ensure local people have the right  skills to capitalise on this opportunity.

  We would like to know what do you think about the plans? How  convinced are you that the development will transform the  area? Maybe you are hoping to get a job in a new and blossoming green  sector.

 Get in touch in the usual We look forward to hearing from you.

  More energy is now produced from offshore wind farms in the UK than  anywhere else in the world.

 In the future, turbines made boost the  green output.

 But this is just the start of a green revolution for  this area.

 It is a case of location, location,  location for renewable industries.

 The Humber estuary has everything  they are looking for.

 It is already the busiest trading estuary in the  UK and is home to some of the country's biggest energy companies.

  It has one of the largest petroleum ports in Europe.

 It lands 20% of  the UK's natural gas and over 30% of the UK's coal imports.

 It  already plays a key role in supplying the UK with energy.

 But  there is potential for more.

 Potential for this region to become  a leader in renewable energy.

 Already, new technologies such as  wind, tidal, Solar and biofuels are all being developed here run the  Humber.

 Today's announcement about the green port for Hull is just the  start.

 There is a real hope that investing in green energy could  create massive opportunities on both the north and south banks of  the Humber.

 The impact, if this were to happen, could be  transforming, but it could do for local businesses, local people,  education, children.

 There is no doubt in my mind.

 It is again  changing event here.

 Let's hope we don't let this opportunity for by  the wayside.

 What else is coming our way? In March, this tidal  machine will be used to harness the energy of the waves in him River  Humber to power electricity.

 In July, the power of the Sun will be  harnessed in Lincolnshire in much the same way as it is here in  Europe,.

 The UK's brave first son park will we be at near Louth.

 And  the country's largest a biofuels development is in that Lincolnshire.

  It will be powered by a week from farmers in Lincolnshire and  Yorkshire.

 This is just the start of what many see as a green  revolution that this region.

 It Hull was the big winner today,  nor the Lincolnshire was the big loser.

 The South Humber bank had  been earmarked as a potential location for the Siv -- for the  Siemens factory.

 The decision has called for more discourse and for  the politicians and authorities on both sides of the Humber to work  together.

 Could the battle for offshore wind  energy jobs create a North-South divide on the Humber? Northern  Lincolnshire had high hopes of securing the first major  development, but the company behind this new marine energy park is  still optimistic about the future.

 It is a chance to perhaps turn the  harm by into the new Aberdeen and certainly in terms of the beast for  the UK manufacturing industry, the possibilities of new jobs is almost  unimaginable.

 If many companies are frustrated that politicians on both  side of bah humbug appear reluctant to work together, especially when  it comes to forming one of the Government's new enterprise  partnerships, which have been set up to create investment and attract  jobs to areas like this.

 Council leaders in Hull and the East Riding  have proposed teaming up with Scarborough to form a new Local  Enterprise Partnership.

 It may create an issue where we are not  presented as such bridge macro as as an attractive area as other  parts of the UK.

 Bosses at one Humber -- Humber shipping firm have  asked the Government to allow local businesses to form the Rome  partnership so they can make the most of this growing industry.

  Inevitably, whilst we want to attract investment on a regional  basis, we see the Humber, as you like, as the hub for that, each of  the unitary authorities inevitably at the end of the day and going to  be in competition when it comes down to individual schemes.

 So, a  plea for unity as the Humber ports to turn to cash in on the offshore  In the last few hours, Alan Johnson has stood down as the Shadow  Chancellor but he was here earlier to tell me the green port  development is the biggest the area has seen.

 There was no indication  of his plans to leave his role.

 is the most important development  for generations in Hull.

 I have likened it to North Sea oil for  Aberdeen and I do not think that is hyperbole.

 It is a huge for jobs  and prosperity.

 If you are watching somewhere in south Lincolnshire.

.

.

  It is really important.

 The job is to get it to the Humber as it means  we open up opportunities on both banks of the Humber to take this  further.

 Alan Johnson speaking earlier today.

  Our political editor, Tim Iredale, joins us now from the Octagon  Centre ate in Hull where Mr Johnson is due to attend a meeting tonight.

  This has come out of the blue, hasn't it? The timing is a shop,  coming on such a big day for Hull - - a shock.

 You heard Jim there  supporting bringing this project to Hull.

 But it was his role as the  Shadow Chancellor that raised a few eyebrows.

 When he got the job in  October, I remember he told us at look north that he was on a steep  learning curve.

 A there is an important message here.

  It is important to have a first from Oxford or Cambridge but it is  not a necessity and people from my background can get into politics  and it is important that they do.

 Alan Johnson has held some of the  biggest jobs in government, education secretary, Health  Secretary and Home Secretary but it was his role as shadow chancellor  way he made a few gaps recently.

 We do not know the exact reasons why  he has gone.

 He says it is for personal reasons.

 Let as a prompt  Ed Miliband.

 Alan Johnson was the right manned for the job.

 He has  stood down for personal reasons -- the right man.

 Everyone brings  great -- Ed Balls brings great expertise and I am looking forward  to working with him.

 I am at the Octagon Centre ate in the heart of  Alan Johnson's constituency and tonight he is due to address the  constituency Labour Party at 7 o'clock.

 There is no sign of him at  the moment but we await to hit his explanation.

 The former postman has  delivered a big shock to British politics.

  Indeed.

 Thank you for watching this Thursday night.

 Still ahead: The  pensioner bringing a DIY approach to rubbish management.

  I am at RAF College Cranwell where they are saying goodbye to their  Keep your pictures coming in.

 More pictures tomorrow night at the same  Hello.

 We have had a mixed picture today.

 The cloud should dissipate  later tonight and all of us should have a lovely sunny day tomorrow.

  Make the most of it because it looks like the weekend will be  cloudy.

 By the weekend, we will poll in a lot of cloud which will  be fit enough to produce pockets of drizzle but the emphasis is on a  lot of dry weather.

 The clout has been very annoying to date and has  sat across much of Lincolnshire all day long.

 To the north-west, it has  been a beautiful day.

 Mostly cloudy skies for Central Park's.

 To the  north-west, a lot of clear whether Patchy cloud around the Wash will  slowly disappear.

 At times, more extensive cloud for the North.

 Most  of us will have a nice day.

 After a cold start, temperatures will  struggle.

 Slightly below average for the time of year in whole.

  Slightly overcast and the risk of a It played a vital role in the cold  for serving as a nuclear deterrent.

 The Hawker Siddeley Dominie based  at RAF Cranwell has been retired early.

 Philip Norton was on board  one of its there will flights.

 A final fly-past or one of the  Royal Air Force's lesser known heroes.

 The Hawker Siddeley Dominie  has been in the skies for over 45 years training thousands of a crew.

  Today, it touched down for the final time.

 It was a fitting send-  off that there in formation to say goodbye a to it over Lincolnshire  where it has most often been based.

 It was a fantastic way to say  farewell.

 The aircraft was conceived as the RAF moved fully  into the jet age.

 It provided essential training for Britain's  Cold War bomber force and nuclear deterrent.

 On board, navigators  were taught how to cope with high speed, high altitude and jet  streams.

 With the advent of the some newer planes, the bombers were  purpose-built for that task.

 many years it was based at the now  disused based before moving to RAF College Cranwell.

 It had a vital  role.

 All none pilot a crew will have been on board at some point  for training.

 Today, it is flying oversights that he been important  for its history.

 This is where they do their radar training and visual  navigation.

 It is quite a steep learning quirk -- curve.

 The fly-  past include eat the Rolls-Royce factory.

 Keeping in close formation  there were fly-pasts at RAF stations including Lynam, High  Wycombe and Blunham providing crews on the ground with one last glimpse  of an aircraft with a special place in their hearts.

 He in the air  force, there have been many people who have flown in the plane at some  point.

 Cutbacks announced in the Government's strategic defence  review means There are no longer -- there is no longer the need.

 It's  final sortie is now into the history books.

  Some fantastic pictures.

 Three men have been charged in  connection with a vicious attack on another man in Louth town centre  last September.

 Father of two, Carl Frith, suffered serious head  injuries and is still recovering in hospital.

 The men will appear  before Skegness Magistrates next month.

  Ministers could abandon plans to give prisoners serving less than  four years the right to vote.

 It follows a long campaign by a former  Hull Prison inmate John Hirst.

 The Government had previously said  blocking the change could lead to compensation claims costing more  than £100 million.

 Plans to close a college in  Lincolnshire which has been one of the worst performing in England  will be discussed at a meeting tonight.

 The council is considering  shutting St Bede's Catholic Science College in Boston and expanding a  nearby secondary school onto the site.

  The manager of Lincoln City has admitted attracting new players to  the club is proving difficult.

 Steve Tilson is trying to  strengthen his squad, who are sitting four points adrift at the  foot of League Two and face a crucial game against Stockport at  the weekend.

 Today, they signed Notts County's Stephen Hunt for a  month but, as he told our sports reporter, others have not been so  A new fresh face.

 This is Stephen Hunt moments after signing with the  club for a month.

 It will be for nearly a quarter of the season.

  didn't want to sit on the bench for the rest of the season.

 That is  what was going on at Notts County.

 I live that side of Nottingham so,  geographically, it suits me.

 arrival is a relief for the boss as  he would -- found difficulties in bringing new men in.

 Way you are in  the league is not fantastic so it is difficult to attract players.

 It  is not ideal we have so many.

.

.

 You want to build a team of permanent  players.

 What are the attractions? The medieval castle and cathedral?  For the erudite football player, this is the home of retreat giant  Alfred Lord Tennyson.

 There are few better places then Lincoln to shop.

  That is my pitch for the city.

 But what about the manager's? It is a  case of coming and getting games to keep fit and to be in the shop  window if they are looking to get away.

 Any club looking to get in  loan players, that will be the biggest thing.

 He is continuing his  search and his priority for the game against Stockport on Saturday  is a goalkeeper.

 If you want something doing, do it  yourself, that was the motto of Alan Cresswell and when it comes to  his rubbish in Bourne, the former RAF pilot is now practising what he  preaches.

 Alan Cresswell sometimes struggles  when to remember his next been collection.

 His memory is not what  it used to be as he is in his Nineties.

 But instead of waiting,  he does something about it.

 I tie it on and take it down to the tip.

  It is simply because of my stupidity and forgetfulness.

 Either  the rubbish piles up or I get rid of it so I get rid of it.

 Alan has  already been doing this hour-long trip to the tip and back for almost  a year, mostly for his garden clippings.

 So many people on the  telly say, my rubbish isn't collected and there are photographs  of piles of rubbish.

 If I do it on a buggy, I'm sure people could do  it in their car.

 That is my attitude.

 Maybe his fighting spirit  comes from the fact he used to be a Second World War RAF pilot.

 Among  the 17 different a craft he flew work Hurricanes, Wellingtons and  Halifax bombers.

 But now his wheelie bin antics have brought  national interest -- interest and renewed public regard.

 Superstar!  He is a wonderful chap and it is amazing he is doing stuff like that  at his age.

 So, from a war veteran to a new war on waste.

  Home again and don't forget if you have a story you think we should  cover, think of us first and send us an e-mail as usual.

  Let us recap the main national and regional headlines: Alan Johnson  steps down as Labour's shadow chancellor citing family reasons.

  10,000 jobs could be created as Siemens commit to the humbug to  build a multi-million pound wind turbine factory.

  The weather for tomorrow is dry with light north-westerly winds.

  A response coming in on the story of the Green Investment in the  Humber.

 From John: Some good news at last and jobs for locals.

 We  hope this paves the way to repair a local economy.

  This from David, you are having a laugh if you think thousands of  jobs will go to locals.

 This one and from Jess who says it  is fantastic news.

 Bangs and congratulations to all who have  worked so hard to bring the Investment here.

  Another, let us hope they sort out

 Hello, good evening.

 After a week  of political turmoil, the Irish Prime Minister is standing down as  leader of the ruling Fianna Fail party.

 He said he will lead the  party until elections in March.

 Ireland's economic woes have put  him under pressure culminating in the near collapse of his Government  last week.

 This report from Mark Simpson contains flash photography.

  Brian Cowen is clinging onto his job as Irish Prime Minister tonight,  even though he's lost the leadership of Ireland's largest  party.

 The economic crisis in Dublin has created political  turmoil.

 During weeks of in- fighting Mr Cowen has come under  pressure to stand down as leader of the Fianna Fail party and this  afternoon he finally did so.

 Taking everything into account, and having  discussed the matter with my family, I have decided on my own counsel to  stand down as leader of Fianna Fail.

 My intention now is to concentrate  fully on Government business and on continuing to implement the  recovery plan.

 My decision will allow the Fianna Fail Parliamentary  party elect a new leader to contest the general election and ensure the  party fights that campaign in a united and determined manner.

  general election is due to be held in seven weeks' time on March 11th.

  By then, the Fianna Fail party will have a new leader, most likely the  former foreign minister Michael Martin.

 Opposition parties in  Dublin say the election can't wait, there must be one immediately.

 The  political crisis comes less than two months after Ireland negotiated  a huge international bail out to try to rescue its economy.

 Those  who agreed to lend Ireland money, including the UK will be hoping  that political stability returns here soon.

  The head of the independent commission which is looking into  the future of British banks has called for major changes in the way  they operate.

 Sir John Vickers says he's considering ringfencing banks  investment and retail operations to reduce the risks when they fail.

  Critics say that would risk damaging the UK's competitive edge.

  To prevent another financial crisis some of Britain's biggest banks may  face the prospect of being separated in some form.

 Breaking  them up entirely is still on the drawing board for the body charged  to ensure that they are never bailed out by tax payers.

 The  chairman said Britain's biggest banks still assumed that the state  would rescue them if another crisis occurred.

 Systemically important  institutions now have an implicit state guarantee for risk taking  activities particularly those related to and or inseperable from  retail banking.

 This distortion, which is also a distortion to  competition, important point, competition with other institutions,  should be neutralised or contained.

 He's not convinced that being a big  global bank is less risky.

 He think that's a bank's structure should  change and that investment banking decisions should be financially  separated from the retail side, including currents accounts and  mortgages.

 He says investors in a bank and not tax payers should bail  it out if things go wrong.

 Banks should be rescued by existing  investors rather than governments.

 The commission think that's new  stricter rules on how much reserves a bank should have are not strict  enough.

 That's unlikely to go down well with banks, who may be forced  to set aside even larger sums of money or capital, which could run  the risk of scaring them away from London.

 I don't think the UK is  going to be daft enough to do something that is radically  different from others and so prejudice both its economy and  prejudice employment.

 I'm sure we won't.

 The unwanted side effect of  reining in banking activities could be a restriction in mortgage  lenders or a rise in charges to you and me.

 Those hoping to break up  the banks may end up paying for it.

 Police in Bristol are questioning a  32-year-old man for a third day on suspicion of murdering the  landscape architect Jo Yeates.

 He's believed to be the Dutch architect  Vincent Tabak, who lived in a neighbouring flat to Miss Yeates.

  Our correspondent Alison Moss is outside the property for us.

 What  is the latest then? Well, it's evident today that this murder  investigation is still very much ongoing.

 Earlier this morning,  forensic officers arrived at the property here in Canynge Road.

  About an hour-and-a-half ago they left carrying large bags filled  with evidence.

 Jo Yeates' neighbour, 32-year-old Vincent Tabak, is  believed to be the man being held by the police.

 He was arrested on  Thursday morning and detectives have until this evening to continue  questioning him.

 After that, they have three options: They can  release Mr Tabak.

 They can charge him or they can apply to the court  for further time to detain him.

 David Cameron has begun the search  for a new Director of Communications after yesterday's  resignation of Andy Coulson over the phone hacking allegations at  the News of the World.

 There have been further calls today for the  Metropolitan Police to carry out a thorough investigation into phone  hacking.

 Andy Coulson leaving home this  morning.

 He's not an elected politician, certainly not a  household name.

 But he's been one of the Prime Minister's most  trusted advisors.

 Valued for his tabloid touch and right-wing  insticts, admirers credit Mr Coulson with overhauling the  Conservative's communication strategy.

 They found someone in  Andy Coulson that they could trust over personal difficulties as well  as political ones.

 David Cameron in particular, built a close  relationship with Andy Coulson.

 That's quite hard to replicate.

 You  can find the skills, if you can find the combination you're lucky.

  Then finding the trust, building the trust, that will be hard.

  Coulson was taken on just six months after he resigned from the  News of the World.

 He denied any knowledge of phone tapping at the  paper.

 David Cameron knew it was a controversial appointment and that  his own judgment could be questioned.

 It was a risk he was  willing to take.

 Legal action against the News of the World by a  number of public figures has led it a drip, drip of new allegations,  the idea that a single rogue reporter was responsible for the  phone hacking has been widely disputed.

 Andy Coulson's departure,  far from drawing a line under it, it will mean there is now greater  focus on the issues to do with the way the News of the World operates,  the BSkyB takeover and the role of the police in this is now going to  get centre stage.

 The Crown Prosecution Service is now re-  examining all the police evidence from their original inquiry.

 Andy  Coulson's career at Number Ten is over, but the investigation into  tabloid phone hacking certainly isn't.

  Talks in Istanbul between six world powers and Iran over its nuclear  programme, have broked up without progress.

 Lady ash ton said Iran  was not ready and had requested pre-conditions.

 No new talks have  been arranged.

 A Amanda Knox has peered in court  in Italy for the first time in, for the latest hearing in her appeal  against the conviction of the murder of British student Meredith  Kercher.

 Independent forensic experts will have 90 days to review  the evidence that led to Knox's conviction.

 Her legal team argue  that DNA evidence used in her trial was flawed.

 Now to sport.

 Kenny  Dalglish has won his first game since taking over as Liverpool  manager.

 They beat Wolves 3-0 at Molineux in the earlier Premier  Molineux in the earlier Premier League match.

 In a much improved  performance, Fernando Torres scored twice and a stunning volley from  Raul Meireles ensured Liverpool move up to tenth in the table.

  Hearts are up to second in the SPL after a win over champions Rangers.

  Ryan Stevenson scored the only goal to move above them in the table.

  Hearts play leaders sell ter on -- Celtic on Wednesday.

  Andy Murray breezed into the last 16 of the Australian open tennis  after a punishing straight sets win over Spaniard Guillermo Garcia-  Lopez.

 He'll now play 11th seed Jurgen Melzer for a place in the  quarter finals.

 Say what you like about Andy Murray,  and many do, while he wail never win prizes for on-court sartorial  elegance, most believe his tennis will cut sufficient dash to land  him a Grand Slam title.

 The evidence was all there today as he  dispatched Guillermo Garcia-Lopez, the 3 2nd seed as if he was a  qualifier.

 At times, it was almost embarrassingly one sided.

  The foundation for it, as it often is, was the Murray serve.

 When it's  finely tuned, so is the rest of his game.

 This was also a day on which  almost everything went his way.

 Importantly, he capitalised every  time.

 His straight sets victory took  under an hour-and-a-half to

 here on the BBC.

 For now, from  Hello, good afternoon.

 Fierce fights has been reported in the  Libyan did I of Zawiya, west of Tripoli.

 Witnesses claimed that  forces loyal to Colonel Gaddafi have entered Zawiya, after  overcoming opposition positions.

 Rebel fighters say that they have  driven them back.

 Heavy casualties have been reported.

 Robls -- rebels  are claiming to have driven Colonel Gaddafi's troops to the east of  Tripoli.

 Wyre Davies is in Tripoli and sent  this report.

 Anti-government fighters,  celebrating in the city of Ras Lanuf, to the east of Tripoli.

  Clearly showing their contempt for the man who has ruled Libya for who  years.

 This port city with its oil refinery was taken back from pro-  Colonel Gaddafi troops in fierce fighting.

 In the east of the  country, anti-government forces are feeling confident to push out  slowly to other key Colonel Gaddafi strongholds like the city of Sirte.

  The screen in the West is different where, the Government troops appear  to have the upper hand.

 The town of alZawiya has been under attack from  Colonel Gaddafi loifls for the last two days as they regain ground lost  to the rebels.

 Footage released by the government claims to show its  tanks taking up key positions in the town.

 They say it is under  government control, a claim denied by Colonel Gaddafi's opponents.

  Other official pictures show militia and many of them loyal to  the government, apparently taking the key airfield of almiss ratty.

  As we saw yesterday in one suburb outside of Tripoli, the Colonel  Gaddafi regime is clearly determined to stamp out with  ruthless force discent or opposition, this is an author tear  ain regime determined to hang on to power.

 Tripoli may be quiet, but  most of the city and other areas are under the control of an  increasingly confident regime, but Libya is a divided country, across  hundreds of miles of desert, the eastern areas are under the control  of anti-government forces, at this stage, neither side appears to have  the capacity or the ability to take control of the whole of the country.

  As we have been hearing, rebels are claiming to have driven government  troops from the oil port of Ras Lanuf, to the east of Tripoli.

 The  BBC's Nick Springate is there for us.

 Nick, what is the latest?  Maxine, the fighting raged all last night outside of Ras Lanuf around  the airport.

 There was much artillery, the opposition forces  pushed the Colonel Gaddafi soldiers out of Ras Lanuf at midnight.

 We  are now speaking from the centre of the small oil Tony.

 We have been  told that who miles from where I am speaking from k the fighting  continues but this town has been taken over by the opposition forces,  slowly getting their weapons and vehicles together, looking and  moving towards the next major streak town of Sirte, Colonel  Gaddafi's home town.

 Thank you very much.

  The governor of the Bank of England, Mervyn King, says that Britain fis  faces another financial crisis in the banks do not put in proper  reform.

 He said that the too big to fail problem has not been -- bon  solved, adding that banks are trying to maximise short-term pro-  ities at the expense of customers.

 The banking industry responded  insisting it has undergone top to bottom reforms.

  Hugh Pym has this report.

 The governor's blunt remarks were  made weeks after the Chancellor signed an agreement with the banks  called Project Merlin in return for lending more and showing restraint  on bonuses, the banks were given assurances that there would be no  further unilateral action on pay and profits.

 Now Mervyn King in his  Daily Telegraph interview, suggests that the banks' priority is to  maximise profits next week.

 He says that banks have thought over two  decades, if it possible to make money out of gullible or  unsuspecting customers that is acceptable, the governor suggests  that other firms care more about their customers and staffs than  banks do, that small business customers of banks have lost out.

  On the subject of bangsers' pay, Mervyn King ask: You do the banks  want to pay bonuses? Because they live in a too big to fail world, in  which the state bails them out on the down side.

  We have said that we have to improve the regulation in the  banking sector, the reason that we set up the international Banking  Commission, looking at a range of aspects as to how the financial  services industry works and a new authority to look at consumer  protection.

 The governor's comments have  significance, as regulation of banking is set to move back to the  Bank of England from the Financial Services Authority.

  Well, the Chancellor's in Cardiff, he is there where the Conservatives  are meeting for their spring conference.

 He has been talking  about Mervyn King's comments.

 Ross Hawkins is in Cardiff for us,  what has he been saying, Ross? the Treasury sources have been  emphasising that they think there is no disagreement between the  Chancellor and the governor.

 In that interview, give no-one the  last hour, the chart was pointing out he is putting Mervyn King in  charge of banking regulation, dealing with the problem of banks  being too big to fail, but the Chancellor wanted to talk about  growth.

 His idea he announced is something that he tried in the 80s,  enterprise zones with lower taxes for businesses to come to areas and  create jobs.

 Critics say they are expensive, but the Chancellor think  it is can make the economy bigger.

 Here, the Conservatives have said  that this the challenge.

 The Magistrates' Association has  criticised plans from the Justice Secretary, Ken Clarke, to increase  the use of bail for suspects

 Culture, they want to live in an  Good evening.

 Here are the headlines: Population control,  Guernsey wants your views on housing, work permits and much more.

  Plus, the silver screen is here to stay.

 Victory for conservationists  as a Jersey cinema will not be developed.

 And meet the Channel  Islands' latest sporting hero.

 World Champion bowler Alison  Merrien.

 It is your island, so have your say  on how many people live there.

 Guernsey State is calling on  islanders to join the debate on population management.

 After  research into housing and employment, a set of proposals are  released today.

 What happens next? That is up to you.

  There are 62,000 people living on this 24 squeal -- 24 Square Mile  Island.

 Finding the right balance is one of the island's major  challenges.

 There is no my commission -- mechanism in place  for us to manage population.

 We were challenged to go away and  bring forward a proposal for the public.

 If someone wants to live  here because it is lovely, fair on them, it is lovely.

 It is hard to  get staff.

 You spend a lot of time trying to liaise to get jobs for  local people.

 But you also have to be aware that we need foreign  workers for certain sectors.

 One of the proposed changes is to  introduce employment permits.

 At the moment, there are short-term  licences and essential licences which can be anything up to 15  years.

 The plan is to have a system which you can either have a permit  for one year, for my tears or seven years.

 After seven years, you could  carry on working in Guernsey and once you complete 40 years -- 14  years, you become locally qualified.

 I am at Fort George, one of the  areas where properties are typically exempt from house in  control, but usually much more expensive than those on the local  market.

 There is a misconception that most people living on the open  market are wealthy and typically elderly.

 But from this report, an  interesting statistic reveals that the majority are aged between 20  and 35.

 The average earnings that they make are much less than the  rest of the island.

 Despite the recent speculation, this document  says that there are no plans to change the open market system.

  Likewise, no plans to change the rules for locals to move away and  wish to return.

 These are just proposals for anything to happen.

  The state's need you use for anything to happen.

 -- the state's  need your fears.

 There will be no new luxury offices  overlooking Jersey's town park.

 Instead, a grey concrete building  will stay put.

 Plans to redevelop the former Odeon cinema have been  turned down.

 Conservationists say the picture house is an important  symbol of the island's cultural heritage.

  60 years ago, this building brought hope and glamour to an island that  had been devastated by war.

 Donald remembers the opening of the Odeon  cinema.

 He still has a brochure from their very first showing.

  used to pass it every day.

 I could not wait for it to be finished so  that we could go and see the first film, which turned out to be the  importance Of being Earnest.

 That sparkle has faded.

 Developers have  been pushing to demolish the cinema to make way for flats and parking  to transform this end of town.

 The Planning Minister has now said that  will not happen.

 The law requires me to make a decision on whether  the building has architectural and historic merit.

 There is no doubt  that it has architectural and historic merit from the  representations I have received.

 The former cinema will stay but  what do islanders think should be done with it? If they want to keep  it, keep it.

 Maybe turn it into a skating rink or something.

 I think  it is ugly and they could do with knocking it down and building a  multi-storey or something.

 owners, Le Masurier, say they have  no plans to sell the building.

 have already concluded that it is  not suitable as in National Gallery, theatre or arts centre.

 The  building will remain vacant and unused.

 The future is unsure for  one of Jersey's most controversial buildings.

 It seems that future for  this part of town has an ending all of its own.

  Alderney, Jersey and Sarko will all have days off to mark the royal  wedding between Prince William and Kate Middleton.

 The government  became the latest to grant 29th April a public holiday today.

 There  were some concerns over how much it would cost the island.

 The states  are due to make their decision next week.

 Is it time that Jersey  diversified its economy? One finance expert thinks so.

 Brian  O'Reilly told a breakfast meeting that Jersey relies too heavily on  the finance sector, and should look to other industries in the long  term.

 You could combine the financial services strength of  Jersey with young start-up tech companies from the UK.

 That could  be a very productive investments.

 Not just for the start-up, but also  for the Jersey economy, and terms of getting a more diversified  economy.

 -- in terms of.

 After last year's decision not to build a new  incinerator, rubbish is mounting up in Jersey.

 It has to go somewhere.

  -- in Guernsey.

 Jersey would be happy to take it.

 That is according  to the man in charge of their new incinerator, Brighter Futures.

 --  their new incinerator, La Collette.

 At full speed, this incinerator is  capable of processing 100 tonnes of waste a year, more than Jersey  produces.

 Could the extra space help to solve this problem?  Guernsey's are growing rubbish mound.

 They Ireland needs to reduce  the amount going to landfill and it seems the answer to the problem  could be staring at us from across the sea.

  In terms of engineering, there are benefits.

 The Channel Islands could  work together on this.

 The challenge is whether we get  political approval.

 We will need to get both Ireland working together.

  -- both islands working together.

 Guernsey may be looking at a  strategy based on re-using and recycling as much of our waste as  possible but there will always be some leftover.

 So could sending it  to Jersey be the right option? have got our next stage of the  consultation in a couple of weeks' time.

 The issue of exporting will  be part of the consultation.

 It will be put into the next and it  will be an option.

 We will look at it.

 -- put into their necks.

 The  decision on whether to send ways to Jersey is one that the states will  have to make.

 There are concerns that the historic rivalry between  the islands could put a stop to the deal.

  Calling all brainy axe, how you can join a quiz to raise money for an  air ambulance.

 It doesn't get much attention as  other sports like rugby a football, but bowls has provided us with our  latest sporting hero.

 -- rugby or football.

 Alison Merrien is the  World Matchplay champion and as of today, the singles.

 -- the singles  champion.

 Karen Murphy and Alison Merrien! After missing out in  previous years, it was the game that she knew she had to win.

 Just  after 1pm this afternoon, Alison Merrien made her bid for success.

  Taking on a strong Australian competitor.

 Playing every day, it  makes a difference.

 It keeps you used to different places.

 You have  more chances of finding it on the day.

 After losing in the last two  finals, she dominated in the first SAT, winning 9-5 after collapsing  to a 11-0 loss in the second.

 But she fought back.

 From 1-0 down in  the tie-break.

 This title follows her success in the mixed pairs  title with her partner earlier this week.

 A stunning competition.

  Staying with sport, Lee Merrien was named outstanding performer of the  year at Guernsey's Sports Commission Awards last night.

 He  could not collect the award in person as he is away training.

 A  number of other teams and individuals were recognised  including Jeremy Frith and table tennis star Alice Loveridge, who  won the award for outstanding won the award for outstanding  individual sports man and woman.

 Time for Arad standing weather  forecaster.

 -- hour at outstanding weather forecaster.

  Lot of cloud around.

 Just enough holes in the clouds to let frost  appear.

 Also, the risk of showers.

 More cloud coming our way.

 This  wind is clipping the Channel Islands on its way westwards.

 Cloud  throughout the day tomorrow.

 In fact, also into the weekend.

 We are  expecting more cloud.

 Initially tonight, there will be enough clear  skies to let temperatures get low.

 Probably as low as two or three  degrees.

 The risk of frost.

 Tomorrow, all that cloud coming in.

  Expect a cloudy day and a hint of passing showers.

 For most of us,  dry with a top temperature of six.

 A forecast for the weekend is  cloudy.

 Through Friday, we may have some breaks in the cloud.

 Still the  risk of showers.

 On Saturday, the cloud is generally increasing  throughout the day.

 Possibly some morning sunshine clouding over.

  Sunday will be windy and cloudy with the risk of showers.

 By Monday,  northern winds, but still cold and

 Hello and welcome to BBC Oxford  News.

 In tonight's programme: On trial, the senior police officer  accused of arson and fraud.

 Jim Trotman was in charge of policing  in Oxford.

 It's claimed he set fire to his car but said it was his  lover's husband.

 Also, danger on the roads, how  thieves who are stealing drain covers are putting lives at risk.

  hit that I could go underneath a car.

 Something needs to be done  quickly before there is an accident.

 And in South Today:  He thought it would take him anywhere but this disabled man has  One of the box which has most senior police officers has gone on  trial accused of arson, fraud and perverting the course of justice.

  Jim Trotman is alleged to have set fire to his own car, allowing his  lover's husband to be blamed.

 Jim Trotman is currently suspended  from his role as Thames Valley Police's head of strategic  development.

 He went on trial accused of arson.

 The prosecution  say he set fire to his family car in Boars Hill near Oxford in  October 2009.

 It says he parked here to visit his lover, the wife  of a local solicitor.

 He told detectives he believed he was  getting threatening e-mails from the woman's husband.

 The  prosecution accused him of perverting the course of justice as  it said -- he said they did nothing to stop him being arrested on  suspicion of arson.

 He faces two counts of fraud as claimed nearly  £20,000 insurance.

 The prosecution says it will have to convince the  jury Chief Inspector Trotman was responsible for setting fire to his  own car.

 They can use computers and mobile phone records.

 The trial is  expected to last two weeks.

 He denies all charges.

 He remains  suspended on full pay.

 The trial continues.

  Drivers and cyclists have been put to endanger on several main roads  in up to judge by thieves who have stolen drain covers.

 It is thought  they will sell them for scrap.

 The holes have been covered by a  traffic cones to warn of the danger.

 The council says it will cost  £20,000 to replace them.

 Yet another hazard for drivers on  an already trade just stretch of road.

 In the last three years there  have been 100 accidents on this road between Wallingford and  Reading.

 Cyclists often have to swerve to avoid the holes.

 If I hit  that I could go underneath a car, and all my safety equipment, Hamed,  is of no help because they would be dead.

 -- helmet.

 Jan Clarke has to  tow her snap party this lay-by each morning.

 She is one of thousands of  drivers having to keep to the middle of the rate to to avoid the  cones.

 The if everybody is in the middle of the road, there will be  an accident.

 It is a fast, busy road.

 Some of the bollards have  fallen inside and you cannot see much sticking at the top.

 Some have  been knocked across the road, into the cheese.

 Something needs to be  done before there is an accident.

 Dashed into the ditches.

 To main  roads have also been targeted by what the police believe are  organised gangs.

 Maybe they are wearing fluorescent jackets and  people might think they are council workers, but would they be here in  the middle of the right -- in the middle of the night without setting  up traffic lights? Anything suspicious, we are aged people to  telephone the police because we really need to catch these people  doing this.

 They will get just a few hundred pounds when they sell  the covers on for scrap.

 It will cost the council £20,000 to replace  all of them.

 At a time when its budget is being cut by millions.

  A former Tory peer has gone on trial accused of making false  expenses claims for a house in Oxford.

 Lord Taylor of Warwick  claimed his main residence was in Oxford when he was living in London.

  He has admitted he never stayed at the Oxford House where he's half  nephew lift.

 Three bogus builders he made £1  million by conning householders in Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire and  several other counties have been convicted of fraud.

 Nicholas Harris,  Mark Dixon and Matthew Higgins, all from Gloucester, took deposits from  customers but didn't complete a single contract.

 They will be  sentenced for conspiracy to defraud at a later date.

  The new Bishop of Reading has been getting a feel for his new job and  the change of scenery it involves.

 Right Reverend Andrew Proud has  been based in effect Africa but from April he will represent the  Church of England in Berkshire and Oxfordshire -- in East Africa.

  Meeting his new flock, or should that be heard, in the heart of his  new patch.

 The Right Reverend Andrew Proud's visit to this farm  was one of his first ahead of his official start as Bishop of Reading  and in tough economic times he knows he will have a lot to deal  with.

 For the job of supporting people -- the job of supporting  people.

 Surrey, we have a problem with that report.

 -- I am sorry.

  People living near Milton Keynes have taken an unusual step to stop  the library from been closed.

 They have withdraw all 16,000 books.

 The  Friends of Stony Stratford library hope the protest will keep the  library open.

 They could be close as parts of budget cuts at Milton  Keynes council.

 We will have a report about library protests on  Thursday when several high-profile speakers will be talking at a  meeting in Oxford.

 If you have a view on the closures we would love  to hear from me.

 -- from you.

  Campsfield House Immigration Centre has made the headlines after  protests by detainees and people who want it closed down.

 There was  opened near Kidlington 17 years ago.

 On Inside Out tonight we meet  campaigners who have protested at the centre every week since it was  built and a Jamaican who says he Bring the 10 years too long banner.

  Meet Liz and bears.

 Among Britain's most enduring protesters, with a  houseful of banners they are demanding the closure of Oxfords  immigration removal centre.

 Oxford's.

 We are getting used to it  after 17 years.

 17 years of doing this.

 How often do you protest?  Every month.

 Without fail? Do you have in this one? Never.

 For me it  was going there and thinking, people are locked up in here, this  is a prison.

 I am looking at a prison.

 It is a detention centre  holding more than 200 men awaiting deportation to stop some have been  there for more than one year, but the average stay is much shorter.

  Detention is an important part of our strategy so if somebody will  not leave foreign thoroughly we will detain them in order to retain  them.

 -- Brian Kirk -- voluntarily.

 We cannot accept this is going on  in the country we are living in.

 It is wrong to lock-up innocent people.

  We don't have all the answers.

 What we can do is point out something  that is wrong.

 If you ask me for the solution, I cannot give you the  answers, that is the point of talking about it.

 It is a very  important part of our detention estate.

 It has been with us for a  number of years and we are committed to maintaining a presence  there for the future.

 I understand why people want to close their eyes  to it and did want to see it, they don't want to see things which are  comfortable.

 You can see the full version of the report on Inside Out  tonight.

 He has also been to meet an engineer from Buckinghamshire  who uses his technical skills in an unusual way.

 As well as building  the smallest and lowest cars Perry Watkins has also made the world's  fastest furniture, all in his garage near Aylesbury.

 You can see  both stories on BBC One tonight at 7:30pm.

  We can return to our story about the new Bishop of Reading.

  Meeting his new flock, or should that be heard, in the heart of his  new patch.

 The Right Reverend Andrew Proud's visit to this farm  was one of his first ahead of his official start as Bishop of Reading.

  And in tough economic times he knows he will have a lot to deal  with.

 The job is supporting people.

 I can  understand it is a time of economic crisis globally.

 People are living  with more debt, unemployment, all sorts of issues.

 I think the Church  is one of those organisations which is very well placed at the  grassroots to do something really positive to help them.

 Two days was  a top store is designed so he can get to know his new patch --  today's whistle-stop tour.

 He is currently area bishop of Ethiopia  and the Horn of Africa.

 He has been in the country for nearly a decade.

  How will he adapt to a different kind of life? There are things that  I have learnt in Africa at which will be transferable.

 It has been  part of the worldwide Anglican Communion and will be very  different, but we are very excited at the prospect of coming back to  be serving in this area and working in Oxfordshire.

 As his visit to the  County drew to a close the Wellington boots were coming off  and the hard work is only just beginning.

  Football and it has been revealed Oxford United would be taking a  summer trip to the USA.

 It will be the first overseas for more than 20  years.

 Before them they could again be play-off found.

 They are back in  contention.

 -- play-off bound.

 It is not often you see 18 get a  standing ovation at half-time when they are trailing but that is what  their performance against Bradford merited.

 The Yorkshire side lead  with a goal from any significant attack but if it is goals that  count, Oxford had what it takes.

 They played well throughout.

 Steve  Maclean's equaliser was messy but deserved.

 This when there was  untidy but sealed their 6th win in seven games.

 -- this victory.

  tried to open them up.

 As any neutral can take away the points.

  Wycombe also came from behind to claim three points in League Two.

  Trailing to an earlier opener they found their way back thanks to this  free-kick and the same man would win it for Wycombe.

 He was afforded  the luxury of a missed penalty.

 In League One MK Dons were clearly  fired up when they returned to the field after the half-time break  against Tranmere.

 They fired themselves back into his play-off  contention.

 A goal from the restart by Danny Power or help stretch a  good restart.

 -- Pat all.

 He was nice to play good football  and get three points.

 -- it was nice.

  Swindon's downfall against Yeovil,

 Thanks George.

 Welcome to East  Midlands Today with Dominic Heale and me, Anne Davies.

  and me, Anne Davies.

 and me, Anne Davies.

  Our top story tonight.

 Life for a man who murdered and mutilated his  partner.

 Julie Mubvumba's family were in  court to hear the shocking details of her death.

 It is one of the most  horrible things your ears can ever here.

 It is very difficult to  understand what went on in his head to do that.

 Also tonight.

 Wheels of  industry.

 The local firms riding high thanks to overseas sales.

  Plus, in court, and now under curfew for throwing snowballs.

  Maybe if they spend a little bit less time taking the but caught for  snowballs they would have more money to spend.

  The glitter balls and sequence are back as the stands prepare for  Strictly Come Dancing, the live Good evening.

 Our top story tonight,  a man's been sentenced to life in prison for the horrific murder of  his partner.

 35-year-old Archibold Gurure from Leicester murdered  Julie Mubvumba and then mutilated her body.

 The police have described  Gurure as cold blooded and vindictive, a man driven by  jealousy.

 Our reporter Helen Astle was in court all day and joins us  now.

 Believing.

 It has been a very  difficult day for Julie's family.

 At one point has and left the court  room in tears.

 What happened here in this flat behind me, we know far  too much about.

 It was gruesome.

 It was horrific.

 Almost one year since  she was killed, the question still haunting Julie Mubvumba's family  his wife.

 He pleaded guilty to her murder.

  Archibold Gurure was described as a jealous, obsessive man.

 In March,  the volatile relationship reached a climax.

 Fuelled by alcohol, he  killed her.

 Details of what happened to Julie were read out in  court.

 I cannot tell you the full story because it is too dramatic.

 I  can tell you that he beat her around the head and face and tried  to strangle her.

 After he had killed her, he referred the  mutilated her body.

 He cut off her Reading ring finger and removed her  liver.

 To receive a phone call and to be told that your family member  has been lost in such a brutal and violent manner really is one of the  most horrible things your ears can ever here.

 You cannot really get  into a killer's mind and see why somebody would go to that extent  and do that sort of thing at all.

 It is difficult to understand what  went on in his head to do it.

 was inspirational to friends and  family and we will miss her.

 Julie's son describes his mum as  his best friend but few words can describe a Archibold Gurure.

  Hopefully he is sitting there and he digests just how much of a  lifetime's worth of changes have been made for our family.

  addressing Archibold Gurure, the judge said nobody will ever know  exactly how Julie died.

 You may know, but if you do, you're not  saying.

 Archibold Gurure showed no emotion as he was sentenced to life  in prison.

 He will serve a minimum of 18 years.

  The export slump in the East Midlands.

 Figures suggest we are  lagging behind when it comes to the export of manufactured goods like  these bicycles behind us.

 Some companies are being urged to wake  up and take advantage of overseas trade.

 The government says exports  are vital to economic recovery.

 Mike O'Sullivan has been to that by  business.

 Getting bigger abroad.

 This bike  manufacture is riding high.

 A new website has made a difference, set  up with a grant from the Government's regional advisers on  overseas trade.

 Exports have increased by 250% since last July.

  The boss believes the world has to be told but we can do a great job.

  It is a shame because there are a lot of little companies like  ourselves fighting to keep going in these rough times.

 It is a shame,  really.

 I think people throughout the world do not really realise how  well an English company can make a good product.

 The exporter of  manufactured goods fell by 3% in the year to September.

 In the UK  they went up by around 12%.

 In the West Midlands there was a big  increase of 25%.

 The government team that promote the export trade  in our region has been cut by nine staff members.

 The grants have  survived.

 It is claimed some businesses are missing out on  exports.

 Many companies may be doing business in Europe where the  levels of growth are not what might be seen in a higher growth markets  like China and India and perhaps some of the Latin American markets.

  After surviving the recession -- after surviving the recession, the  wheel of Fortune is trading -- turning this company's way.

 He must  not be complacent.

 You have to go out and fight for it.

 The company  is now looking to increase its workforce.

  Good for them! Still to come on the programme.

.

.

  Among its many other things, we have the weather forecast.

  It may be dull, but Des is not.

 You have to have something to smile  about when it comes to the weather.

 Thank you.

 It may be wet but at  least we have higher temperatures.

 We do not have anybody to hand us  jackets! Nottingham's secondary schools have  been rated the 7th worth in England.

 -- 7th worst in England.

  Rutland is our top performing local authority.

 Leicestershire comes in  at number 69, followed by Derby and Derbyshire.

 Lower down are  Nottinghamshire and Leicestershire.

 Near the foot of the list is  Nottingham, which is 145th.

 Only six local education authorities are  below Nottingham.

 An A-level maths class at the  Nottingham Academy.

 This school site is combined with another  secondary school which used to have one of the worst academic records  in Nottingham.

 Now, as one government funded school, it has  one of the best records.

 Since the change to the Nottingham Academy  there has been a lot of discipline involved and it is easy to  concentrate on work.

 It is quite straight but it teaches people to  be ready for the world.

 The teachers are really helpful and I  like that.

 They offer so much different courses like vocational  and academic.

 There is something for everybody.

 Without discipline  in a school at nothing else is possible.

 With discipline you can  do anything.

 You can help youngsters achieved the highest of  standards.

 Teachers can teach to would outstanding level.

 It is a  less than Barry Day believes will benefit many council-run schools.

  One measure of their results places than 145th out of 152 authorities  in England.

 The man in charge of education says things are improving.

  Our results show a steady improvement over the last five  years.

 The level of Haiti C grades include English and maths, alas  improvement has been double that of the other authorities.

 I am not  complacent about would like to congratulate our schools on the  improvement we have seen.

 Metal theft in Derbyshire has gone  up by 150%.

 Churches like this one in Brailsford have been helped --  hit along with school than cemeteries.

 There were more than  700 better over a 12 month period.

 Behind global demand for scrap  metal seems to be fuelling the crime wave.

  Residents from a group of a villages has started a permission  it -- petition against an application to build homes.

 The  developments which have been submitted to Harborough District  Council could destroy their way of life.

  Work has begun to install two wind turbines at East Midlands airport.

  It is hoped they will produce around 5% of the airport's  electricity and save 300 tonnes of carbon every year.

 They will be  located on site near the airport's headquarters.

  The owner of a cut -- the owner of a cat and cut in half then dumped  behind a petrol station has a spoken of his shock at finding his  pet this way.

 The cat was discovered in  Nottinghamshire.

 Milo and Tooley were born two years  ago and were taught by their owner.

 Milo is missed by the entire family.

  He used to jump up on me and everything.

 He was a really loving  cat.

 I feel guilty for letting him out.

 He might have still been with  us.

 Milo disappeared on 16th September and it was not until the  22nd that half for pin was found behind his petrol station.

 The  pictures are too distressing to show.

 The RSPCA believes a knife  was used to cut in in two.

 We are appealing for information for  anybody who knows anything about the situation.

 For someone to find  a beloved pet in this way is absolutely horrific.

 The RSPCA is  warning that whoever did this could face a prison sentence and a  £20,000 fine.

 I would like them that has done it to know I wish  they would own up and have a conscious.

 It is horrific.

 It is  really bad.

 It will never be the same without him.

  Next tonight: The snowball they landed one man in a hole he bought  for trouble.

 Dean Smith has been sentenced to a  14 days curfew for throwing one at a community support officer in  Derbyshire.

 He admitted what he had done and said he was glad the case  had come to court.

 Maybe if they spend a bit less time  taking be able to court with snowballs they would have more  money to spend.

 Dean Smith was shopping with his family last year  and he made abusive comments to Police Community Support Officer  and through a snowball at her, hitting her on the chest.

 Today he  pleaded guilty to common assault.

 Having had a chance to think about  it, but you must wish he had not done it.

 No, I am glad.

 It has  proved a point, how much money is wasted.

 People will be watching  this thinking to themselves, do you know what? I agree with him.

 It is  wasting money.

 You are glad you did it? You do it again? I am not glad  that I did it.

 I am not glad I through this noble but I am glad I  did this and I can prove to people what their money is being spent on.

  Mr Smith had been laughing when he threw the snowball and had  intimidated the officer.

 The police say justice has been done.

 It was  compacted ice thrown with intent, at malice at a community support  officer who was carrying out her public duties to protect the public.

  The case should never have come to court and he should just have been  cautioned by a magistrate sentenced him to a curfew and costs.

 She did  not ask for compensation because the officer was not injured.

 She  said the case had been properly A campaign has begun to persuade  motorbike riders to wear proper protective clothing.

 It is not  mandatory like crash helmets and is often overlooked.

 Injuries can be  terrible.

 It is a great activity but only with the right equipment.

  This biker is wearing a T-shirt and trainers and cannot predict what  will happen.

 But when it does, he is risking serious injury.

  Leicestershire Police are supporting a campaign to help young  people purchased proper equipment.

 They have seen too many incidents.

  It is very important.

 It could rub your hands down to the bone if he  fell out.

 If you land on your knees, a pair of jeans would be worn  straight through.

 We recommend people wear proper protection.

  had not really thought about that very much.

 I often wear shorts and  80 shared when I am on the bike.

 -- shorts and a T-shirt.

 At this  hospital, they have been dealing with the 400 % increase in this  type of incident.

 It is dependent on how much people can afford.

  Decent letters are very important.

 Obviously footwear as well.

 --  leather equipment.

 Properly equipped, it is reasonably safe but  without protection, it is asking Coming up, a bit more cheerful,  Patsy Kensit, Tina O'Brien and some bloke with sequins.

 They are  getting on their dancing shoes.

 Strictly has come to Nottingham.

  These lovely ladies are here We have all heard of and possibly  experienced the food preferences of pregnant women but why do they  prefer some products above others? Psychologist at the University of  Derby are hoping to find the answer The official advice is avoid  alcohol during pregnancy.

 Well eggs is also forbidden.

 There are  allergy advice items as well.

 -- What the research is suggesting is  that women are becoming confused and have got misconceptions about  what kinds of things they can and cannot eat during pregnancy and  breast-feeding.

 The study is about understanding what women understand  and who they can ask for advice.

 Anna works at the University of  Derby.

 She is 23 weeks pregnant and she has been recruited into the  investigation.

 Friends and family, she says instead of officials are  be people that she turns to first.

 You can easily get bombarded with  confusing advice.

 I cut that out because of the potential problems.

  The psychologist's wants to talk to women that are in be third stage of  pregnancy.

 -- the psychologist wants to talk.

 We do not think  people are accessing the correct information.

 They are not getting  it from healthcare professionals, certainly.

 There is information  online at people visit websites as well as family and friends.

  Government advice is advisable of course on the Food Standards Agency.

  I can honestly say pregnancy did not affect my diet! On local  stations tonight, we have got an interesting interview.

 One man,  once at the heart of government will be discussing a subject close  to his heart.

 Alastair Campbell will be talking to Richard Spurr on  But first, we have got a lovely young man in the studio! I thought  you were going to say that.

 We will start with Leicester City.

 Sven  Goran Eriksson has almost completed a deal to bring Yakubu from Everton  into the club.

 He paid more than £11 million for the striker.

 He  will be signed on loan for the rest of the season if he passes the  medical and there is a possibility of a permanent move.

 He has played  50 matches, scoring just once this season.

 Derby County have been  talking about dented pride after the FA Cup upset against Crawley.

  Kris Commons has hinted he will hold out for the best offer after  Too slow! It was all smiles at Derby High School this afternoon as  Robbie Savage and Kris Commons launched the scholarship scheme.

  But it was easy to see what was happening behind the Act.

 It is  very disappointing.

 You look at your team-mates and you think, we  will get down here.

 To get embarrassed like we did is very  disappointing.

 We apologised to the supporters for the performance.

  Glick said they will not panic after the defeat.

 But clearly new  players are coming.

 There is speculation linking Kris Commons to  Rangers and Celtic.

 How long do you want to stay with Derby? A lot of  people have been ringing and asking about that.

 As far as I am  concerned, my heart is with Derby but I and 27 and this is  potentially it very big for me.

 -- I am 27.

 I will be time to think  about everything.

 Derby were speaking to the agent of Yakubu --  Kris Commons again today but his future is unlikely to be resolved  any time since.

 6 Leicester Tigers are in the England squad for the  Six Nations tournament.

 They include Louis Deacon.

 Billy  Twelvetrees has made the England A squad but no place for Manu  Tuilangi.

 Nottingham are gearing up for what they hope will be dead  biggest ever attendance at Meadow Lane when they are playing Munster.

  They have already smashed corporate hospitality record for Friday's  match.

 -- records.

 We will not be able to do as much as we had  thought.

 There is a bit of nervousness among the players but I  think it will be a great occasion under the lights.

 With the Olympics  just under a year away to up - that just over a year away, young people  are spreading the Olympic message.

 -- just over a year away.

 Helen  Barnes has been visiting the Grantham girl that is trying to  Debbie is one of 370 young ambassadors appointed in the East  Midlands to promote the Games.

 Excellent, well done.

 It is a  massive opportunity as a country and as a nation to get young people  involved in sport and inspire them.

 She is taking classes in after-  school sports clubs.

 It is a bit sporty but it is very good fun and  interesting bus-stop because she is younger she is more friendly  towards us.

 -- interesting.

 Because she is younger, she is more  friendly.

 It is inspirational for young people and for the teachers.

  She inspires the youngest girls and has been working very hard.

 It is  just a pleasure to work with her.

 She is studying five A levels.

 The  school is used to high-flying female role models.

 Margaret  Thatcher is a former pupil.

 In fact this student there a petition to  Downing Street to demonstrate against support funding cut.

 It is  very important because it can get people interested for the rest of  their lips.

 She is combining studies with coaching.

 It is  absolutely Cabinet.

 -- fabulous.

 More about that with a special  programme tomorrow.

 Nottingham Panthers's ice hockey team put  personal trainers and fire-fighters to a head to head fit his challenge.

  The exercises would make even the fittest person shut up.

 After the  competition, the trainers were neck and neck.

 It is important to eat  afterwards, of course and that is what they did.

 The ultimate  champions were Bergin acted's personal trainers.

 -- Virgin Active.

  It is a programme that has had all of us up.

 It is a sequence of  manoeuvres.

 Strictly Come Dancing is back and they are rehearsing for  the first programme of the liver taught in Nottingham.

 -- live tour.

  They were practising manoeuvres up at the Nottingham Arena it.

 The  last time we saw them was during the nail-biting finale.

 Doing the  whole thing again, I am a bit dizzy because I cannot remember anything  about the last final.

 But it was incredible.

 We would have been  upset if that had been the end.

 But we have had to be taught to look  forward to say it was good.

 dancers are judged on performances  and with a few old faces popping in, the heat his arm.

 It is still a  competition and the stadium will be interested.

 -- Stadium.

 This year's  run up Matt Baker impressed everybody with his acrobatics.

 He  volunteered to demonstrate some of the simpler routines.

 Round the  back like that and we gave like this.

 We can just do that for hours,  actually.

 I might need a bit more practice.

 As the woman that many  people thought stole the show will be making an appearance with an  unexpected Palmer.

 What about that romance? -- partner.

 You cannot  help who you meet and like.

 It has been a life change in every way for  me.

 After my lesson, there was just one thing left to do.

 Ladies and  gentlemen.

.

.

 What do you think? think, seven? Sorry, OK, eight.

  Well, they you gave.

 -- are there She did very well indeed, didn't  she? Everybody loves Strictly Come Dancing.

 What about the man? That  was Ricky Whittle, of course.

 Are you a bit of a dancer? Well, in my  youth.

 Not any longer.

 I can tell you who is a nifty dancer and he is  you who is a nifty dancer and he is giving us the weather.

 Well, thank  you very much indeed.

 It will be exciting, without a doubt as we  head into tonight.

 We are expecting quite a lot of rain.

 Look at this  picture.

 Stunning.

 Thank you very much for that.

 It looks like it was  taken on the set of a science- fiction film.

 This was the picture  just a couple of hours back.

 Much of this rain mack Christain towards  the West and the South.

 This is the teacher.

 -- most of these rain  staying in the West and the South.

 Later, isolated Charlie Pasarell.

  Temperatures dipping to about 10 degrees.

 -- showers.

 These are very  mild conditions for peace time a beer.

 -- this time of year.

 Showers  creeping across.

 But it is just not

 Nick Clegg promises a louder Lib  Dem voice in the Coalition Government.

  He warns he'll block the NHS reforms in England unless there are  substantial changes.

 As far as Government legislation is  concerned, no bill is better than a bad one.

 And I want to get this  right.

 President Obama says Osama Bin  Laden must have had a support network inside Pakistan.

 And calls  on the Pakistani Government to investigate.

  More than 400 refugees from Libya are rescued after their fishing  boat hits rocks off an Italian island.

  And in sport, Manchester United go ahead after just 37 seconds in a  major blow to Chelsea's title  challenge.

  Good afternoon.

 Nick Clegg has warned that Liberal Democrat MPs  will not support the coalition's plans for the NHS in England unless  there are substantial and significant changes to the  legislation.

 In the aftermath of his party's  poor showing in elections across the UK, the Deputy Prime Minister,  promised to act as a moderating promised to act as a moderating  influence on the Conservatives.

 Concern about the Government's  Health Bill prompted a pause and a period of listening, launched at a  hospital last month.

 But that was before their political fortunes  turned and voters punished the junior partner at the polls.

  The coalition is now convalescing and Nick Clegg has promised a  louder Lib Dem voice in Government.

 Today he choose the Health Bill as  his battleground.

 I'm not going to ask Liberal Democrat MPs and peers  to proceed with legislation, on something as precious and cherished,  particularly for Liberal Democrats, as the NHS, unless I personally am  satisfied that what these changes do is an evolutionry change in the  NHS, not a disruptive revolution.

 This was the scene that greeted Lib  Dems at their Spring Conference in Sheffield and the party voted then  to oppose key parts of the Bill.

 Under the health plans, money in  the NHS in England will be given to groups of GPs to buy and plan care  for their pierbts and there will be more opportunity for the private  sector to provide NHS services -- for their patients.

  Nick Clegg's stand will cheer his battered party.

 He supports parts  of the health plan but wants changes.

 The core of the bill is  sound, getting rid of meaningless targets but I would like to see  certain changes on the way that monitors operate to ensure where we  have competition in the NHS, it is only introduced where there is real  evidence that it is going to benefit patients.

 Hoping to tap  into Lib Dem unease over policies like health, today Labour's leader  trying to lure disaffected Lib Dems to thes.

 You are being led by the  nose by a Conservative Government.

 Changed course on tuition fees, on  the economic policy, on the NHS.

 I'm saying to them, you should  change course, have the courage of the convictions you went before the  electorate with a year ago and if I was in your position and I didn't  get that change in direction, than I wouldn't stay in this Government.

  So far, no Lib Dems want to take up the offer, but they know their  party must make a bigger mark in Government as the coalition starts  year 2.

 Ben is at Westminster for us.

 Quite  strong words then, Ben, from the Deputy Prime Minister.

 How is it  all going down with his partners in the coalition? Well for many months,  Nick Clegg has been unpressure from his party to prove they are a  distinctive voice in this Government, that they are getting  something out of it.

 Clearly the election results have made that  particularly urgent.

 He needs to prove to lost voters, potential  voters they are getting something out of it.

 Today his stand on  health is a strong one.

 He is sending a strong signal that he  could block this bill if he is not happy.

 He wants to see guarantees  that there will be flexibility in the way that GP-commissioning is  brought.

 In guarantees that there won't be privatisation as a result  of these changes.

 In truth, think those changes are being made  already to the bill.

 There is a significant listening exercise  happening and his Conservative Cabinet colleagues would agree  there would need to be substantial changes.

 What is happening is he is  being allowed space to take a tough line.

 He needs to shore up his  party, reassure them he is listening to them, which is why I  think Number Ten are relaxed about his comments today.

 There is a  trade-off, though, long-term.

 The more the Lib Dems are allowed  freedom to argue they are getting concessions and their policies  through, it'll increase the risk of riling Conservative MPs in the  coalition.

 President Obama has said that Osama  Bin Laden must have had a support network inside Pakistan, although  he added it's not clear whether the Pakistani Government was involved  in helping the Al-Qaeda leader.

 It folts release of video footage  seized from Bin Laden's compound in Abbottabad -- it follow the release.

  Residents there are sceptical about the authenticity of the material.

  An image the White House wants the world to see.

 Apparently a  disshelved and much-diminished Osama Bin Laden, watching himself  on TV.

 The footage was edited by the  Pentagon and released without sound.

 It is said to be one of five videos  found in Bin Laden's compound.

 The image was front-page news in  Pakistan today.

 But in Abbottabad, where he met his end, there was  plenty of scepticism.

 TRANSLATION: It's all a fake.

  Nothing happened, said this man who was selling newspapers here for 50  years.

 This man says, "It is a case  of mistaken identity.

 He claims the  man in the picture is his neighbour.

 His name is Akbar Khan.

 He owns the  house they claim is Bin Laden's house.

 I know him very well.

 If the  aim was to persuade the doubters it, didn't work here.

 This picture is  not Osama.

 It is very suspicious and is made by advanced technology.

  Made by a computer Yes, ma'am.

 have now spoken to more than 50  people in the market.

 Only one believes that the man in the video,  watching television, was in fact Osama Bin Laden.

 People here say  the Americans haven't proven anything, they haven't shown Bin  Laden's dead body.

 Many still don't believe that the Al-Qaeda leader  was living here or that he was killed here.

  It's unclear when and where the videos were made.

 Tonight President  Obama said Bin Laden must have had some sort of support network in  Pakistan, perhaps involving people in government, which must be  investigated.

 Reports from Egypt say 12 people  were killed and more than 200 injured during violent clashes  between Muslims and Christians in Cairo last night.

 The fighting  began when Muslims accused Christians of detaining a woman who  had converted to Islam.

 The Egyptian authorities say more than  200 people have been arrested and will now face military trials.

 400  people, fleeing the fighting in Libya, have narrowly avoiding  drowning after their boat smashed into rocks off the coast of Italy.

  The refugees, including children, were helped to shore in the early  hours of the morning.

 In Libya, the Red cross is struggling to get  humanitarian aid to the worst-  affected areas.

  Frantic scenes early this morning on the Italian coast.

 A small boat,  packed with families, escaping from Libya, has run aground.

  Some scramble ashore.

 Others have jumped.

  A young girl is plucked from the waves by rescue teams.

  Then another.

 These are mostly migrant workers  from other parts of Africa who have been trapped, like so many, by the  violent struggle to oust Colonel Gaddafi.

  And this is what they've fled.

 The besieged Libyan town of Misrata has  just lost its precious fuel supplies, destroyed by Gaddafi's  rockets.

 Inside the city, growing desperation.

 Hospitals packed with  victims of seemingly random artillery fire.

  A trickle of outside aid is reaching the city by sea, but its  risky work with no end in sight.

 Misrata has now been in this  situation for over two months.

 We thought that there might be some  resolution some time ago but still foreign nationals Coombe to the  port wanting to be evacuated and the needs are, you know, increasing.

  This is a dangerous mission for the Red Cross.

 Colonel Gaddafi's forces  have been mining the harbour in Misrata and shelling the area, too.

  But this is the only way to break the siege of the city, and bring  humanitarian aid to thousands of trapped civilians.

  From the sky, NATO forces continue to pick away at Gaddafi's heavy  weapons.

 British Tornados in action here.

 But for now, this sort of  arms-length warfare seems like a recipe for stalemate.

  The four directors who were in charge of MG Rover when the company  collapsed have agreed with the Government not to take any company  direct orships for between three and six years.

 The Business  Department says the men took millions out of the firm after  buying it pour ï¿½10 in 2000.

 The men deny any wrong-doing.

  Four people have been arrested in connection with the death of that  50-year-old man in Cleckheaton in West Yorkshire yesterday morning.

  Detectives believe the man was stabbed as he tried to intervene in  a fight which had broken out at a house party near his home.

  Campaigners against the rising price of fuel are staging a  demonstration outside the Shell Oil Depot in Ellesmere Port.

  Earlier more than 100 vehicles took part in a go-slow protest along the  M56 and the M53.

 The protesters are calling on the Government to bring  down the price of a litre of fuel to the European average of ï¿½1.

15.

  Now, new research for the BBC suggests that the Government  targets for the installation of charging points for electric cars,  are not being met.

 The survey also shows that many  larger towns and cities have no charging points at all.

  The Department for Transport says that nearly 2 million of the cars  on Britain's roads will be electric powered by 2020, most will be  charged at home overnight by ordinary domestic three-pin plugs  but in order to keep electric cars moving over long distances we'll  need plenty of these public charging points dotted around the  country.

 There is this expression called range anxiety with electric  cars.

 You might have a range of 100.

 Electric cars being sold these days  have a range of about 100 miles.

 Therefore if you are going to see a  friend that's 40 or 50 miles away, you want to recharge before you  come back.

 And that is obviously a concern.

 It is a barrier to some  people.

 The Government expects that 8,600 electric cars will be sold by  the end of this year and has set a target ratio of 1.

8 cars for every  publicly available charging point.

 By that reckoning, there would need  to be over 4,700 recharging facilities before 2012.

 But  research for the BBC has shown that there are currently only 704  publicly available charging points.

 The Government says it's doing all  it can, given the straightened times it finds itself in.

  Government, despite the enormous budget pressures we are under, is  supporting electric car production and research in batteries,  supporting people that want to own, buy an electric car and providing  electric charging point infrastructure.

 Currently there are  30 million vehicles on British roads and of those 3,000 are  electric but if the Government is serious about meeting its climate  change commitments and improving that number, it'll have to improve  its infrastructure.

 Now all the sport.

  It's all eyes on Old Trafford as Premier League leaders, Manchester  United have been playing host to defending champions, Chelsea in  what's been dubbed as "the title decider.

" United went into the game  three points clear of their nearest rivals.

 They are into the closing  stages and our sports correspondent James paerdz is there for us.

  -- James Pearce.

 Just entering injury time.

 The Manchester United  fans leaving behind me aren't leaving early because they are  unhappy.

 They are only leaving early because they want to avoid  the rush of what looks to be a night of celebratory Manchester  United fans.

 Their team is 2-1 up.

 The goals: the first coming within  the first 40 seconds of the ma.

 Ryan Giggs started the move but it  was Javier Hernandez who put the ball into the net.

 A drem start.

 It  was to go on to get better for them.

 -- a dream start.

 Ryan Giggs  playing a key role in the second goal.

 His cross was met by the head  of Nemanja Vidic.

 2-0.

 Manchester United really at that stage in  cruise control.

 The second half, though, Chelsea  have made substitutions, Torres coming on and also a goal back for  Chelsea.

 It was Frank Lampard in the end who managed to put the ball  home but even a draw wouldn't really be good enough for Chelsea  because, let's talk about the permutations now.

 If Manchester  United do go on to win this match, they'll be six points ahead with  two matches of the season left.

 So, a draw, one point from either of  their final two games would be enough to make them champions.

 It  is almost done and dusted but even a draw would mean that United were  three points ahead with the two games to go.

 So people now really  talking about Manchester United as the champions of this season.

  Thank you very much indeed, James.

 Well the events at Old Trafford  look to have ended Arsenal's hopes of claiming the Premier League  title after Arsene Wenger's side were beaten 3-1 by Stoke this  afternoon.

 The FA Cup finalists prepared for next week's trip to  Wembley with a comprehensive victory over the gunsers thanks to  goals from Kenwyne Jones, Jermaine Pennant and Jon Walters.

  A draw for Manchester United is enough to end Arsenal's title race  for another season.

 Wolves have moved out of the  relegation zone after a 3-1 win over local rivals West Brom.

 Two  goals from the club's record signing, Steven Fletcher helped  move Mick McCarthy's side a point clear of the drop zone with two  games of the season left to play.

 The race for the title in Scotland  looks set to go down to the wire as Celtic close the gap on Rangers at  the top of the SPL to just a point.

 They beat Kilmarnock 2-0 at Rugby  Park with goals from Scott Brown and this from Kris Commons.

 So both  Celtic and Rangers have all to play for in the final week of the season.

  World Champion, Sebastians Vettel, went from pole to the top of the  podium to claim victory at the Turkish Grand Prix.

 The  Championship leader crossed the line nine seconds ahead of his Red  Bull team-mate, Mark Webber as a fascinating contest unfolded behind  him.

 Sebastians Vettel had a nightmare  in Turkey last year when he crashed into team-mate, Mark Webber.

 Today  he was dreaming of a third win this season and a perfect start helped  make it come true as he left the rest to fight for second place.

  Lewis Hamilton surged forward from fourth but the McLaren driver's  impatience cost him as he was beaten back.

 Taught Tate Hamilton  went from the aggressor on to defence and lost out.

 Formula One's  bosses changed the rules for this season to encourage more overtaking.

  It certainly worked in Istanbul.

 If wasn't just happening out on the  track as Hamilton battled with Felipe Massa on the pit lane.

  When Fernando Alonso overtook Mark Webber, Red Bull's hopes of maximum  points looked dashed but Webber

 Welcome to is to Midlands Today.

  Our top stories tonight: Jail for a rape gang who abused dozens of  vulnerable young girls.

 The scrubbed as evil sexual  predators, the ringleaders criss- crossed the city looking for  victims to attack.

 They are incredibly dangerous man.

 Not only  were their violent but they used And how the fuel price hike is  putting pressure on businesses and our public services.

  Plus, lucky to survive swine flu.

 A young mum urges others to have the  vaccine.

 Pregnant women should go to their GPs and get it done.

 It is  available, but they need to go out and get it done themselves.

  And Happy birthday to us! East Midlands Today is 20 today, and we  Good evening.

 Welcome to Friday's programme.

  First, two rapists have been given indefinite jail sentences for a  string of horrific sex attacks.

 Mohammed Liaqat and Abid Sadique  befriended teenage girls outside schools and shops in the Derby.

  Some of the victims were lured to parties and pressured into having  sex with groups of men.

 As they were sentenced, members of the  English Defence League held a protest outside court.

 Our Social  Affairs Correspondent reports.

 There has been a heavy police  presence for this afternoon's sentencing.

 The judge said both men  were sexual predators, whose vulnerable teenage victims were  treated with contempt.

 Detectives pieced together a horrific pattern  of attacks in the largest sex abuse inquiry ever in Derby.

 This is one  of the addresses where girls as young as 12 were lured to parties.

  Some were threatened with hammers.

 Mohammed Liaqat and his friend Abid  Sadique were the ringleaders.

 The judge said Sadique was evil and  manipulative.

 He will not be considered for parole for 11 years.

  Police interviewed more than 15 teenage victims and witnesses.

  are pleased with the sentences handed out.

 We were horrified early  on when, once we had approached one victim, who led us to another  victim and another.

 As the defence is unfolded we were disgusted with  what we were listening to.

 This is footage of Liaqat buying vodka just  before an attack.

 Most of the victims were plied with drink or  drugs.

 And this is the two men are stopping teenagers in the street.

  Others were approached in school playgrounds or shopping centres and  sweet talking to meeting up.

 One victims boat to me when the pair  were convicted six weeks ago.

 We have disguised her voice.

 They are  evil.

 They take you out and make you feel as if you are in a real  relationship.

 Then they abuse everything, every part of that.

  Four members of the gang were sent to prison after previous trials.

  The two ringleaders jailed today were both from Derby's plight met  Pakistani community, based around Normanton Road, where some of the  girls were attacked.

 -- tight-knit.

 The community's view is one of  shock.

 There has been a lot of talk about what the younger generation  is doing, where are they, telling them what is right and wrong.

 It is  horrifying and the whole community feels that they need to take some  level of responsibility to deal Today's sentencing punted a small  protest by the it controversial English Defence League, keen to  highlight Liaqat and Sadique's background.

 Members of the  Pakistani community are worried that this could stigmatise the  whole community.

 As we just heard, one leader of the  Pakistani community in Dhabi has said how they are dealing with this.

  How much of a problem is this crime?  The vast majority of sexual offenders are white men and two  members of this group came from that group as well.

 But the case is  similar to a number of others -- a number of others which have  involved Pakistani men off which has raised questions of whether  there is a cultural issue here.

 And we have had this from the Leicester  MP who chairs the Home Affairs Select Committee.

 These are  terrible crimes, and the police need to investigate fully any  networks and any information that links this crime to other crimes in  other parts of the country.

 If there is a pattern, it needs to be  explored and it needs to be dealt with.

 This is all very sensitive,  of course.

 This afternoon the judge made it clear that these crimes  were not racially motivated.

 In fact he said Liaqat and Sadique  were dangerous offenders who simply wanted sex at any price.

  Still to come on our programme, a week's worth of weather in just one  day.

 We have seen frost, we have seen  snow, rain.

 Now we have fog.

 Strong wind later tonight as well.

 What we  could do with is a bit of sunshine, though, and I think we might get  our wish over the weekend.

 More Before that, the pain at the pumps  as we all pay much more to keep motoring.

 It is estimated that  unleaded petrol and diesel have gone up five pence per litre in  just a matter of days.

 Extra fuel duty and the VAT increase are  mainly to blame.

 There are also all sorts of knock  on effect.

 One haulage company claims they could go out of  business.

 And a council may be forced to axe some bus services.

 To  tell us more, Mike O'Sullivan is at a transport depot -- depot in  Nottingham.

 Good evening, Mike.

 Some services run here by  Nottingham's City Transport could be at risk.

 They may become too  expensive to operate.

 Taxes and the rising cost of fuel on the open  market are hitting the bus service just like everyone else.

 The pain  of paying more for our fuel at the plums.

 Extra duty and the VAT  increase have pushed up the price.

 Somebody is making a killing  somewhere.

 I have just paid nearly £1.

40.

 I do not have a lot of money  in the first place.

 So any increase is not great for me.

 But I  understand that is what they have to do.

 I heard they are making £2  billion per day from the taxes.

 Where the money seems to be going,  we will never know, well we? Here is how it has changed recently.

 We  are now paying on average around 100 what is 7p for a litre of  unleaded petrol.

 -- 127p.

 Diesel now costs nearly 132p per litre.

  That is nearly six pence more than it December.

 It is having an impact  in all sorts of places.

 For example, this a haulage firm in Derby.

  will end up closing.

 That is all that will happen.

 We will end up  shouting, and 50 years of being here will be at an end.

 -- shutting.

  We have to absorb that within our budgets because they are reducing,  but we have to make the short full up by efficiency savings and doing  things better.

 So you may have to axe some bus routes because of  this? It is not something the council would want to do, but if  the costs are going up like this, and if we cannot pass it on in the  fares, as we have in the past, then it is a possibility.

 The new year  has brought new pressures, and nearly every motorist is feeling  the pinch.

 Around two-thirds of the cost of a litre of diesel is made  up of duty and taxes, and there is another duty increase due in April.

  This afternoon I was told by one expert that the rising cost of fuel  on the open market could mean that the East Midlands will be paying £1  a 30 per litre for unleaded petrol.

 That will be in around a month or  so.

 -- £1.

30.

 In other news, a local authority  has revealed how many compulsory redundancies it will need to  balance its books.

 Derby City Council says it needs to lose 370  employees.

 But, if staff do not accept compulsory working  conditions, another 300 were also Meanwhile, more than 200 staff at a  charity which supports home is people are at risk of redundancy.

  Nottingham City Council has told Framework is reducing its grant.

  Frameworks as it had a note choice but to give notice to its staff.

 --  framework said.

 An inquiry by Nottingham City  Council into the way its homes were allocated has been dropped.

 The  Audit Commission found that some tenants were allocated homes  because they knew housing officials.

 The council spent £100,000 on legal  advice but now says it will not be taking the matter any further.

  A young man who became critically ill with swine flu -- a young mum  is urging women to have the vaccine.

 Zoe Hill, 18, from Mansfield, spent  Christmas in intensive care when 33 weeks pregnant.

 She had not been  vaccinated because she said she did not know about the jab and thought  swine flu had gone away.

 A Health Correspondent Robson's  reports.

 Save in Mon's Arms, but Zoe Hill  feared she would lose her baby after she was rushed into hospital  on Christmas Day.

 She spent two days in intensive care with swine  flu.

 Critically ill, she feared for both their lives.

 I was just about  dying.

 You can't it, you can't drink, you can hardly sleep.

 -- you  can't eat.

 I found it hard to breathe.

 I was really scared  because I thought I would lose him.

 The pressure might be off now but,  after days of feeling rough, not eating or sleeping very well in  hospital because of swine flu, she eventually gave birth on New year's  Day with a little pain relief.

 and air, so I am quite proud of  myself for that.

 That was a premature birth, her son was six  weeks early and that could be done to her flow.

 If women do get swine  flu, or any top of flu, then they are at increased risk, three types  -- three times as likely, to go into pre-term labour.

 I am very  grateful to the hospital maternity ward, all the doctors.

 A wave from  King's Mill Hospital, NHS bosses report their recent surge in demand  for flu jabs.

 Three weeks ago in Nottinghamshire are less than 10%  of pregnant women had been protected and now nearly half have  come forward.

 The initial take up Brits were quite low but in the  last few weeks there has been significant increase in the number  of people coming forward.

 -- the take up rates.

 Particularly  pregnant women.

 A I am just glad I am making pregnant women are aware  now.

 They should get it, go to the GP, and get it.

 She says she will  regret the Christmas Day she missed A mum from Leicester says she feels  suicidal about her council house rent going up.

  Rent right across the East Midlands is set to rise, some by three times  For Kate Potter, a single mum with two children, her life is already a  struggle.

 You pay your bills first and then you get the food and  anything left goes in a pot for what the children need.

 They need  clothes and school uniform.

 much is left? About £10 if I am  lucky.

 Kate is one of thousands of council tenants across Leicester  who are facing a rise in their rents.

 There is no way I can afford  a rise in rent.

 Some council tenants are facing rent rises of  around 11 %, the increase depends on the size of the property.

  Nottingham City Council has not set their budget yet, but rents there  are also set to go up.

 Why the increase? Your council needs your  cash, but there are fears that the rises are a step too far.

 Up  poverty is going to go on, that will lead to people despairing,  can't cope, giving up their homes and ended up on the street.

  things go one of the next few years like they are doing, we will not be  able to cope with it.

 For Kate, the budget is already tight.

 A rise in  the rent means an all-time low.

 Suicidal? Yes, just suicidal.

 I  will not be able to cope.

 The new rents are set to be able -- to be  On a happier note, a paramedic who risked his life helping others  after a plane crashed in South America is to be given the  prestigious bravery award.

 Chris Davey stepped in when the plane  came down shortly after take-off.

 He says that he shocked and  honoured to be recognised for his courage.

  This is the plane crash that Chris Davey survived and thanks to him,  so did many others.

 The 39 year old paramedic was a holiday in South  America with his wife in 2009 when allied aircraft he was on a crashed  in Venezuela.

 Seven other British tourists and three locals were also  on board.

 It was a very harrowing.

 The aircraft literally pitched down  towards the jungle.

 When we impacted, we slewed for a vast  distance along the jungle floor.

 Chris held several passengers  escape.

 Then despite fuel pouring from the plane, risking an  explosion, he headed back inside to treat the rest who was seriously  injured.

 Sadly, a boy died of the crash, everyone else survived.

  feel that we work to -- we were very very lucky.

 Every day  emergency services personnel go out to a variety of jobs and put their  lives on the line.

 It is what all of us train for.

 Chris is being  presented with the prestigious Queen's Commendation for Bravery  for showing incredible courage while ignoring the risks to his own  life.

 What he did has been described as a selfless act of  bravery which undoubtedly saved the lives of others.

 Some of the  survivors of the crash who now owe their lives Chris will be at the  ceremony tonight to see him presented with his well deserved or  You're watching East Midlands Today at from the BBC.

 This is our  special birthday cake.

 Have a look at the back, it is so realistic.

  You do not see all of our paraphernalia behind us.

  Colin is not on their because I Sport now, we will now focus on the  FA Cup weekend.

 Plenty of mouth- watering fixtures and we will start  with Leicester City.

 They are up against Premier League Super  spenders, Manchester City.

 The match will see two old friends go  Sven composed many friends in football, but few are as close to  the Leicester manager as Manchester city's boss, Roberto Mancini.

  first time I met him I knew that he would be a coach.

 He was talking  football, dreaming football, sleeping football.

 Their friendship  has spanned 15 years and an Sven has mentored Mancini.

 All of that  will be forgotten when the two men will come head-to-head here for the  first time.

 I want to come in with a result.

 He told me that he needed  to win.

 He needs to win games.

 Friendships are side, Sven has a  point to prove against a club that sacked him after just one season in  charge.

 I am not thinking about that.

 I thought about it at that  time and that is many years ago now.

 By a very happy where I am.

 Back-  to-back wins will be a confidence boost for the Foxes and they will  need it.

 They are up against a squad with a staggering £355  million squad.

 Everyone can score goals and everyone can play  football.

 Some people have better ability and some people have been a  bit more lucky.

 They are playing at the top of their tree at the moment.

  By am looking forward to it.

 scores to settle, and friendship  put to the test, it will be a real treat this weekend.

  The ins and outs continue at Leicester.

 Defender Michael  Morrison has left the Foxes for Sheffield Wednesday.

 Connaughton  has extended his loan spell and till the end of the season -- Carl  Norton.

 Reds boss returned to his former  stomping ground.

 Every game is tough.

 It will make no difference  to our approach and preparation.

 We will go down expecting a difficult  game which you always get at Preston.

  So Billy Davies is back at the Preston, not to be out done, Notts  County have two reunions, too.

 Alex Rae is back at former club  Sunderland and gaffer Paul Ince will challenge old team-mate Steve  Bruce.

 He Steve Bruce scoring in his  heyday for Manchester United.

 Paul Ince goes to congratulate him.

  spend a lot of time together at man United on and off the park.

 That  will go out of the wind come Saturday.

 I am glad he is back in  the game, he is a larger-than-life character.

 He is back at Notts  County.

 They are run a good run.

 Alex Rae must be one of the most  competitive player anywhere.

 At the Stadium of Light we were going into  a million seater stadium.

 When we started getting them in, the  numbers went up.

 By the time I left, we were having sell-outs every week.

  Bruce will not go easy.

 His team certainly will -- did not do that  at Blackpool.

 We want the big ones we want Manchester United and  Chelsea.

 Best of mates? Not for 90 minutes, not tomorrow.

  Derby County play on Monday away to Crawley.

 Good luck to Lincoln who  play Hereford in them much delayed second-round replay this weekend as  well.

 On to rugby, top against the second  in the Aviva Premiership this weekend.

 Leicester Tigers take on a  Northampton Saints.

 They are good.

 They were a good  side last year and probably deserved more out of the season.

 We  have a huge amount of respect for what we -- they are doing.

 There is  always a lot of rivalry at these Games.

  Also playing this weekend, Nottingham rugby.

 They play a home  game for the first time since mid- November.

 Bristol are the visitors.

  If you fancy some live ice hockey tonight, there is still time to get  to the arena to see the Panthers.

 That is a whole sports bulletin  20 years ago, the first ever East Midlands Today was broadcast.

 In  the coming weeks, we will be revisiting some of the stories we  covered in that time.

 For years, Joan Kiely A looks back  at what was making the headlines on January 7th, 1991.

  Good evening and welcome to the first edition of East Midlands  Today.

 I remember that signature tune and  that stirring music and my heart was going.

 We had a great team  behind us and I was thinking that I really wanted it to be a success.

  The main stories this evening, damage at millions of pounds as  fire destroyed a college building.

 It had broken out that very  afternoon of our first programme.

 I was dispatched to a college where  design students had lost much of their course work in the flames.

  is heartbreaking to have seen it go.

 It is just upsetting.

 I am boring  for the future, now.

 -- I am worrying for the future I was in  the middle of a neat work project.

 I carried on and finish the course  and went into work in the fashion industry.

 I have started my own  line of home made a vintage knitwear.

 So a happy ending for  Audrey.

 With some stories you feel that times have not changed.

  The continuing decline of the region's economy was brought into  stark focus today.

 Today, more jobs or are under threat.

 A pencil  making firm has called in the receivers.

 After the company went  into receivership, my father managed to scrounge a machine and  work from his garage.

 He built the company up again and key has been  able to produce pencils from the beginning again.

 So despite all  that doom-laden time of 20 years ago, pencils are still being made  here? Yes.

 What became of the college ravaged by the fire that I  reported on 20 years ago today? As you can see, it rose like a phoenix  out of the Ashes and became at the University of Derby.

  And the present a bar first programme? Kathy fronted it for 11  years and is now one of our producers.

 I really enjoy producing  the programme because you have a chance to boss people around.

  can sort of shape the day's news agenda and choose the stories you  want to go after.

 You can match the stories with the right reporters.

  That is immensely rewarding.

 That is all from us from the very  first edition of East Midlands She is the big producer and now,  bossing us around.

 She has hardly changed at all.

 Sara was not here  changed at all.

 Sara was not here We have a very nice picture to show  you this evening.

 We have a band of rain with us at  the moment, it is falling as snow first thing this morning.

 Quite a  wet night in store tonight.

 We get a break from the rain and we have  fog around as well.

 Visibility down to less than 100 metres and ones  that start to clear away due to the fact our next area of rain comes  through, we are in for a very wet part of tomorrow morning.

  Torrential rain forecast for quite a few hours for the first part of  Saturday morning.

 Night-time temperatures tonight in the region  of three Celsius.

 It will be quite a windy day on Saturday.

 Rain will  clear eastwards and the skies will start to Brighton.

 And nice  afternoon in store.

 Daytime temperatures reaching a maximum of  six Celsius.

 It will be quite cold Saturday night into Sunday.

 The  breeze will prevent any frost from happening.

 Sunday should be a dry  day and winds will be strong first

 the late update after the news at  Welcome to East Midlands Today.

 Tonight, a prison hit by rioting is  to close for good.

 At its height, Ashwell Prison was home to more  than 600 inmates and hundreds of people worked here in Rutland, but  now the Government says it's too expensive to refurbish.

 Also  tonight, swine flu.

 The number of people in critical care falls.

 Plus,  the East Midlands ex-pats watching Australia's third city go under.

  Could the spending axe fall on flowers? The city's floural  displays feel the pinch.

 Who will want to visit Derby when it looks  scruffy and grey? Good evening.

 Welcome to the programme.

 First  tonight, a riot-hit prison in the East Midlands is to close  altogether as part of the Government's new justice policy.

  Ken Clarke is closing Ashwell Prison.

 The Prison Officers'  Association is tonight questioning why people were still starting jobs  there last week.

 Our reporter is outside the prison for us this  evening.

 Good evening, Helen.

 Good evening to you both.

 Welcome to  Ashwell Prison here in Rutland.

 It's a category C prison, and it's  currently home to around 180 inmates, approximately 150 people  work here.

 It used to be far bigger, but after a riot, hundreds of  prisoners were moved to other sites.

 Now, this jail has fallen victim to  a controversial scheme to overhaul our prisons.

 Ash well is one of  three which will -- ashwell is one of three which will close.

 There  were grey skies over the prison today and the weather reflected the  mood of locals, as they learnt it will close.

 My brother-in-law is a  prison officer.

 He's guaranteed a job, but some won't be if it closes  in March.

 It's a shame.

 It's another nail in the coffin for  Rutland.

 It's really, -- it's really sad, because a lot of people  will be out of jobs and there isn't jobs for them to go to.

 Prisoners  will be moved to other sites and staff at the jail will be offered  other jobs, which at the moment is providing little comfort.

 They are  very shocked and dumbstruck, because on the final inspector's  report it said it was a very good and well-run prison and deserved  investment.

 Since the riots of 2009, tens of millions of pounds have  been spent here.

 Up until last week they were still employing staff and  new staff started here.

 This was the last time Ashwell Prison hit  the headlines, when almost two years ago, the jail was the scene  of a large-scale riot, involving almost 100 prisoners.

 It was  estimated that 75% of the jail was badly damaged.

 Today, it's been  announced that refurbishing the jail would be too expensive, news  that has raised eyebrows as apparently millions of pounds has  already been spent.

 New buildings have been built.

 New kitchen at the  cost of hundreds of thousands of pounds.

 New gym, which they burnt  down in the riot.

 Millions of pounds spent there and even up  until last week, they were buying new televisions for all the areas  of association for the prisoners.

 All taxpayers' money?.

 From what I  understand £20 million has been spent here.

 Speaking in London the  Prisons' Minister answered some of the points.

 Our reporter started by  asking him why the prison had to close.

 Because we have 5,000 spare  places now across the prison estate and we need to close some places  because we can't afford to carry excess capacity in the straightened  times.

 You are doing it very quickly?Ier, Because we need to  realise the savings as soon as reasonably practicable.

 This isn't  a low-security jail.

 What about the inmates? Sadly this prison has lost  more than half of its accommodation through the disturbances that took  place there in April 2009, that's why on this judgment it's one of  the appropriate institutions to close.

 Local people will want to  know if the prison is closing, what will happen to the site.

 That will  be a decision for people who come forward to purchase the site off  the ministry and we will -- that's not a decision for the ministry or  for me as a minister.

 Some people in the press are saying that you  risk a backlash over this and you're in fact going soft on crime.

  This is nonsense.

 We are going to lock up those people sent to us by  the courts, who the courts deem appropriate to be in prison.

 That  will continue.

 As Mr Blunt was saying in that interview, things  are happening very quickly.

 Staff heard late last night about the  closure.

 Some only found out when they turned up for work this  morning.

 The prison itself will be closed at the end of March, in just  ten weeks' time.

 The future of the site? Well, it could be turned into  housing on an industrial estate.

 Thank you.

 We'll stay with this,  because as part of the Government's drive to deliver what it calls a  modern, efficient justice system, it will also start to close well  over 100 courts around the country later this year.

 That will mean  that the whole of the Vale of Belvoir, Melton and Rutland will no  longer have a court, bringing to an end sentries of decision.

 --  centuries of decision.

 Magistrates courts and county courts deal with  minor crimes, committals and civil law cases.

 From April the  Government will close 142 across England and Wales, saving around  £40 million over four years.

 The magistrates courts being closed in  the East Midlands are: Four county We are opposed on two issues.

  Justice should be for local people by local people.

 Secondly, it's the  travel issue.

 The present -- at the present moment we all have to  travel to Melton and now it will be Loughborough.

 The Vale of Belvoir  is the same.

 It's the police who attend and witnesses and a lot of  other court users too.

 Government says closing courts like  this one in Melton is all part of a drive for a better justice system,  which responds more effectively to the needs of the local community.

  It says it's closing the worst courts in order to provide decent  facilities in new court buildings, such as those that opened recently  in Loughborough.

 I would much rather have kept the Melton  Magistrates' Court, because I do believe in local justice for local  people, but the other side of the coin is that there is less crime in  our area, so there is less demand for a Magistrates' Court.

 3,000  people signed a petition to save Melton's court.

 The town's  magistrates have asked the Justice Minister for a court to be included  in the new Borough Council building, which is yet to be completed.

  They're still waiting for an answer.

 Still to come, Anna's going to be  here hopefully with some brighter weather to look forward to.

 Well,  it may be mild and yes, some brightness is on the way, but it's  a brief respite as you'll need to keep a firm grip on your brolly  this weekend.

 The police are now examining the cause of an explosion  at an electricity substation in Nottinghamshire.

 It happened  yesterday evening on Station Road in Hucknall.

 No-one was injured,  but a large fire broke out and residents were told to stay indoors.

  More than 1,000 homes and businesses were left without power.

  The majority have been reconnected.

 Teachers at Ecclesbourne School  have been staging a second day of strike action.

 The school is  considering becoming an academy.

 The NASUWT says the move amounts to  privatisation.

 Some street light could be switched off across  Derbyshire overnight to try to save cash.

 A committee of county  counsellors has backed the change.

 It claims evidence from  Leicestershire, where the idea's been tried, suggests a blackout  after midnight won't mean an increase in crime.

 The number of  people of patients in critical care in the area with sppted swine flu  has gone down over the past -- suspected swine flu has gone down  over the past seven days, but GP practises are being asked to share  supplies to make sure vulnerable patients are still inoculated.

  Tonight a new mother in Derby has criticised the lack of a co-  ordinated campaign to warn pregnant women of the risks.

 Rob is here  with us.

 The all-important figures in one moment, but first, why is  this mother so concerned? She said she didn't really realise the risks  until it was too late.

 She ended up over Christmas in intensive care  and I'm pleased to say she has pulled through, but she thinks a  lot more could have been done.

 Perhaps a national co-ordinated  campaign.

 A met her earlier in Derby.

 Leoni enjoying the precious  gift of new life.

 Her son, Jacob, had to be born eight weeks early  after she got swine flu and ended up in intensive care fighting for  her life.

 I really remember any of it, because I was quite sedated.

  It's more my family that looked after me and all the hospital staff  in the care unit.

 She says she was in the dark about the risks of the  virus.

 Pregnant women are among those most vulnerable.

 She didn't  see her baby for five days after he was born.

 She had to be kept apart  while she recovered from the flu.

 It was horrible.

 But at the same  time I knew I had to be in intensive care being looked after.

  My partner kept bringing up photographs and albums of him.

  believes there should be more publicity to alert pregnant women.

  The baby's doing well mum said the hospital care has been great in  Derby.

 A good positive note to end on.

 Rob, what do the figures tell  us about where we are right now in the East Midlands? What we know in  the area from an NHS source there are 31 confirmed cases of swine flu  in intensive care units across the region.

 There are 24 other  suspected cases, so all together that is 55.

 That is down on the 70  or so we reported last week.

 There are people that now think that  swine flu has possibly plateaued, but still people are urged to go to  their GP, particularly in the vulnerable groups to get the  vaccine and the NHS says it's doing its best to share stocks between  practises to make sure when you do show up the supplies are there.

  Next, a Derby woman, who has witnessed the flooding in Australia  and describes the devastation.

 12,000 homes have been submerged in  water.

 It has been harrowing for many living in Queensland, but also  for those here in the East Midlands with loved ones abroad.

 It's been  described as the worst natural disaster in Queensland's history.

  Thousands of homes and businesses have been flooded in the state  capital, Brisbane.

 Michelle Powell originally from Derby sent us these  pictures of the neighbourhood she now calls home.

 Whilst her house  escaped the water, she told us over phone video that many others  haven't been so lucky.

 We are relieved that our house hasn't been  affected by the floodwaters.

 We are on a slight hill, but unfortunately  lots of houses and businesses in the area have been really badly  affected, so tomorrow there will be a big clean-up operation as the  waters subside.

 Robert Lamb, from Nottingham, told us he saw water  rising in his garage by a foot an hour.

 It just goes to show you the  power.

 Nothing can stop it.

 People have been sandbagging homes, but it  doesn't make any difference.

 Here in the East Midlands, Kirsten has  been keeping a close eye on the news.

 Her mother and sisters live  in Brisbane and have been badly affected.

 My mother lives on the  Brisbane River, although relatively high.

 However, the water is so high  that it's a metre-and-a-half in her house.

 It's hard feeling so far  away and so helpless.

 It's a bit scary.

 The Britain bain River is  receding, but with the authorities describing the task of  reconstruction as being on post-war proportions it could be a long time  before life goes back to normal here.

 Severn Trent Water has  apologised after a Nottinghamshire householder was left for days with  inches of raw sewage in his garden.

 Paul's garden has been covered.

 He  says it's happened three times in a year and contractors finally  cleared the area last night.

 Severn Trent says it has been  exceptionally busy and will now investigate the cause.

 Leicester  City council says plans are being finalised for football pitches at  Aylestone Meadows.

 The authority says the pitches will only involve  part of the meadows, but protesters are calling for the nature reserve  to be protected.

 The formers Tales of Robin Hood building in  Nottingham is expected to re-open as a Tesco.

 The site on Maid Marion  way has been empty for two years after the tourist centre went into  administration.

 The supermarket giant, which owns the lease, said  it had tried unsuccessfully to find someone else to run it as an  attraction.

 I remember when that opened.

 Do you? Obviously, only  just! Now, then, it has worn tributes for its flower displays,  but now Derby is considering cutting them back.

 The reason, a  £30 million short fall in next year's council budget.

 Well, one  option is to close the city's historic greenhouses, and grassover  some of the verges.

 Critics argue it won't save that much money and  would be awful for tourism.

 Derby in bloom, the city has a long  tradition of working hard on the floural feature.

 -- floral feature.

  These glass houses date back to the Victorian days.

 They've seen  coronations, Jubilees and even Derby winning city status, but now  these may be subject to the Government's financial pruning,  because now this nursery could close and four full-time staff and  other casual workers would go.

 For the displays it will mean turning  over a new leaf.

 The number of flowers could be cut by almost half.

  Several displays would be grassed over.

 We have some stark choices.

  There is no money left and the choice would be the flowers or  maybe six child protection social workers working in their field.

  That is the sort of decision we're left with.

 It's a real tragedy.

  They are spending £40 million on the house.

 Take some off that.

  it's to save money, yes, I think so.

 Money is one thing, but a great  shame we'll lose all the colours.

 That is sms Christine agrees with.

  She has worked at the nursery for 12 years.

 She says closing that  would be devastating.

 I don't think Derby will ever be quite the same  again without it.

 They go on about us being a heritage site and  improving the atmosphere so that people will want to visit.

 Who will  visit Derby when it looks scruffy and grey? The council says it's  still considering the idea, but if it goes ahead could it be more  Derby in gloom than bloom? Oh, dear.

 Crikey.

 It can't be Derby a little  bit in bloom.

 Flowers bring sunshine into your life.

 Tough  choices.

 That's obviously one of them.

 Tough choices in sport.

 I  don't know if there are, but it seemed to flow rather well.

 There  are decisions to be made.

 My tie is blooming today.

 The latest transfer  news, but we start tonight with a manager rather than a player, who  is on the move.

 We understand that Craig Powell has been offered the  manager's job at his old club, Charlton.

 Powell joined three years  ago would replace Phil Parkinson who was sacked last week.

 There are  plenty of players coming and going as the window gets into full swing.

  First, the latest addition to Sven Goran Eriksson's squad.

 Yakubu has  agreed to join the Foxes until the end of the season, with a view to  making the move permanent in the summer.

 The 28-year-old Nigerian  international scored over 100 goals in English football.

 He cost  Everton £11 million.

 You dream to play.

 You don't want to sit on the  bench and just get your wages.

 For me, I want to play.

 I love to do it  and to be here today, training good and everything has been perfect and  hopefully I start playing on Saturday.

 Derby County boss Nigel  Clough, who could probably use some reinforcements has renewed his  international in Ben Davies.

 It's believed the Rams will put in a  £250,000 bid for the player.

 Derby made an offer for him in August  which was turned down.

 His manager, Paul Ince, doesn't want to let him  go, but knows the financial realities at Meadow Lane.

 Everyone  is up for sale.

 It depends on the price.

 We are no different here.

 We  are a club that's trying to go forward.

 We need money to do that.

  You can't go forward if you lose your best players and for me that's  the bottom line.

 Rams' skipper, Robbie Savage is eyeing a move to  Canada.

 He's been offered a contract at the Vancouver Whitecaps.

  He could be off by March if Derby agree.

 Cricket, good news for  Nottinghamshire and England, Stuart broad, he has said that a scan on  his stomach injury was all positive.

 He may yet make the World Cup squad.

  Geordan Murphy might be out for the rest of the season.

 We think he  broke his foot and damaged ligaments in the game against  Northampton Saints at the weekend.

 The countdown to the Olympics is  well and truly on, but while much of the focus for London will be on  the medal prospects, organisers are also really keen to inspire the  next generation.

 Work to do just that is already well under way.

  Here with her third special report, Olympian Helen Barns.

 Today, the  Olympics is coming into school.

 Canoeist Fiona Penny is here to  tell the kids.

 We are on our way into the hall to see Fiona.

 The  kids get excited about things like this.

 I know that as a teacher  because they don't stop talking about it.

 Nottingham is home to  many top paddlers.

 Fiona is five- times British champion.

 She is one  of Britain's strongest hopes in 2012.

 We need that support from the  home nation behind us for the Olympics, so it's great that the  kids get excited by it and then involved obviously and if they can  take part it's great to see.

 She is joined by the team coaches who have  brought in some canoes.

 We have a possible Olympian in the making.

  It's great for the children, because it shows them that if they  work hard and stick at it, they can Fiona is on hand to offer advice.

  Turn it around.

 That's it.

 Although, it seems at least one is already  quite an expert.

 Well, this lesson's coming to an end.

 This is  my sport and I absolutely love it, but for these guys it's their first  time.

 What did you think? I thought it was absolutely brilliant.

 I've  never done it before and it's like really cool.

 They were so excited  for us to come and talk about it and to come here to the pool and  for them to have a go and some of them have done it before and some  are in the boat for the first time, so it's great for them.

 This is  exactly what the legacy is all about.

 Giving children like these  an opportunity to try a sport that perhaps they wouldn't have a chance  to normally.

 It's brilliant seeing them having such a good time.

 Back  to the main story and Chris Powell's departure, if he goes he  will be sorely missed around here.

 He's a very fine man and everyone  will wish him well.

 They love him at Leicester.

 I said difficult  choices and I was right.

 Indeed.

 As you can see behind, let us now  boldly go to Leicester.

 Star Trek! The city is fast becoming the  capital of Britain's space industry.

 It's now involved in new missions  to Mars and mercury and new developments unveiled today should  put it light years ahead of the rest as we now report.

 In the space  research centre at the university today the science minister, David  Willets is shown the new clean room.

 In here, in pristine conditions,  scientists are building Astrosat, an x-ray camera built for the  Indian space agency.

 The Leicester scientists are proud of the  technology they've developed to make such cameras ever smaller.

  We've been doing cameras for telescopes for many years and we've  reduced the size from the size of a dust bin, down to something which  is less than ten kilos and a few tens of centimetres cubed.

 It's all  part of the technologies that the minister was shown.

 The university  has been in the business for 50 years.

 A business that gets bigger  and bigger.

 They are involved in a Japanese mission to Mercury and a  European mission to Mars and the James Webb space telescope, the  successor to the famous Hubble tell scone.

 As the minister opened a new  extension building, he promised the Government would ring fence  billions for more scientific research, including in the space  business.

 Yes, we are committed to this and we do understand that it's  not just fascinating, it's also absolutely fundamental for the  growth of the British economy and hi-tech industries.

 It gives us a  big validation of what we are trying to do.

 We know what we are  trying to do is important.

 To hear a minister from Government say it  is, is really quite something.

 those who worked on the beagle Mars  project, knowing other international projects like  Astrosat are supported is a big boost.

 We are very proud, because  we have strong links to India, so for us to be a lead player in this  very important Indian mission, that's really great for us and puts  us on the map in the global picture.

 Astrosat, a little bit of Leicester,  should be launched from India later this year.

 I love that shot.

 I've  got a space joke.

 Did you know I've got three ears? I can't wait.

  left ear, my right here and my final frontier.

 Very good.

  director told us that.

 I'm going to offload the blame.

 Talking to  boldly go somewhere, on your local radio station at 7 Richard will be  talking about life-changing choices.

 You'll meet the man who ditched the  security of his 9-5 jobs, sold possessions and moved to one of the  most dangerous parts of the world.

 Find out why with me on your local  BBC radio station after seven.

 BBC radio station after seven.

  the weather.

 What a difference a couple of weeks make.

 We started  the week -- the year with very cold temperatures and now they're un  seasonably mild.

 That is five degrees above the average for this  time of the year and more like temperatures for April.

 Well, mild  overnight tonight.

 We also have rain on the way too.

 First, this  little Robin seems to be enjoying Looking at the moment, it is cloudy  out there.

 It's still predominantly dry, but we'll see this area of  quite persistent rain moving in over the next couple of hours.

 A  wet evening for most of us.

 The rain will gradually break overnight,  but still quite a lot of showers around and those temperatures  staying very mild, with just a low of nine.

 To start tomorrow then, a  few showers around first thing, but then generally it's a dryer day.

  Probably the driest all week, with sunny spells breaking through in  the afternoon and temperatures reaching 11 or maybe 12.

 That is 54  degrees Fahrenheit.

 Looking ahead to your Saturday, it is generally a  dry day.

 The winds are picking up.

 They are strong from the south-west.

  They could even bring gusts up to gale-force.

 Windy Saturday, but  mostly dry.

 Sunday the strong winds are staying with us, but the cold  front will move south, bringing with it some rather heavy ran and  we have a weather warning in place

 The Prime Minister insists there's  no question of an invasion or occupation of Libya.

 His comments  come as rebels in the besieged city of Misurata come under heavy attack  from Colonel Gaddafi's forces.

 Debating the alternative vote - the  Conservatives and Liberal Democrats say the result of the referendum  won't split the coalition.

 The fire damaged M1 into London  won't be fully open in time for tomorrow morning's rush hour.

  And thousands of fun runners join  top athletes for a record-breaking  Good evening.

 The Prime Minister has insisted there will be no  occupation or invasion of Libya, in accordance with the UN Security  Council resolutions.

 But David Cameron admitted the terms of the  mandate restricted the coalition's ability to protect civilians.

  Opponents of Colonel Gaddafi say shelling by his forces in the west  city of Misurata has killed six people and wounded dozens more.

  There have been reports of rocket attacks at Ajdabiya in the east.

  More casualties of Libya's fight for freedom, injured rebels in  hospital in Benghazi.

 They are outgunned, but won't give up.

 Every  day there are new wounded from front lines in the east and the  west.

 Doctors here need more help.

 Some doctors went already to the  Misurata to help their brothers there.

 So, we are still, I cannot  say the crisis, we in deficit.

 We need more help, medical, doctors,  we want more help about medical equipment.

 This was the funeral for  a 20-year-old who fought from the first day.

 His family says proudly  that he stood his ground as the regime's fighters advanced on  Ajdabiya last weekend.

 But today, rebel there's were forced to  retreat again after heavy rocket fire.

 Yesterday they reached the  outskirts of the strategic oil town of Brega, but their advance was  short lived, as it usually is.

 The rebels have been planting landmines,  but it will take more than this to hold back the enemy and one  question keeps being asked: Where is NATO? We are waiting for NATO.

  In the besieged western city of Misurata, the rebels are pushing  forward into Gaddafi-controlled neighbourhoods.

 They lack training  and uniforms, but they are fighting on home turf.

 The city has become a  killing ground.

 David Cameron says he's certain the Libyan leader is  intent on murdering people there.

 But British troops will not be sent.

  There's no question of an invasion or an occupation.

 This is not about  Britain putting boots on the ground.

 That is not what we are about here.

  But so far, bombing missions have failed to put an end to the hell or  break the siege of Misurata.

 The suffering there was largely hidden  from view, but now, more details are emerging, more proof of the  slow death of the city.

 The pressure on NATO is increasing.

 It  has pledged to protect civilians, but if Misurata is the test, then  so far, NATO is failing.

 The Deputy Prime Minister, Nick  Clegg, has said there's a lot of mud slinging going on in the run up  to next month's referendum on the alternative voting system.

 This  came after the former Liberal Democrat leader, Paddy Ashdown,  accused the Conservatives of scaremongering over the vote.

 David  Cameron insisted the current system is the best and fairest for the  country.

 They may stand side by side in  Government, but David Cameron and Nick Clegg are on opposite sides of  the argument when it comes to the alternative vote and things are  getting a little tense.

 The yes campaign has been angered at the  suggestion, from the Chancellor, that their main backer would  benefit financially from the change.

 George Osborne was talking about  the Electoral Reform Society and a commercial spinnoff.

 He told a  newspaper "That stinks, frankly.

" This is a far fairer system.

 If we  can get the argument back to that and away from, I think the really  dreadful scaremongering that we've seen, of which George Osborne's  comments were only one example.

 point George Osborne made that the  Electoral Reform Society has a big funder, it's a funder of the yes  campaign, but it has a organisation that could make money out of it,  that's a fact.

 There's nothing wrong with bringing that fact out.

  What we've got to do in the closing days of this campaign is really  focus on what the change would mean.

 The no campaigners have targeted  Nick Clegg heavily over the past few weeks, and in particular the  fact this he wapbs described AV as a miserable little compromise.

  There's a lot of mud slinging going on.

 There's been a lot of far-  fetched claims being made.

 At the end of the day, what people really  want is just to remember why we're having this referendum.

 We're  having this referendum because after the expenses scandals, people  want some change.

 They want the system cleaned up.

 Whatever happens  on May 5, both men have said the coalition between the Conservatives  and the Lib Dems will continue, though their parties may begin to  grumble.

 Gary joins me now from Westminster.

  Prime Minister and his deputy saying that the coalition will be  fine, but we're going to see some very unlikely people sharing  platforms on this issue, aren't we? And how.

 Tomorrow, for example,  David Cameron will shir a platform with the ex-Labour Cabinet minister  Dr John Reid, a man who spent his lifetime fighting the Conservative  Party, one of Labour's attack dogs when it comes to the Conservative  Party.

 They will share a campaign arguing for a No vote in the  referendum.

 David Cameron saying that AV is a gut issue from his  point of view.

 In his gut he feels it's wrong.

 At the same time, this  is why the campaign's going head to head tomorrow, we will see the  Labour leader, Ed Miliband, again on a platform with the Lib Dem  Business Secretary, Vince Cable, he who had so much disagreement last  week with the coalition over their immigration policy.

 Mr Miliband  will say while AV isn't a panacea, he thinks it will bring about  fairer votes.

 The big question over the coming days is what the result  will mean for the coalition.

 Will it build tensions or will it be  something they can work through and carry on governing afterwards?  Thank you.

 The Transport Secretary, Philip  Hammond, has suggested scrapyards should not be allowed under roads  or railway lines, after a fire in North West London on Friday, led to  the closure of the M1.

 Parts of the very busy motorway remain closed  this evening, though the Highways Agency says it hopes to have some  traffic running in both directions tomorrow morning.

  It has been a frustrating weekend for drivers trying to use one of  the country's busiest stretches of motorway.

 And throughout today, a  seven-mile section of the M1, in North London, remained partially  closed.

 This is why, the damage caused by a fire on Friday, under  an elevated segment of the road.

 It's left parts of the bridge  charred, pieces of concrete crumbling away.

 The fire broke out  in a scrapyard.

 At one point there were concerns about gas cylinders  at the yard.

 The cause is ill St -- is still being investigated.

  Ministers say they will re-examine what kind of businesses should be  sited under major transport arteries.

 There's been a serious  fire under motorway elevation.

 Do we need to review what we allow to  happen under motorways.

 I think we are going to have to look very  carefully at what kind of activities can take place there.

  Die versions have remained in place.

 The focus for repair crews has been  to get as many lanes as possible in service for tomorrow's rush hour.

  Traffic is now flowing northbound, but parts of this bridge have been  so badly damaged, that engineers are putting in temporary supports  to make sure it can take the full weight of traffic when all lanes  are eventually re-opened.

 That could take some time, but the  Highways Agency expects to have at least two southbound lanes open by  tomorrow morning.

 The British National Party has said  it's offering people the chance to vote for common sense policies,  avalanching their English local election manifesto.

 The party is  fielding more than 200 candidates for councils in England and the  assemblies and parliments in Scotland, Wales and Northern  Ireland.

 At least 43 people have died in the  southern states of North America, as a result of severe weather.

  North Carolina is the latest state to be badly damaged, after 62  tornadoes swept through it.

 The governor has declared a state of  emergency.

 Oklahoma, ark saw, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia and  virge Jinnah are also affected.

 The operator of the Fukushima  nuclear complex expects to bring the situation there under control  in six to nine months.

 The plant has been leaking radiation since  last month's earthquake and tsunami.

 Radiation levels have spiked again  in the sea off Fukushima in recent days.

 Workers have been putting  steel sheets into the ocean to try to stop the contamination spreading.

  The plant's operator has been under pressure to come up with a plan to  end the crisis.

 Officials said the aim was first, to steadily reduce  the leakage of radiation.

 Then, to bring the reactors to a cold shut  down.

 TRANSLATION: As regard the time  table for achieving these goals, there are all kinds of risks  involved.

 However, we hope to achieve step one in three months  and step two in three to six months.

 The US Secretary of State, Hillary  Clinton, was in Tokyo today, a gesture of support to America's  main ally in Asia.

 She met the Prime Minister, Naoto Kan.

 He said  resolving the nuclear issue was his top priority.

 He must also plan how  to rebuild after the earthquake and tsunami.

 We are very confident that  Japan will demonstrate the resilience that we have seen during  this crisis in the months ahead, as you resume the very strong position  that you hold in the world today.

 This is the first time the people  of Japan have been given any idea of how long the crisis could last.

  For the tens of thousands of families, forced to abandon areas  near the plant, it's confirmation they won't be going home any time  soon.

 The government says it will review the evacuation zone towards  the end of the year.

 Now, with the big sports news of  the day, here's Olly Foster.

 Thank you very much.

 Hello.

 Next  month's FA Cup final will be between Manchester City and Stoke  City, after a surprisingly one- sided semi-final today, 5-0 to  Stoke against Bolton Wanderers, as the club reached its first ever FA  Cup final at a canter.

 Unfancied, unfashionable and  unstoppable.

 It was a day of pure euphoria for Stoke City.

 When  they've waited 148 years for an FA Cup final, who can blame them.

  Stoke's dleer yum will be matched by Bolton's despair.

 After Matthew  Etherington sweetly struck opener they fell to pieces.

  The second owed as much to the goalkeeper as the goal scorer.

 Once  a defence allowed Kenwyne Jones to pick his spot, stoke were up 3-0.

  Those who stayed behind had to watch defeat turn into a demolition,  two second-half goals for Jonathan Walters adding to Bolton's agony  and stoke's ecstasy.

 Indeed it was the most one-sided semi-final for  more than 70 years, a day when Stoke were simply stunning.

  There was another one-sided semi- final at Hampden Park as Celtic  beat Aberdeen 4-0 to reach the Scottish Cup final.

 It was only 0-0  at the break.

 Celtic soon ran away it -- away with it.

 One match in  the Premier League today, highlights are on Match Of The Day  two on BBC Two.

 If you want to know the result now, here it comes.

  Arsenal and Liverpool drew 1-1 at the Emirates with both goals coming  from injury time penalties.

 Kuyt with Liverpool's equaliser in the  last kick of the match.

 Arsene Wenger was furious that it came in  the 12th minute of stoppage time, when only eight minutes had  officially been added.

 It let to a slight disagreement with the  Liverpool manager, Kenny Dalglish.

 Tomasz Hamerlak stopped Sebastien  Vettel's winning streak in -- Lewis Hamilton stopped Sebastien Vettel's  winning streak today.

 He almost failed to make the start of the  Grand Prix.

 For all the millions spent on design and research,  several large rolls of kitchen towel proved important.

 His  mechanics mopped up Lewis Hamilton and got him onto the grid.

 What a  start it was.

 Sebastien Vettel was looking for a hat-trick of wins.

 He  watched Jenson Button and Hamilton go past him on the first corner.

  Mclaren in front for once.

 Staying there was all important.

 Strategy  was important and the execution.

 Button forgot who he was driving  for.

 His brief stop at the Red Bull garage cost him vital seconds.

  Vettel's two-stop strategy was wrong.

 Hamilton pitted three times.

  He was too quick for Button and he caught Vettel with four laps to go.

  He's looking up the inside.

 He's threw! I always said I really race  my heart and soul into it.

 I wasn't able to hold it in.

 It's one of the  best Grand Prix wins I can remember.

 It was a great race, Mark Webber's  drive from 18th to third also special and Red Bull will have  their day again, but this one belonged to Hamilton.

  Kenyan's dominated the elite races.

 But there were superheroes, rhinos  and all sorts of characters running  today, some could be going.

 It was  the London Marathon.

 36,500 runners set off.

 Amongst the  elite runners, the Kenyans dominated.

 Aged just 26, Emmanuel  Mutai won the men's race in two hours, four minutes, 40.

  Shaving an astonishing 30 seconds from the previous course best.

 His  countrywoman, Mary Keitany running her second ever marathon, took the  women's title in two hours 19 minutes.

 But it was Britain's David  Weir who powered through to win the elite men's wheelchair race, for a  record fifth time.

 It's been a morning of record-  breaking for the professionals.

 It's been no less of an achievement  for the 36,000 or so amateurs, who have made it here to the finishing  line on the Mall, many of whom have run through injury, exhaustion and  at times, an uncomfortably hot day.

 Among them was PC David Rathband,  blinded last year by gunman Raol Moat.

 About 19 mile in, I was  struggling.

 Fortunately I was able to put myself back in the car, when  I was shot.

 I just imagined I was running to the hospital.

 For others,  the physical demands of running 26.

2 miles proved too much.

  Sfrpblgts I've had a nightmare.

 I was doing ab lutely -- absolutely  fine until mile 24 and I was on target to do kind of four hours and  something, and next thing I knew I woke up in a St John's ambulance.

  She, like thousands of others running for charity, finished the  course, raising what organisers say will be well over ï¿½50 million for  charity.

 Well done to Sophie.

 I hope she  doesn't expect a day off tomorrow!

 Libyan  Libyan protesters  Libyan protesters seized  Libyan protesters seized control of  a town just 30 miles from Gadaffi's stronghold.

 As the people of  Zawiyah rise up against the regime, we report from the scene.

 This town  is surrounded but there is a very clear message coming from it, that  they are not going to give in.

 One person just said to me, this is a  revolution of Honour, it is a revolution of sanity.

  More Britons are flown out of the Libyan desert to safety in Malta by  British Special Forces And.

 It is risky and difficult but I judged  that it was the right thing to do.

 Birmingham City have lifted the  Carling Cup.

 The Blues beat Arsenal to win their  first major trophy in nearly 50 years.

  And limbering up for the Oscars - will tonight be the crowning glory  for the King's speech? Good evening.

 Colonel Gadaffi's grip on power in  Libya appears to be weakening tonight after protesters seized the  town of Zawiyah, just west of his power base in Tripoli.

 David  Cameron has called on Gadaffi to go immediately as the UN imposed  sanctions against the regime.

 We will report on today's opposition  success in the west of the country.

 We will be assessing the pressure  on Gadaffi's forces in the east and we will have the latest on the  rescue of Britons from the desert.

 Jeremy Bowen has just sent this  report.

 The convoy to Zawiyah was organised  by the Libyan authorities.

 The rod was busy, buses taking Chinese  evacuees to Tunisia.

 It was clear there was a strong military  presence loyal to Colonel Gadaffi.

 We passed the last checkpoint, left  her escort and drove into the enclave controlled by rebels in the  centre of the town.

 Gadaffi no good.

 No Gadaffi.

 Gaddafi no good.

  The old royalist flag of Libya was flying.

 They said they took control  of Zawiyah ten days ago.

 The regime said they would allow journalists  in to show they were not using all the force they had available  against the protesters, who are defiant and waiting.

 They can kill  all of us, but what they tell? Are we are looking for freedom, we have  a cause, what does he have? He can get lost.

  This town is surrounded but there is a very clear message coming from  it - that they are not going to give them.

 One person said to me,  this is a revolution of honour, it is a revolution of sanity.

  Some gave the BBC for own videos of the takeover.

 Estimates of the dead  go from ten to more than 20.

 The people said the sacrifices and more  were worth it.

 I am happy because it is the first time we can express  itself freely.

 We can speak freely and we can utter and make the world  here has, to hear our needs and demands.

  They are released to soldiers they had captured.

 Perhaps because the  people here are more united than the regime had claimed, with no  evidence of did drug-taking and religious extremism alleged by the  Colonel.

 We were taken next to probe Gadaffi demonstrations on the  edge of tier.

 They were clearly organised but there was genuine  resentment at the anti-government protesters and support for the  colonel and his family.

 We still have people around us.

 In Tripoli  we have half of the population of Libya.

 Do you think because of  10,000 or 5,000 people, even if they have legitimate grievances  against my father, it means that a whole population is against Colonel  Gadaffi? Off the regime and its opponents  have spoken of their fear of civil war.

 As pressure and Gadaffi  intensify is, it becomes more dangerous.

 Jeremy Bowen, BBC News,  Tripoli.

 The extent of territory still held  by Gadaffi is still unclear.

 John Simpson set out from Benghazi to  try to find the front line.

 He headed for Gadaffi's home town of  Sirt.

 From the safety of liberated  Benghazi we headed south then west along the coast.

 Colonel Gadaffi  had a villa here where he built a permanent place to live and sleep,  a kind of concrete tent.

 Locals say he used to slip away at night time  and sleep in the desert to avoid attempts on his life.

 Now there are  whole place has been thoroughly trashed.

 In a nearby town, they  have hanged his effigy and they are still celebrating their freedom.

  The battle for the town last week, video and by a demonstrator, was  short but fears.

 Four people died before the army and police melted  away.

 We drove on to the West through a sandstorm, towards the  area controlled by Colonel Gadaffi's own tribe.

 At this place,  in the hands of the opposition, one of the biggest oil refineries along  the coast is still operating normally after pro-Gadaffi forces  were driven out of it.

 This is as far as our local helpers are  prepared to take us.

 They say it is too dangerous for them to go any  further down the road.

 In fact, Colonel Gadaffi's stronghold of  Sirt is still miles away in that direction.

 They maintain that the  probability of meeting up with a pro-Gadaffi roadblock is simply too  great.

 When we were stopped at a checkpoint set up by the resistance,  we realised that the fears of our local helpers were well-founded.

  They were shooting? From this point on, the road leads  into territory which is still largely loyal to Colonel Gadaffi.

  For now, at any rate.

 Three RAF Hercules aircraft and  with special forces on board have spent a second day airlifting  people from the Libyan desert.

 HMS Cumberland has also returns to pick  up more evacuees and is tonight heading back to Malta.

 From there,  Gavin has sent this report.

 Midday, and three RAF Hercules  aircraft are lauded for special missions in Libya.

 This special  forces rescue mission to Libya, the second in two days, reflects the  Government's view that, with the situation deteriorating, the window  of opportunity to get British workers out is narrowing.

 Yesterday  74 Britons were arrested.

 The him was to reach multiple locations  today in the eastern Libyan desert.

 Several hours later, the first of  their Hercules touched down in Malta.

 A further 150 civilians had  been rescued, although it is not yet clear how many of them are  British.

 This man said his vehicle had been stolen by men with  machetes and Kalashnikovs.

 We're happy to get out because we do not  know what will happen in the near future.

 What was it like seeing an  RAF Hercules coming to save you? Should best feeling I have had for  a long time.

 As the aeroplanes arrive back, the  Prime Minister praised the courage of the rescue teams.

 I am sure  everyone will be relieved.

 good work has been done today and I pay  tribute to our brave personnel who have carried it out.

  HMS Cumberland has made a second visit to Benghazi.

 200 civilians  were taken on board, including 50 British citizens, some with  harrowing stories.

 Certain people who we know personally were killed,  and they captured some of these mercenaries.

 The mercenaries  entered the town where we wear and they killed some Libyans.

  The Foreign Office believes that the vast majority of British  nationals who want to leave have left.

 Only small numbers remain.

  This evening Britain has frozen the UK assets of Colonel Gadaffi and  his family after a resolution by the United Nations Security Council.

  Well mounting international pressure have any impact? What can  Britain, the Americans and the rest of the UN to to rid Libya of  Gadaffi's regime without further bloodshed? Frank Gardner is here.

  At this stage in the Tunisian and Egyptian uprisings, the leader had  left.

 Libya is different.

 It is a country divided, and the regime is  far less susceptible to international pressure.

 It is  getting harder to give a semblance of normality.

 Are run on the bank,  Tripoli style.

 Libyans have been rushing to cash-in on the  announcement that the Gadaffi regime will now pay £250 to every  family.

 It is calling it redistribution of wealth.

 Its  opponents say it is a desperate bribe by a court ordered regime.

  Will those in favour of the trust Brett -- of the draft resolution.

.

.

  The UN has placed an embargo on travel for Gadaffi and his aides as  well as the freezing of a four -- of assets.

 There is great concern  about what is going on.

 It is quite unusual to get a completely  unanimous UN resolution.

 If what difference will it make to this  man's mind? Probably not much.

 Advisers close to the mark clearly  telling him to tough it out.

 As long as he has control of the  capital and paramilitaries it will be hard to dislodge him, even  though he is increasingly hemmed in.

 The whole of eastern Libya is now  out of regime hands.

 The western town of Zawiyah is also in  opposition hands.

 The government is still talking to the regime.

  I think one has to keep a distance from a dictator.

 We do have to do  business with countries we disagree with.

 We still have to do it.

 I  called the Libyan Foreign Minister last night.

  Colonel Gaddafi has now been deserted by one of his closest  companions, his personal nurse from the Ukraine.

 He is said to be  deeply attached to her, but today she got one up last flights out and  flew home.

 Libya is now in a sort of stalemate  because Gadaffi has neither won nor lost this contest.

 The sanctions  are Rob Lowe but not a one fatal one.

 It will probably take  something dramatic and violent to remove this regime.

  In Tunisia at the Prime Minister has resigned following days of  increasing unrest.

 There were more protests on this -- on the streets  of Tunis, prompting Mohamed Ghannouchi to make an announcement  on state TV.

 Many demonstrators want fast reforms, that -- the  removal of all those associated with the former President Ben Ali's  regime.

 Opposition leader Enda Kenny has  promised to try to renegotiate the Northern Ireland -- the Republic of  Ireland's European bail-out when he takes power.

 Fine Gael is set to  become the largest party in the Republic of Ireland after this  weekend's election.

 This report contains flash photography.

  This is the man who is promising to rebuild the Irish economy.

  Opposition leader Enda Kenny is Ireland Pires -- island's Prime  Minister in waiting.

 A government which was in charge when Ireland  went from boom to bust has been voted out.

 Enda Kenny says the  Irish people have shown the world that democracy works.

 It has been a  democratic revolution here.

 People did not take to the streets, they  took to the ballot boxes in giving their verdict through democracy.

  won the most votes but not an overall majority.

 It looks like he  will try to form a coalition with the Irish Labour Party.

 The new  government will try to renegotiate the terms of Ireland's  international bail-out.

 What are their chances of success? There may  be some flexibility in terms of rates of interest or the length of  time that Ireland gets to repay the money, but the money still has to  be repaid.

 It is 85 billion euros.

 That debt looms large over the next  Prime Minister.

 Enda Kenny faces two key challenges - first, to form  a stable government and then to try to produce a stable economy.

 It is  not going to be easy.

 In less than three pastime the 83rd  Annual Academy Awards get under way.

 The King's Speech tops the Oscar  nominations with no fewer than 12, including a Best Actor nomination  for Colin Firth.

 Rajesh Mirchandani is in Los Angeles for us now.

  Thank you.

 The red carpet has officially opened a few moments ago.

  Some of Hollywood's most famous faces will soon be processing along  behind me.

 That is a local TV reporter, well known by the crowd.

  Among them will be the start and come up -- some of the crew of The  King's Speech.

 It has the most nominations and comes into Oscar's  they with the greatest momentum.

 Will that be enough to sway the  Academy's voters? We will find out soon.

 Colin Firth is nominated in  the best actor category.

 If his name is not called, it will raise  many eyebrows here.

 He is the hottest favourite.

 In terms of  other certainties, Natalie Portman has won a string of awards for  blacks one.

 She might do the same thing ever name is not called.

 Look  out for Christian bill for The Fighter.

 Banksy Will be interesting  light is the hidden but he has been told he cannot come in disguise.

 It  will be interesting to see what happens if his name is called.

  Birmingham City are celebrating their first trophy for 40 years.

 --  for 48 years.

 They beat Arsenal 2-1 in the Carling Cup final.

 Obafemi  Martins scored the winner with just over a minute to go at Wembley.

  Birmingham City have lifted the Carling Cup.

 If it was a day for  the underdog - Birmingham City, unfancied, unfashionable, but as it  turned out unbeatable.

 The trophy was meant to be  Arsenal's.

 Birmingham's lead did not last long as steel met style, a  sumptuous finish from Robin van Persie.

 After the break, it seemed  that only Ben Foster's brilliance stood between Arsenal 1 victory.

 So  nothing prepared us for this, one of the great Cup final clangers.

 A  moment of glory for Obafemi Martins and a moment of madness for Arsenal.

  They could scarcely believe it at.

 Birmingham City have won the  Carling Cup! Alex McLeish's side had defied the  bookies and beating the favourite.

 A horrible day for Arsenal, but  Birmingham in one's mind that.

 Their first trophy since 1963.

 It  has been well worth the wait.

 Andrew Strauss prettiness captain's  performance to lead England to a remarkable tie against India at the  cricket World Cup.

 Sachin Tendulkar became the first batsman to score  five centuries in a World Cup -- in World Cups.

 He set an intimidating  target of 339, but Strauss step up to produce a brilliant century.

 In  the end, England needed two runs from the final ball for victory.

 A  single gave him a memorable tie.

 Despite a late fightback, Scotland  fell to their star -- their third straight defeat in the Six Nations,  beaten 2118 by Ireland at Murrayfield.

 Declan Kidney's side  ran in three unanswered tries,

 Then we go through Monday into  Tuesday, we see the windfalling lighter, maybe some clear skies,  leading to a touch of frost.

 Another wester system catches it up  to produce a wet day.

 A bit of early brightness in the eastern  most parts but we will see the cloud and rain push in here and  temperatures will be lifting.

 The week ahead looks mild but there  will be a bit of rain at times.

 Bye Thousands of anti-Government  protesters in Bahrain have re- occupied the capital's Pearl Square.

  They've retaken the focal point of the uprising after riot police and  the army pulled back on the orders of the Crown Prince.

 The withdrawal  was a condition set out by the opposition for starting talks.

  The UK Foreign Secretary has denounced the crackdown describing  it as unacceptable and horrifying and has urged governments across  the region to refrain from violence.

 Labour has described as staggering  figures showing that Barclays paid £113 million in corporation tax in  2009, less than 3% of its multibillion pound profits.

 The tax  rate is 28%, but Barclays says its bill was so low because of losses  it had incurred the previous year.

 New guidelines are being published  for social workers in England aimed at encouraging more adoptions of  ethnic minority children by white couples.

 Local authorities will be  told not to delay placing a child, even if the prospective family is  of a different racial background.

 The Government's rejected claims by  the Labour leader that it plans to rip up the NHS.

 In a speech to the  Welsh Labour Party conference, he warned that public opposition to  the scheme would dwarf the anger provoked by the now abandoned plans  to sell off England's forests.

 If you are away from the television  you can keep up to date by watching BBC News live on the web.

  There will be a full bulletin at the top of the hour, now it's time  for Click.

 The problem with the big technology  conferences is they are work, work, work.

 Reply, send.

  You just don't get time to have any Welcome to Click.

 I am Spencer  Kelly, and welcome to glorious Barcelona, one of the most  beautiful cities on the planet.

 That is the Magic Fountain of  Montjuic, and that is the Museum of Art, and it is in the shadow of  this building that the mobile markets come to schmooze, show-off  and salivate over the latest technology.

 From phones that pay  for your shopping, to phones that become your laptop.

 We will find  how past visions of what our mobile phones might be used for one day  are becoming reality.

 Nice tablet, but what about the operating  system? We show off the yet to be released tablets and their  innovative new operating systems are vying for your attention.

 Plus,  Kate has a little something from the golden age of radio in Webscape.

  All right, enough of the pretty buildings, the show we want is over  here.

 This is the Mobile World Congress.

 In the world of  technology, every year seems to throw up its own lot of milestones,  and 2010 was no exception.

 There are now more than five billion  mobile connections worldwide.

 That means there are three times as many  phones as PCs on the planet.

 The amount of data we consumed on our  mobiles nearly tripled from the previous year.

 And, by the end of  the year Google's Android operating system had overtaken Nokia's  Symbian and was operating more types of tablet than any other.

 But  more important than figures, perhaps, is this notion that these  days our mobile phone is more valuable than our wallets, that  information is more important than cash.

 So, will 2011 live up to the  promises of everything that has come before? Dan Simmons is on the  floor of the show to check out what is new this year.

  Mobile executives like to talk a lot.

 And sometimes it's hard for a  visitor to the industry's biggest talking shop to work out in which  direction mobiles are going.

 But this year, a number have talked up  ideas from the past are about to become reality.

 Despite the hype,  four years ago, Nokia's N95 was never really going to replace your  computer, but Motorola's new Atrix when it is released this spring  might do just that.

 Like today's laptops, it has got a dual-core  processor.

 This Moto says hello to fingerprint recognition security,  and by slotting into the back of its docking station, it becomes a  laptop.

 Switching from Android to Linux.

 Now we get a Firefox browser  and Office applications, and the opportunity to text from the laptop  using the phone's Wi-Fi or 3G connection.

 Dual-core processor  chips are new for this year.

 They are speeding up handsets like  Samson's new Galaxy S, due out next month.

 Although many of its samples  were quickly running out of battery life.

 With all that new processing  power, running out of juice is a major concern.

 Chip maker Corecom  has a 1.

5 gigahertz processor for mobiles, not far off today's  laptops.

 Here it is being used to film and simultaneously display hi-  def video.

 The company says by closely managing the times when  both cause are needed at once, battery life will not suffer as  much.

 We will see.

 3D has taken off in cinemas, then  it moved to new televisions, and now it is heading to our handset.

  LG attracted a lot of attention with the world's first phone with a  3D screen.

 It also films in the 3D.

 But the lack of 3D content may be a  problem.

 Not so with this new 3D chip from Movidius.

 Like LG's phone,  it does not need glasses to work.

 But this chip can transform all  power to dimensional content to three-dimensional on the fly.

 This  demo was certainly impressive and it is expected to ship in handsets  in the next 12 months.

 Now to another promise we heardr,  that one day we would be able to reach for our phones, not our  wallets, to pay for everything simply by touching our handset on a  payment reader.

 It has happened in Japan, and now the technology,  called NFC, or near field communication, is being rolled out  across Europe.

 By the end of the year nearly half of all smartphones  are expected to have an NFC chip built in.

 In the UK alone, more  than 20,000 terminals will accept payment.

 You'll be able to go on  the Metro just by touching your phone on the reader.

 You'll be able  to make small payments.

 You'll be able to buy a coffee, for example.

  You'll be able to access information reading the time of the  next bus or train.

 And you'll be able to have your loyalty cards all  stored on to your phone instead of having yet another plastic card in  your wallet.

 And if you don't want to change your handset, Korean  operator SK Telecom revealed it is working on embedding technology  into a standard sim card.

 There is a limit to how smart our  phones can be if they cannot get a signal.

 A couple of years ago Click  showcased a new technology called femtocells.

 They are small bases in  your own home.

 It plugs into your phone line, which it uses to send  back data to the operator.

 Because our mobile numbers are  unique to each of us and because we pretty much carry around our mobile  phones wherever we go, this cell knows when we are at home.

 And it  can use that information to deliver some pretty useful services.

 For  example, it could send a text to mum to let her know that little  Johnny has got home from school OK.

 It can turn the central heating on  for him.

 If I have got this connected up to my entertainment  system, when I get a call it could automatically pause the movie I am  watching so that I can take it.

 And I don't need a smart phone to  operate the system, the cell will work with pretty much any old phone.

  If the size of the unit is worrying you, well, they have done something  for you there as well.

 This is an engineering sample of what the cell  will look like shortly.

 It uses USB.

 This is what it will look like at  the end of the year.

 And if you wanted even more control over your  home, meet this man in Barcelona.

 The green monster plug acts as a  superrouter, talking bluetooth and 3G to communicate with your tech  gear.

 It sends back the information in real-time to your handset.

 He  has 180 things he can fiddle with, although the lights need not be on  if nobody is at home.

 That's just showing off.

  Elsewhere, Sony revealed its PlayStation phone the Experia Play  which supports many classic titles with PS controls.

 And cementing  Facebook's place in the mobile world HTC unveiled two phones with  dedicated Facebook buttons.

 When it comes to phones Britons spend more  than half their online lives looking at Facebook.

 This is what  social networking has become.

 OK, more gadgets in a sec, but first a  round-up of this week's technical news.

 -- technology news.

 Google  has launched a new subscription payment service for newspapers and  my called one pass, users of Android devices will be given the  option of managing their subscriptions in one place using  one user name and one password.

 Google's and as becomes are the  Apple revealed a similar subscription surface, although one  pass undercuts its rival by asking publishers to give up just 10 % of  revenue generated instead of the 30 % that Apple is remark -- demanded.

  The American quiz-show Jeopardy has pitted two of its most successful  champions over supercomputer called Watson.

 This computer took a  convincing winner of more than $77,000, roundly trounced in the  fumes.

 Built by IBM, Watson has no connection to the internet but uses  storage to churn through a massive database of knowledge.

 IBM is  heralding a victory as a new era for computing as understanding the  subtleties of human questions has traditionally been a tough task for  computers.

 And New York City's Health Department has launched an  iPhone and Android application to the close as locations for them  handing out free condoms.

 For the past five years New York city's  health department has offered free condoms at thousands of locations  across the Big Apple in an effort to promote safe sex.

  Here is an unusual thing to see on a smart phone.

 Two sim cards slots.

  Now, these kind of phones are popular in some parts of the world  but they are not very common in Europe and that is mainly because  the operators don't like the idea of subsidising an expensive phone  only to have you pop someone else's Sim card in there.

 I will show you,  if you go to the dialling menu you can choose which line, which phone  number you are going to call from and you can receive calls at any  time on either of the two numbers that are in there.

 So, an  interesting idea for possibly popping in a foreign sim card when  you touch down in Spain and not being charged roaming but that's  not the only way of doing this.

 Follow me.

 I'd like to introduce  you to Nigel Waller, it's founder and CEO of a company called  Movirtu.

.

 You were talking to the mobile networks about giving them  technology that would give them the option to provide any phone user  with five or six numbers without having to fit that card in the  phone.

 If you came to Spain you would receive a text message from  your operater from the UK saying welcome to Spain.

 We would be  pleased to offer you a local number which you pay a subscription fee  for, which enables you to be more connected when you are here locally.

  The clients can phone you on a local number which they would  prefer to do rather than phoning an expensive international number.

  at the moment the operators make a lot of money out of roaming charges,  especially data but also calls.

 How are you going to persuade them to  throw that away and give you a cheaper local number? What we are  doing is we are enabling them to get loyalty across the multiple  countries.

 When you came to that airport if you want to get a local  number you have a free choice of which network to use.

 You will pick  up a local sim and you have a one in five chance it's going to be on  your home network.

 What we are enabling them to do is get loyalty  for that subscriber base across multiple countries across Europe  and beyond.

 The idea is you will automatically go to which ever  provider you are with in the UK, you will go to their Spanish French,  American equivalent? Exactly.

 Just makes your life easier, those  numbers will work in parallel all at the same time so you can receive  calls on any of the numbers.

 You can make calls on any number.

 It  defaults to the country that you are in but you can pick and choose  which number you want to send messages on so it makes your life  easier and people are willing to pay for that ease of life.

 Bet of  The Mobile World Congress has been about one type of device.

 Naturally.

  The mobile phone.

 This year, for the first time there is a second  device which is really making a noise.

 The tablet.

 Now, tablets  present their manufacturers with a particular interesting challenge,  how do you get customers interested in your device over anyone else's  when they are all essentially big black shiny rectangles? You do it  by getting people excited about the operating system and the eco system  that surround it.

 You try and make it as fun as interesting as  possible.

 Google's android, they have a slide! This is the Motorola  zoom.

 The first tablet to sport the new version of goggle's Android  operating system, Honeycomb 3.

0.

 So if first thing you notice is there  are no traditional Android hard wear button, everything is  controlled through software buttons bg back and home.

 Next thing I  launch the browser is the browser looks a lot more like Google Chrome  with tabs there.

 The YouTube ap has been redesigned for Android 3.

0.

  There are your videos on the video wall.

 You have live widgets, this  is the YouTube one.

 So it is constantly updating with the most  popular videos and down here we have a books ap.

 Does that sound  familiar? Just one more thing.

 It is not brand-new but the latest  version of Google Maps looks impressive on a large screen,  especially as you can zoom in and stroke down and see 3-D buildings.

  Now this is a long-awaited first look at HP's touch pad which is  running the webOS operating system.

 It is not quite finished so they  won't let anyone touch it who might break it.

 So everybody, meet Tim's  finger.

 Now, webOS this version can do a few things the Precan't yet.

  You may remember the Palm Pre switches between application by  swiping between cards.

 You can now stack different cards or  application into whatever group you want.

 Maybe the review of a  restaurant, the map of how to get there and e-mail from a friend who  is meeting you there.

 So you can organise things the way you want.

  The Palm Pre introduced a feature called Synergy where all your  contact, calendars would be pulled in to the device, doesn't matter  where they were from.

 Now you can do the same with photos.

 You can  look at Facebook comments if you want, and you can from any  application print to any HP printer.

 And, if you can suffer sites and  you want to transfer them to your Palm Pre, so you can carry on  looking at them when you are out.

 You Dutch the Preto the touchpad  they will be transferred to the phone.

 Fans of swiping between  applications and closing them by flipping them off the screen might  like BlackBerry Playbook.

 Here it is showing off its muscles by  running Hi-Def video, games and other processor intensive stuff at  the same time.

 You can access the menus by swiping the bezel.

 The  area outside the screen and like the HP Touchpad and Palm Pre  pairing, the play book can compare -- can pair with your BlackBerry  phone, sharing con taant and e-mail.

 -- contact.

 Then there is this  little oddity.

 MeeGo.

 Backed by intel and Nokia among oh although  last week's announcement that Nokia smartphones will use windows 7  suggests its support will be from a further back in the stands.

 The  operating system is designed for a variety of device, here is the  tablet offering, where although you do have a standard list of ap, the  main screen consists of panels, giving you access to your personal  content, add as many as you need and customise them to your heart's  content.

 The net book version looks different.

 Click through the multi-  coloured tabs to select different parts of the system.

 From  applications to media and so on.

 So much choice these days.

 Well, to  discuss it I have got flora Graham, the mobile editor of C net UK.

 So  many tablet operating systems, good for consumer choice or bad for  Cowan consumer confusion? I think the operators would say choice is  best, some of them will fall by the way side.

 People aren't interested  in doing way too much research before they buy something.

 I think  both the BlackBerry and webOS have done great things, but what they  don't have is the variation of Android.

 I think Android will come  out on top.

 Before Mobile World Congress started there was possibly  the biggest announcement we have heard from noebg ya.

 They are  abandoning similar ian operating system and going with Windows Phone  7.

 That has to be seismic.

 It is a shocker.

 We heard the rumours but I  didn't believe it until I saw it.

 It is such a turn about for Nokia.

  But I think Microsoft comes out on top in that, because their new  phone system 7 hasn't taken off as it could have and now they have the  biggest mobile phone phone maker in the world behind them.

 So two  company, ever so slightly behind the curve, getting together and  hoping to win out? Absolutely.

 But don't forget knock ya, even though  their user interface was considered tired it is by far the biggest  selling moef maker in the world.

 So they have the money coming in, they  have the expertise and they have made mad fanatic hard wear, even if  the software is not up to scratch.

 Combine that with Mike crow soft's  operating system and it could turn out to be a nice phone.

 It could  take it to something people ask for when they go to the shop.

 Thank you.

  Your thoughts will be welcome.

 E- mail or tweet us as normal.

 Details  coming soon.

 First up Kate Russell and web scrape -- Webscape.

 Dan  Simmons showed us neat kit for you budding pro photographers but if  like me you need Extra help with your digital dexterity check out  Photo.

tutsplus this site is crammed with great tutorials and helpful  articles to fine tune your fine art photography.

 There is a huge amount  of free content here, which should suit people from beginnerser all  the way up to intermediate.

 This is the obligatory premium subscription  which is more geared to teaching you professional techniques for you  uber snappers.

 Beguns should start with the basic sections which  covers everything from lighting and composition.

 There is a reasonable  amount of video for free but it is ad supported you will have to sit  through a brief commercial and once you get into the swing of things  join the community and take part in the Friday photo critique to get  food back on your work from friendly peers.

 Ever wondered how  far the drive to your mother-in- law's is in nautical miles? No?  Well that is just one of the many features served up by this clever  little Android ap.

 Speedview.

 It's a GPS speedometer that makers say  is more accurate than the one in your car.

 It can be used to measure  the speed an distance covered whether you are driving, cycling,  running or hiking.

 Driving in the dark, the hud mode is cool, as it  mirrors the display you can place your hand set on your dashboard and  have the numbers reflect up against the windscreen.

 I should imagine  the alert mode is useful if you don't want to get a ticket.

 You can  set three different speeds for three different road types and just  have the ap running in the background to warn you as soon as  you are in danger of breaking the law.

 It is worth noting though,  that the accuracy depends on your GPS reception quality so you still  need to keep an eye on your car's dial if you trlve through a dead  spot.

 -- travel.

 Here is something to entertain you while you driving.

  Audio adventures for those who hanker for the golden age of  classical radio plays.

 Another page from the case book of that blas ter  of mystery black Jack justice.

 I have enjoyed listening to these  quirk I can stories.

 At 20-30 minutes each episode they make the  perfect companion to my walk to my station once saved as an MP3.

 New  episodes are released on the first of each month and the whole  catalogue is on the site.

 It is free but to help the company keep  going you are invited to make a donation or buy the hard copy books  if you want to.

 In obligation of course.

 -- no obligation.

 Kate's  links are available at the website.

 While you are there you can watch  this programme again as a video stream, and if you would like to  get in touch with us, we would like to hear from you.

 E-mail us or  tweet us.

 Let us know what you make of the device, the operating  systems, the echo system.

 Thank you for watching and we will see you  Good afternoon.

 The weather there with Spencer in Barcelona looked  better than our own.

 We have seen some sunshine, but for many it has  ban dismal day.

 Even into this evening a lot of cloud round and a  bit of damp weather.

 The heaviest of the rain and hill snow is  departing off into the North Sea, you can see the whiter clouds are  where the heaviest rain is associated.

 Is close to eastern  most counties and the North East of Scotland, particularly  Aberdeenshire but it will fizzle out.

 Damp and drizzly in some spots.

  Away from that we see the cloud breaks, filling in with mist and  low cloid and a lot of hill fog.

 Chilly to the east and north.

 We  have the cloud breaks continuing, northern Scotland will see a frost  first thing but sunshine in the north Highlands.

 Could see a bit of  sunshine to the southern up lards - - Uplands.

 Cumbria and parts of  Lancashire will see a bit of morning brightness, across much of  eastern inland lit Abdul start.

 The rain drizzle quite insignificant in  amounts but not a nice start.

 To the west the skies brighter, round  western parts of Dartmoor, to the north of Exmoor and the north and  west of Wales will see sunnier moments.

 Northern Ireland generally  cloudy, quite a stiff south-eastly breeze but temperatures rounds six  or seven.

 Through the day, it is western areas where the brightest  of the breaks will be, especially to the west and north of higher  grounds.

 West Wales, north Wales, parts of Scotland and the Highlands.

  Elsewhere cloudy, light rain and drizzle to the coast.

 Could turn  sleety on hire ground and remaining chilly, especially with the breeze  in the east.

 Sunday night and into Monday we start off dry, but we  bring in a band of rain that will turn to sleet or hill snow in north  Wales.

 Any where northwards could see a spell of snow to take us into  Monday morning.

 Things drying off for a time after but we see another  band of cloud and rain starting to sweep in.

 This will be setting us  up for mild winds through the rest of the week.

 It will be a slow  process, we could see snow on the

 Welcome to South East Today, I'm  Polly Evans.

 And I'm Rob Smith.

 Tonight's top  stories.

 A 17-year-old is raped in St Leonards.

 Police hunt two  attackers caught on CCTV.

 We'll be live in the town tonight with the  latest.

 Defying a devastating diagnosis,  the young mum with leukaemia given just weeks to live, who's now  recovering after taking a new drug.

 We just cannot believe it.

 By was  not even supposed to be here at Christmas so it has been a pretty  good Christmas this year.

 Also in tonight's programme: a new  report says there isn't enough airport capacity.

 Could it mean a  revival of the plans for Boris Island?  Why the women of Deal are being encouraged to strip off.

  And not so naughty but nice.

 The chocolatier who claims the tastiest  chocolate is made, not with cream Good evening.

 Detectives in Sussex  are trawling through hours of CCTV footage as they investigate the  rape of a young woman in St Leonards on Sea.

  Police say that two men were involved in the attack late on  Friday evening, one held the 17- year-old down while the other  attacked her.

 Our Home Affairs Correspondent Colin Campbell  reports.

 Punched in the face and forced to  the ground, it was a violent sexual attack.

 This is where the 17 year-  old girl was raped on Friday night.

 It is a lay-by off a road.

  victim of this awful attack was walking on Harrow Lane, in St  Leonards on Sea, when she was approached by two men, one black,  one white.

 She was punched to the face by the white man and then  forced to the ground and raped.

 teenager, who was at the time  visiting friends, has given detailed descriptions.

 The first  man is described as black, large build, a London accent and was  wearing a grey hooded tracksuit and white trainers.

 The second was  white, with small build, a southern accent, black hooded tracksuit and  white trainers.

 The victim reported the attack to police on Saturday  evening after telling her mother what had happened.

 She was targeted  as she turned into Harrow Lane.

 She was at the time walking alone.

  don't come along here by myself normally.

 By more is in my car.

 I  will definitely think more carefully about that from now on.

  It is a safe area.

 But not heard of anything else happening around here  like that.

 -- I have not heard.

 Police have increased patrols in  the area.

 They say at present there is nothing to suggest this is  anything other than an isolated incident.

  And our reporter Paul Siegert has been following the story and joins  us from Hastings now.

 The police are asking for the public's help  tonight.

 You heard him column's report that  they will be carrying out house-to- house inquiries of the next few  days and they believe that the public hold the key to solving this  crime.

 They are urging anyone who recognises the description of the  two men to come forward and although they are saying this is an  isolated incident, they are urging Giblin Hastings and tonight not to  go out alone.

 If you do go out, stick to well lit, main roads were  of a possible.

 -- wherever possible.

 In October,  Natalie Langworthy, was told she had just weeks to live.

 She was 34,  with an 18 month old baby and a bone marrow transplant to cure her  leukaemia had not worked.

 The cancer had returned explosively.

  But her fiance refused to accept the diagnosis, and managed to get  her on a trial for a new drug in Germany.

 Six weeks into the trial  and Natalie, born and brought up in Maidstone, is in remission and  hopes for her future are high.

 Lynda Hardy travelled to Wurzburg  to meet her.

 Playing with her daughter, Natalie  can now face life instead of the death she had been told to prepare  for.

 I instantly thought, and go to miss every birthday so I decided it  would be best to go and get the next 20 cards until her 21st  birthday and Christmas and dried them all for her.

 But then after a  few days, when we found out about the chemical trial, I decided it  was a bad idea because I had already given up.

 If I didn't write  them, I knew I was going to live through the next few years.

 We  don't know how many but it feels like it is going to be quite a long  time now.

 Eight months after giving birth, Natalie was diagnosed with a  cute leukaemia.

 -- acute.

 It is a cancer more commonly it associated  with children.

 After six months of chemotherapy, she was given a bone  marrow transplant.

 But three months later, she was told the leukaemia  had returned explosively, giving her precious little time left to  live.

 It was a mixture of despair and thinking I have to defend it, I  have to find an alternative, there must be an alternative.

 After three  days of searching around the world, and the foul day drug trial  treating patients with less than these poor prognosis.

 It works by  recognising a protein on the surface of leukaemia cells and  binding itself to it.

 But then directs the body's defensive cells  towards the tumour cells to destroy them.

 When she came to of hospital,  her burden was very high, her bone marrow presented with approximately  70 % of the cells being leukaemic.

 Within one hour of starting the  treatment, the other cells started fighting.

 Of just seven days after  receiving the drug, doctors could not see any sign of leukaemia in  and Lesley's body.

 For now it seems so positive.

 We cannot believe it.

  I was not even supposed to be here at Christmas so it was a pretty  good Christmas this year.

 It is a very significant development in did  win.

 It is allowing them to come to a patient like this lady who has  had a transplant but he still has disease present and to use the  body's immune system to in effect mop up the disease.

 Lesley's goal  is to gain weight to build herself up for a second bone-marrow  transplant.

 Natalie.

 Eating chocolate helps, a simple, everyday  task which she is now able to enjoy almost as much as a daughter.

 And  if you'd like to hear more about that treatment in an extended  interview with the doctor involved, then go to our website.

  In a moment: revealed, the outlandish plan to kidnap Hitler  There's outrage in Deal after an American company making adult  movies said it plans to bring a roadshow to the town to encourage  local women to strip off and take part.

  Girls Gone Wild want to film local women in their underwear and some  topless.

 The local MP has described the venture as disgusting.

 Simon  Jones joins us from the town now.

 Simon, why has Deal been singled  out? The company said it carried out a  vote amongst its viewers of where they would like to see its roadshow  come to.

 Surprisingly, this town came in the top 10.

 It said it was  bring its own goals from America and encourage local people to take  part.

 The MP says this could lead We are taking the bus, the jet, and  whatever else he can to discover the hottest girls you've ever seen.

  This is what could be heading our way, local women invited in the  words of the film-makers, to lose their inhibitions.

 Although nudity  is not compulsory, many do expose themselves and the footage is  released on the adult market.

 will damage the reputation of the  town and young women.

 Deal is a beautiful town everyone for people  to come here, visit the castle, have a nice day out by the seaside.

  We don't want this programme.

 publicity states a visit from the  tour bus could warm your cockles and set the temperature to  scorching.

 Your village stunner could be the star of her own show.

  That will capture real, carefree college students as they celebrate  fund and is full expression.

 At this traditional cafe, they are  keeping an open mind.

 If I don't know if anywhere is the right place  for that kind of thing, really.

 Certainly, our tarot is a  interesting plays -- hour to Fowler is a danger still plays which is  very bohemian.

 The company admits this will raise eyebrows.

 Deal is a  retirement place and it is totally inappropriate for this area.

 I rub  for anything, yeah, Bring It On.

 That is all I can say.

 I don't  think this town that is ready for that.

 Definitely not.

 Each to their  role, that is all I would say, to be honest.

 It is their choice, if  that is what they want to do.

 There is some good money to be made out  of it from what I hear.

 If the roadshows says it hopes to arrive  this summer.

 The company says this is not exploitation.

 Anyone  deciding to take part would give their full consent but a local MP  says the message the American -- a to the American film-makers is you  are not welcome here.

 In other news: Tributes have been  paid following the death of a pregnant schoolgirl and her baby in  Kent.

 15-year-old Leah La Roche and her baby Tia died at Medway  Maritime Hospital on Thursday.

 It is believed she had suffered a  cardiac arrest.

 Hundreds of people have joined a Facebook page set up  in tribute.

 Kent Police said they were not treating the death as  The Mayor of London Boris Johnson has been warned he's on a collision  course with the government, over airport expansion in the South East.

  Tomorrow he'll release a report claiming there should be increased  aviation capacity in the region.

 It comes just months after the  Government ruled out building new runways at Gatwick and Heathrow.

  Katherine Downes reports.

 How do you know I cannot deliver  coconuts?! He's known for being outspoken, often controversial but  Boris's latest project, a report calling for airport expansion in  the South East - is likely to throw him into the flight path of his own  party.

 The latest report puts Boris on a collision court with the  government because the government has said clearly there will be no  more runways in the south-east.

 Boris knows that and he's opposed  to a third runway at Heathrow but his pet project over the past  couple of years has been the construction of 40 billion pound  airport on islands in the Thames Estuary.

 Plans that have been  dismissed by the Prime Minister.

 There are no plans for an airport  that the Thames estuary or Kent.

 As he knows, we have scrapped the  plans for a third runway at Heathrow.

 Despite seeming to toe  the party line after his Thames Estuary dreams were squashed in the  Commons, private memos seen by the BBC showed he still believed he  could build an airport there.

 would be irresponsible of only one  who cares about the long-term future of this city and its economy  not to look at all the options.

 That is what we will be doing.

  this number, you have said this is the biggest and bravest project you  could do.

 Publicly, you've said you have a lot any aspiration to do  this.

 Produce this memo! It's not clear whether tomorrows report will  renew calls for an airport in the Thames Estuary, or on the marshes  at Cliffe.

 Let the chap have a daydream about the world he would  like to see but I am afraid on Planet Earth, nothing of this sort  is ever going to happen.

 A was elected to serve the residents of  Gillingham and drain them, their concern is my priority.

 Tomorrow's  report could be met with new enthusiasm by members of the public.

  Expansion of the new airports could deliver new jobs and that this  could be enough to turn the tide of public opinion on what has always  been a very controversial topic.

 Does anyone think that this report  is going to make any difference? Boris Johnson certainly hopes so  and it was he who commissioned members a city hall to compile the  report.

 Go on conversations I've had today, I'm not sure people will  necessary change their mind.

 If this airport were to go ahead and  it was originally floated in 2008, since then the economy has taken a  massive nosedive.

 It could create thousands of jobs in much of the  south-east.

 Speaking to KMT -- Kent County Council, they very much a  oppose the idea.

 I'm not sure whether it will make people change  their minds but it will bring the topic to the forefront and of  course get people talking about it again.

 Detectives in Sussex are  looking for two men in connection with the rape of a young woman in  St Leonards on Sea late on Friday evening.

 Police say one man held  the woman down while the other attacks have.

  Also coming up: of the historic Shipyard of father shall could be  lost for ever.

 The secret ingredient in perfect  chocolate, could it possibly be It's a plot that sounds like a far  fetched comic strip - that during the second world war a scheme was  hatched to kidnap Hitler, fly him across the Channel and land him at  Lympne Aerodrome near Folkestone.

 But in fact the plan was seriously  considered, and if it had come off in the spring of 1941, would have  changed the course of the war.

 Kaddy Lee-Preston has tonights  special report.

 He was considered the most  dangerous man in the world and yet in 1941, the RAF thought he might -  - they might be on the verge of capturing a Hitler at this  aerodrome in Kent.

 The almost comic like plot begins in the Bulgarian  capital of Sofia, when a man walked into the British military attache  his office and claims his brother in law, Hitler's personal pilot, is  planning to defect in Hitler's playing with the Fuhrer on board.

  The RAF had to act.

 They could not ignore it and say it was rubbish  because if it had been true, they had to try and plan for the  eventuality of Hitler being brought to Britain.

 The plan to have the  plane land in Kent was intended to give the pilot the chance to make a  steep descent of the Channel and to land quickly.

 Hitler was to be  taken alive, bundled into the back of a car and driven to London.

  Evidence of the plan can be found in official RAF documents kept at  the National Archives in Kew.

 the end, it says, there should be  no mention to anybody of the possible occupants of the aircraft,  whose arrival we hope for but do not expect.

 That implies really  that this has been kept very, very much to themselves.

 It was like a  secret array of projects.

 They were going to capture Hitler and present  him to Churchill.

 The date set for his arrival, March the to defer for  1941, came and went.

 -- 25th March.

 The plane it never arrived.

 Was it  really ever likely to happen? don't think it was.

 By think that  there was probably some garbled intelligence going on.

 Something  was happening but the message getting through to Britain was  possibly to do with Rudolf Hess.

 Rudolf Hess was Hitler's deputy and  later he did defect, to Scotland by parachute.

 It was not quite the  prize the RAF were hoping for.

 That was Kaddy Lee-Preston  reporting, and you can find out in tonight's Inside Out programme what  happened when a journalist tracked down Hans Baur and asked him  directly if he had planned to kidnap Hitler.

 That's here on BBC  Since Roman times there have been boatbuilders at the Quay in  Faversham.

 Today their skills lie in restoring the sailing barges  that used to carry tonnes of produce up and down the Thames.

  But the shipwrights who work there fear their future is under threat.

  The lease on the quay is not being renewed and if they have to leave,  they say Faversham's historical shipyard will be lost for ever.

  The 900 sailing barges.

.

.

 hundreds of years, the sailing  barges bought goods to London.

 From coal to cattle feed and everything  in between.

 Today, only a few remaining and their future relies  on the skilled shipwrights here at Faber Scholes.

 But the directors  have been told their release will not be renewed.

 The worry is the  key will be developed for tourism and the bird building will be  pushed out.

 Whilst the potential of this place is clear with its old  buildings and waterfront, those who currently work here are worried  they are not going to be part of its future.

 Inevitably, we make an  awful lot of noise, mess and people will start getting annoyed about it,  start putting restrictions will how we work and it would not be  possible to carry on.

 The lady of the Lee was the last sailing barge  ever built, lovingly restored at Caversham.

 Last barge to sail  under.

.

.

 Retired in 1970, she is being rebuilt as an educational  vessel.

 The work, making the most of the keys apprenticeship scheme  and the other skilled craftsmen based here.

 All of these skilled  people we have scattered -- gathered here will be scattered to  the four winds.

 It is fashion's -- it is a father shims lost for ever  because it is hard to see how it would ever come back again.

  owner of the factory has said boat- building will remain there.

 The  shipwrights have said their security has gone and that father  Shamir's Heritage could soon follow.

 -- Faversham.

  He made 270 appearances for Charlton and today Chris Powell has  taken on his biggest challenge yet.

 The 41-year-old former left back is  officially the new manager of the club.

  Powell inherits a team with ambitions to return to the  Premiership.

 But first he has to ensure they get promoted from  League one.

 Ian Palmer reports.

 Few will mean more than this will,  his first as a manager.

 It is a chance for me to progress and move  forward and to be the man and the manager that I want to be.

  candidates expressed an interest to manage the club and only for what  interviewed.

 There is room for improvement.

 We brought Chris in  because we are convinced that he will bring that about.

 A  combination of that and perhaps a few new faces will enable us to  give it a good go.

 Powell left Leicester City to take the job.

  There, he worked with Sven Goran Eriksson he gave the 41 year-old  his England caps.

 He is very pleased for me.

 He wanted me to be  part of the team there because they are on the verge of something big,  of resurrecting their club.

 But he just said you have to start  somewhere and where better than some way you know? The new manager  of what so.

.

.

 Two goals in six years were squandered following a  spirited Hillsborough fight back.

 Charlton lies 7th in League One.

  His promotion this season the priority? Ultimately for us to be  successful, we want to move on up but whether that is this year or  next year, we will have to wait and see.

 This is a popular appointment.

  As a player, Chris Powell epitomised the Charlton's spirit.

  As a manager, he enjoy his overwhelming and massive support.

  We will find out how massive or Saturday when Charlton take,  Plymouth Argyle here at the Valley.

 Brighton and Gillingham were also  in action at the weekend.

 Chris Wood scored twice for the Seagulls  in a strong performance against Peterborough at the Withdean.

  Elliott Bennett also added his name to the scoresheet as Brighton won  3-1.

 And in League Two Gillingham's Cody McDonald's seventh goal in six  games helped his side into the play-off places as they beat  Northampton one-nil at The Priestfield.

  And the new series of Late Kick Off, your local football magazine  programme, returns to BBC One tonight at 11.

05.

  I have been looking forward to this all day! When you think of the very  best chocolate, what likely to come up is creamy.

 But there is a  chocolatier in Tunbridge Wells who is of the opinion that cream is  absolutely not the thing to add to cocoa beans to make the best stuff.

  Or even milk.

 No, in fact Damien Alsop believes  you can only get the cleanest, purest chocolate flavour if you  make it with water.

 Just water.

 Rebecca Barry has been to meet him  and taste for herself.

 It looks familiar, it smells  familiar but this chocolate has a unique ingredient.

 It takes a glass  sold a half of another to make Dairy Milk chocolate tastes so good  and creamy.

.

.

 Unlike the chocolate we are used to, there is no milk,  cream or butter.

 Instead, it contains water, sourced locally.

  The factory in Tunbridge Wells is next to a spring.

 We have a natural  spring water on the land and it is floated next door's wide and have  to go very far for it.

 Everything we used here.

.

.

 Damien has trained  and some of the best kitchens in the world.

 His chocolate is served  in several Michelin-starred us restaurants.

 Think of a great  whisky, a nice, complex, single malt whisky.

 He would not add cream  to it, you would add water.

 This chocolate is made of 25 % water.

  Now, can I get to taste it? This is all.

.

.

 This is served in a top  London restaurant.

 Have a taste of that well.

 It is hazelnut crunch.

  With the are the ones you will taste the cream first and will be  searching for the flavour but this one is straight out there.

 Now for  the real taste test.

 Wonderful.

 Which do you prefer? This one here.

  This one is made from water instead of the traditional cream and butter.

  Would you have been able to tell? No way, that is a really nice  flavour.

 Are you surprised this is made with water? I wouldn't know  any different.

 I guess it is good if it is made from water because  there will be less calories.

 This is the only colour is in the UK  producing chocolate with water without the cream and butter, it is  less fat they also there is less guilt!  Obviously in the interests of research, we had to try it.

  We did try one or two.

 It was really nice actually.

 Guilt-  free chocolate! We didn't save any for Michael Fish!  It is hardly surprising.

.

.

 Most parts of the region had an inch of  rain earlier on today and many of the rivers both in East Sussex and  Kent are all floodlit at the moment.

 It is not helped by the fact there  is more heady -- heavy rain to come tonight.

 -- flood alert.

 We had  some dribs and drabs of rain for a while but now we have some more  heavy rain bring up to the south- west and that has our they won it  for later on in the night.

 After that, there will be a complete  change.

 Once the rain is out of the way tomorrow morning, it will be  very different indeed.

 It will be brighter and drier and colder.

  Funny little weather systems they are along the way English Channel.

  They will produce the rain and then a complete change, instead of low-  pressure, we will get high pressure.

 That will settle things down.

 We  will have a return of some frost and we could get some for the night  and morning as well.

 That is a long way off.

 As far as the rest of the  light is concerned, although we start off fairly dry, with just a  little bit of rain, we can see how wetted gets during the course of  the night.

 Some heavy and steady rain in many places.

 Temperatures:  of particular the cold, around for five degrees at the lowest.

 That  rain will clear away first thing tomorrow morning.

 Bomb from most  places by 10 o'clock.

 Things completely changed them.

 A cloud  breaks, there will be a definitely different feel to the second half  of the day.

 A little bit colder

 were fully justified.

 -- actions  Click and drag.

.

.

 click and drag.

  This week this week on Click, the  mobiles of the future.

 Will they be hampered by a tiny touch screens?  And will they bring down some of technology's biggest beasts.

 And we  try to take over London in a new game that tracks where you go.

 All  that plus the latest Tech News from around the world and a great way to  tweak your tweaks in Webscape.

 Welcome to click I'm Spencer Kelly.

  Take any personal computer - desktop, or laptop, open it up, and  the chances are inside you'll find one of these.

 Put it back together  switch it on, and the chances are you'll find one of these running on  it.

 But why are they both largely absent from these? Have these two  technology giants failed to adapt  History tells us that no matter who  rules the world - if they fail to adapt, they die out.

 If the  environment changes, it is a case of evolve, or be replaced by newer,  more nimble creatures, more suited to the changing conditions.

 65  million years on, computers are evolving from mains powered desktop  leviathans into sleek, nimble portable machines which we take  with us - They can store all our media, connect to the net, and run  high-end applications, yet are  powered by tiny batteries.

 Inside  these new creatures - not Intel, which has so far not produced a  chip that's power-efficient enough to run a smartphone - instead  you'll find chips based on designs And on-screen, a rich mix of  ecosystems from Apple, Google, RIM, and - yes, Microsoft's new Windows  Phone OS.

 But not full PC Windows - which can only run on chips based  on Intel designs.

 And that's bad news for two  goliaths who have enjoyed a symbiotic relationship for decades  but who are now finding that the world they've ruled for so long is  changing.

 And in order to avoid extinction in the mobile age, it  seems both are losing faith in each other.

  Just last week, Intel officially announced an even lower-power  version of its netbook Atom chip - called Oaktrail - designed  specifically for tablets.

 And this week it said that most of those  devices would be running not Windows but Android.

  And in a move critics say is a vote of no confidence in Intel,  Microsoft has announced that the next version of Windows, expected  2012, will be re-written to run on ARM as well as Intel chips.

  Does this mean that we'll soon see the world's most popular OS running  on small-screen devices? And where does it leave the world's  biggest chip maker? Well these are the questions I've  been putting to the bosses of the biggest companies in technology  Steve BALLMER Microsoft "To facilitate more innovation in form  factor, which you can do differently with Intel and ARM and  system on chip literally you can put a whole PC on a little card  that big, the amount of miniaturizations that we are gonna  see battery and low power is amazing and we're not gonna be out  of the game on any system processor  I am not terribly worried, I think  people will want high performance they'll want compatibility they'll  want backwards compatibility with everything that has ever been  written, with all the printer drivers and mouse drivers that are  out there.

 Spencer: Is it a sign that Intel really need to get the  low power mobile chip set that will work on the tablets and phones, PO:  We are already there it's not a chip issue, our chips are as low  power as anyone and much higher performance.

" Paul Otellini has  told me that his chips are just as low power as yours, do you agree?  It hasn't come to market yet and obviously Intel has spent the last  25 years targeting something that isn't low powered, so obviously  when they turn their efforts to target low power they're gonna make  some progress, the reality for us is that we have spent the last 25  years targeting low power and we start from a long way ahead.

  With the increasing popularity of decent-sized touch-screen tablets,  the full version of Windows may seem like a logical choice of  operating system to put on them.

 After all, it's powerful, made for  large-screens, and there's an enormous back-catalogue of software  already written for it.

 And that's an advantage that Microsoft has  been keen to stress that all your existing Windows software would run  on a new device powered by ARM and running the next version of windows.

  But is it really such a good thing? If you could use existing windows  software on your ARM device you wouldn't want to, existing windows  software is designed for mice and keyboard very precise movements  very small buttons menus so on when you got big fat fingers on a touch  screen it doesn't really work, so this legacy of existing software,  though very valuable on a desktop  is next to useless on a tablet.

  Because it's unusable.

 So in a world of completely new  computing form factors - and devices which don't need keyboards  or mice, would you need Windows at all?  Well, possibly and the clue is in The Motorola Atrix is an Android  smartphone with a secret life as well as allowing you to play and  work on the move, it can also become something bigger.

 When you  need a full-sized screen and keyboard, plug it into its special  dock, and the phone's second - more fully-featured on-board operating  system, fires up with all your work still open.

 It's the phone that  does all the processing the screen and keyboard are simply that.

  Unplug at any time and all your work returns to the more portable  mode and you can continue on the move.

 So we can see this future  where smartphones are powerful and you carry your computing power with  you.

 You got it with you all the time your documents your storage  always with you.

 On the go you will have simple interfaces suitable for  your fingers but plug it into a docking station and you have a full  conventional capable mouse and keyboard interface.

  And it will all be the same device the same operating system, and the  same underlying software, when you have that windows on ARM starts  making sense.

 There is speculation that the next  version of Windows will have twin interfaces one for touch and one  for the mouse & keyboard.

 In which case maybe Microsoft is predicting  devices which will run full-form Windows software when in desktop  mode, and which continue running in a more touch-friendly form on the  move.

 And into the further future, maybe the tiny devices of the next  two decades won't need small touch screens at all, and that means  windows may just go one better than  Next up, this week's technology  news.

 In fact we start with smart phones.

 As Apple took action this  week against rival smart phone maker smart Samsung.

 It has 16  claims against them saying the physical design of the Samsung  galaxy phone and tablet are rip- offs of the iPhone and iPad.

 It  also suggests the use interfaces are too similar.

 Samsung vehemently  rejects the allegations.

 The EU has stopped short of banning the  controversial practice of data traffic management.

 Internet  service providers argue they need to throttle back on data heavy  services like video streaming in peak periods to maintain a good  overall service.

 The commission has now accepted that any legal service  should never be blocked completely either for fixed-line or mobile  users.

 And finally, you may remember Prince William and Kate  Middleton used Twitter to announce their engagement.

 Now they are set  to trump that with the big day.

 In a royal first, footage will be  screened live on YouTube's Royal Channel.

 For those who can't wait  to celebrate, you can wish them well by uploading your own message  on their own website.

 A couple of weeks ago we  investigated the mysterious world of mobile phone roaming charges.

  And plenty of you had something to say on the subject.

 Allen Robertson  was not convinced that the argument that phone companies, represented  by the GSM Association, made in the defence of the high charges.

 Here's  what caused all of that upset.

 don't agree with be.

 We are  charging because we can get away with it.

 There are legitimate costs  associated with providing a roaming service and they have to be  recovered.

 Some countries are sparsely populated and some are  difficult to cover with ubiquitous coverage.

 Some have different  taxing regimes.

 In back most of your responses were robustly  negative.

 It seems most of us do think networks are simply ripping  travellers off.

 Alan Johnston wrote to say we really should do our  homework before we travel.

 He says consumers should not expect to be  spoon-fed and we should remember that your home network is entered  into a commercial agreement with a foreign operator and has to pay for  it.

 Although there in mind that these days, some companies owned  operators in different countries.

 At which point you think that  commercial agreement would be quite cheap and easy.

 Anyway, Kate  Russell wrote to the rescue in that show with a wealth of ways to slash  your roaming bills.

 If you want to see those tips, they are still on  the web site.

 And now this clever little app is about to be launched  for the iPhone.

 Other platforms are coming.

 It compresses the data for  particular apps on your phone.

 That means you could save up to about  80% of the amount of data that you need for different applications.

 In  his report, Dan went to Cyprus and he tried to use 10 megabytes but  that was reduced to just five.

 You  can choose which apps are  A compressed app may not work or look exactly the same as the full  fat version but if you don't mind that you could save yourself a lot  of money.

 It is always good to revisit some of the issues we  covered with your opinions and any  Some things are best enjoyed  outside.

 For example, take the latest crop of mobile phone games  which might be used your GPS position or augmented reality to  place the action in the real world.

 A new game has been launched which  uses real time information to turn your daily commute into pure  excitement.

 Dan Simmons has been looking at the games that can only  be played on the move.

 In one game company's imagination,  Londoners should be running around  the city, pretending to be action  heroes.

 The reason for this urgency is a new game you sign up to online  that played -- but play in real life.

 Chromaroma at uses an Oyster  card.

 City-dwellers used it to get around.

 You put cash on it and then  use white bit in and out at the end of your journey.

 -- swipe it in.

 It  is that the data that has enabled the creation of the game.

 When you  join a Chromaroma, you'll be asked to play for a tame.

 The team game  is simple.

 The most with the most a visit to a station takes control of  it.

 This is foursquare meets Risk.

 But is sharing your travel habits  safe? Were Yarin a different age in terms  of deciding what you're attitude towards privacy is.

 That is a  critical point.

 It is a personal decision.

 To allay concerns, the  date -- the journey is you take are not reflected on the game the board  for 48 hours.

 Personal glory can be seized by setting record times for  getting between two locations.

 That game is well and good, but on an  already overcrowded public transport system, do I really want  to be pushed aside by someone  trying to break a record for a  game? It is about finding the right door to open at the right.

 To get  to the right exit.

 If things are creating problems, we can change  the system.

 It is a flexible system to enable people to enjoy the game.

  They could change Londoners' habits as well.

 The makers aim to  incentivise players to vary their journey times away from rush hour  to offer extra points for getting off early and walking, using one of  the city's hire bikes, or exploring the different parts of London in  separate missions.

 The developers hope to make money by selling in  the game attracts that players cannot leave for each other and  shields to foil such plots.

 Businesses may also pay to  incentivise travellers once the game is established.

 If it takes  off in London, the makers want to work with other cities.

 Loyalty  cards or GPS may also be introduced.

 Even for the casual player, it is a  chance to use the data held on them to visualise travelling alive and  fine-tuned the routes taken.

 It is like a bank.

 If I deposit my  money and I want to take it out, I should have the right to do that.

  It is the same with data.

 If you create data, you have the right to  take it out and do things with it.

 Time for that rendezvous.

 By an  imposition.

 -- I am in that  position.

 Good idea? Bad idea?  Tweed us.

 If you are into Twitter, you will know you can follow the  ramblings of your friends, organisations and celebrities.

  Problem is, if you follow more than a few, the list is a bit long and  unmanageable.

 Kate Russell has a tool to tidy it your tweet stream.

  If you have not figured out the point of Twitter, you are not a  line.

 I have a tool which might help bring it into focus at  TweetedTimes .

com.

 This website ranks your list among the most  popular that you follow.

 Shortened versions of the articles are  displayed on paper, but they expand to the full version when you click  on them.

 You do not even need to leave the Twitter Times page to  read them, making it a smooth and fast experience.

 You need to quit  the show text link at the bottom of an articled to expand it.

 Clicking  on a headline will launch you into updated hourly and you can even  make topple collections around a specific list or category to  untangle the important information.

 It would be nice if you could  customise the layout, but otherwise, it is a satisfying tool.

 Pitching a  tent can be a bit of a struggle  even if you have to help.

 Luckily,  when it comes to finding your tent, there is an apt for I find that  makes it very easy.

 It is called TentSpotter, a free GPS marker you  can pin it to your sleeping bag.

 I love the idea that this app can  help you find your tent at the end of the evening.

 If you have ever  that will make a difference.

 It will not be pinpoint accurate, but  it will help you narrowed down the  search and head in the right  direction.

 Locate your tent on a map or use the radar feature.

 You  can see a lot of festival-goers being very grateful for an act like  this in the party season.

 The weather is a very social place.

 For  younger people, it is better to meet people online in a safe  environment.

 That is what they're trying to provide at dizeo .

com,  social networking made accessible and fully monitored so you do not  need to worry about what is being watched.

 Social net book -- social  network is such a part of life now that it is hard to ignore.

 But  there are late -- age limits for a reason.

 This site seems like a good  and find alternative for children who want to get to grips to the  social world.

 As well as the social tools you would expect, there are  some extra features, such as homework help and instructional  videos.

 The site is not terribly well populated yet.

 That will  always be an issue to start.

 But when the word spreads and people  start to join, this could be the  social world's new BFF.

  With the holidays upon us, we deserve some ease debt eggs of the  non threatening variety of course.

 -- Easter eggs.

 These little Easter  eggs are hidden bits of code inside the website we love.

 Check out  Google Pac-Man.

 Hit Insert Coin and you get double the fund with two  characters to control as Ms Pac-Man  rejoins.

 You can control Google  Pac-Man and his lady friend with W-  A-S-D keys.

 If you love the game  Snake game.

 Ask Jeeves have created a cheeky egg that tells you what  they think it get -- if you use their engine to search for  information about Google.

 And  finally, for and dried penne sets,  look up the world "tilt" and the results will be shown a little  skewiff.

 Everything from this  week's programme is up on our  website.

 This week we are looking

 Good evening and welcome to BBC  Look North.

 The headlines tonight: The men jailed foreign despicable  attack that left a pensioner with his ribs and wrists broken.

  He kept kicking me on the head.

 That is all I can remember.

  Alan Johnson stays silent over his private life, but his agent says  the MP will continue to fight for Hull.

  Claims of a tragedy as Lincolnshire faces losing the group responsible  for promoting its tourist attractions.

  And we meet the silver-haired radio sensations, Daryl and Betty.

  -- barrel.

 And join before the weather  Good evening.

 Two men have been jailed for attacking a pensioner as  he was parking his mobility scooter at his home in Grimsby.

 Eddie  Hindle ended up with broken ribs and two broken wrists as he tried  to fight off the men.

 Phil Connell is outside his home now.

 How  serious was this attack? Eddie Hindle has just parked his  mobility scooter outside his home in Grimsby when this attack  happened last July.

 The men responsible then stole his jury and  left him bleeding on the floor here just outside his back door.

 --  jewellery.

 Later they were had to be boasting about what they had  done.

 Eddie Hindle has described his attackers as cowards and has  refused to be beaten by their actions.

 And 72, Eddie was attacked  outside his house in Grimsby last year.

 He travelled home on his  mobility scooter after watching the World Cup final.

 I went down and  they kept kicking me on the head.

 That is all I can remember, once I  went down, I cannot remember much.

 The men responsible, Jamie Ford and  Christian White left Mr Hindle with broken wrists, ribs and severe  bruising.

 Ford, a kick-boxer, is said to have kicked Mr Hindle to  the floor.

 They broke both of my wrists.

 I think it was Christian,  the kick boxer, he kicked me in the ribs.

 That is one I went down.

 Then  he stamped on my head.

 At Grimsby Crown Court, Christian White was  sentenced to eight years in prison and Jamie Ford, who had previously  pleaded guilty to the attack, was sentenced to six years.

 This was a  serious incident and the sentence reflects that.

 I do hope the two  offenders spend their time in prison reflecting on the impact  that this has had on the victim.

 hope they stop attacking elderly  people.

 They are a menace to society.

 They should never be let  out.

 So it's months since the attack and Mr Hindle is still  unsure if his injuries were - I will never heal properly.

 But his  spirit has not been broken.

 Still at it and about despite is a record  deal.

 The court has heard today how Eddie Hindle was a vulnerable man  at had been deliberately targeted by these defendants because of his  vulnerability.

 We have also heard how a significant force had been  used in this attack and had both of these defendants had been in prison  before for violent -- violence and deception.

 Tonight, Humberside  police are reassuring the public and saying that disturbing attacks  like this are still extremely rare.

 In a moment, the family's left  frightened by thieves and vandals as the way to move away from these  run-down homes.

 It is disgusting.

 The council has not bothered about  anybody down here.

 After the shock of his resignation  came idea of reflection.

 Alan Johnson kept a low profile today  after he quit as the shadow Chancellor yesterday.

 Politicians,  pundits and voters paid tribute to his work at national and local  level.

 This morning, Alan Johnson let his  home in Hull and left behind declare of the media, amid  allegations about a crisis in his private life, the MP has given up  the front bench.

 But not his position as a Hull MP.

 I know what  he will be doing, that is he will be continuing to be a first-rate MP  for Hull West and Hessle.

 We fully expect that Ireland will continue  to fight the corner of his constituents.

 -- Alam will continue.

  The resignation came like a bolt from the blue.

 At 11 yesterday  morning he was speaking to Look North but gave no sign he was about  to quit the front bench.

 Five hours later, he resigned as Shadow  Chancellor.

 At 7.

30, he met his local parliamentary representatives  in Hull.

 By the time he left, newspapers were going to press,  alleging the policeman protecting his family had an affair with his  wife.

 Can you tell us why you have resigned? On that subject, he has  stayed tight-lipped.

 But to the voters really care? In his  constituency they are worried about public issues, not private turmoil.

  It has been on the telly and stuff, but it it does not bother me.

  People are concerned about him as an individual.

 I think he has done  a very good job.

 It is very sad that he has had to resign over  personal matters.

 There has been sadness as well from his fellow  Labour Hull MPs.

 I was really surprised when I heard that Alan  stood down as Shadow Chancellor.

 I have been out and about today, Alan  is working on -- working hard on behalf of his constituents.

  Inevitably there is speculation about his future as a local MP.

 His  agent said this morning that will be he can decide if or when he will  quit.

 Alan Johnson's resignation took  everyone by surprise, including Michael Brown, former Conservative  MP for Cleethorpes and a columnist for the Independent.

 It is a great  tragedy, Alan Johnson is a huge figure in British politics, well  liked universally across all political parties, I do not think  he has a personal enemy in the world.

 That is quite something to  be able to see that in this business.

 What he will -- what will  he do now? I hope he will take time out, sort out his personal issues  with his family, I hope he will remain in British politics.

 He has  a constituency to that if he arrived at an early decision to  leave politics altogether.

 He still has a great future in British  politics, and two or three years down the track before the next  general election, I can easily imagine Ed Miliband colin of his  services once again.

 -- colin on his services.

 In this particular  case, it is not a one-way street to the back benches.

 That's right.

 I  think if we get two or three years down the track, and the opposition  perhaps need to refresh its ranks, Alan Johnson, although he is over  60, is very much a spring chicken in terms of politics, and would add  gravitas to a Government in waiting if the Labour Party were on the eve  of winning the next general election.

 So why I think he should  take no long-term decisions, save to continue to represent his  constituency.

 It is the first time in quite a few years that Hull has  not had a frontbench MP might arraign opposition or in Government.

  Hull has done well in terms of national figures.

 And although Alan  Johnson is now going to resume his constituency duties, he is still a  national presence, I can imagine him giving interviews on British  politics in the months and years ahead, which we - a fact he will  still be at the very back and call of journalists who want to ask what  his views on the various issues are.

 He is still going to remain very  much a national figure, and Hull will still have a formidable MP.

  Thank you very much indeed.

 A Grimsby chaplain and his wife  have been jailed for three years for their part in an illegal  marriage scam.

 Reverend Samuel Bisaso and Rebecca Muwonge were  found guilty of bigamy and identity fraud in their efforts to keep  their niece in the UK.

 They were discovered after an investigation  which lasted over a year.

 Parents are worried about plans to  close the school in Boston.

 College back was one of the worst-  performing schools in the country.

 There are no proposals to merge  with nearby Haven High School.

 Around 100 people went to a public  meeting last night to discuss the plans.

  He generates £1 billion per year and supports 17,000 jobs.

 -- it  generates.

 Tourism in ligature is big business.

 Today the man in  charge of the English tourist industry appeal for more money to  be pumped into Visit Lincolnshire.

 Lincoln Cathedral attracts  thousands of visitors to the county every year, but this visitor is not  just here for the scenery.

 James Beresford is in charge of promoting  the whole of English tourism and he is intent to fight for the future  of Visit Lincolnshire, the county's tourism management organisation.

  there was not a body to enable like Richard to be promoted nationally  and internationally, I think Lincolnshire as a whole would find  it difficult to compete.

 -- Lincolnshire to be promoted.

 It is  a route to work and in this day and age, you need jobs.

 Up with events  as varied as the Waddington Airshow and the Lincolnshire Show, tourism  is worth £1 billion to the county's economy.

 Last year, Lincolnshire  county council can to be £268,000 towards the cost of running Visit  Lincolnshire.

 Now it is considering axing all this support, but without  that money, Visit Lincolnshire may have to close.

 Natalie is it the  second-largest economic sector for the county -- not only, but putting  Dafydd -- pitting that in jeopardy, it could be a missed opportunity if  Visit Lincolnshire were to go.

 Ritson, a restaurant owner, is  concerned.

 I believe it is hugely important and I think the vast  majority of businesses in Lincolnshire hold the same view.

  Tonight, hens from the county council there may be some  compromise.

 -- hint from the county council.

 We will be will be  properly supported in partnership with the county council.

 Earlier  this month, more than 100 local businesses supported a petition,  Colin on the County Council to rethink its plans.

 -- colin.

  About a year ago, the travel writer Simon Calder told a conference that  the county had some hidden gems and should be doing more to put more  cash into tourism.

 He joins us now.

 Money is tight, councillors say  they do not have the money to fund everything.

 Surely the tourism  industry cannot plead being a special case? The tourism generally  does, and if you take an equivalent region in somewhere like France or  Spain or Italy, they would be getting an awful lot of cash from  the various regional central Government authorities -- regional  or essential.

 It is not in the economic mainstream of normal life.

  Therefore, if you look abroad, it you will see an example of much  more money coming in.

 However, it has to be said that the Government  will be looking very closely at tourism funding as a good way of  cutting costs, because many people simply do not immediately seem to  be effective at all, and it has to be said that Lincolnshire is pretty  strong drastically, everything from Skegness to Lincoln Cathedral, a  great attractions, and just because the County Council perhaps will cut  off its funding, it does not mean people will stop going to  Lincolnshire.

 So are you seeing if you take their money away, it would  not affect tourism? -- are you saying.

 What the Government would  like to happen is for the private sector to step in and say, we are  the people who would benefit for this, -- from this.

 We know we have  to put some money into promotion.

 I do not think it will come to that.

  Visit Lincolnshire will survive.

 This is perhaps just.

.

.

 We will see  some cuts in funding.

 Of course,.

 But it has to survive in order to  act as a central tenet.

 People will be reaching into their pockets.

  Perez in the long term a bright future.

  Should councils be spending money on attracting visitors, voor, more  pressing demands on the public purse? -- or are of their other,  more pressing demands.

 Do people need companies like Visit  Lincolnshire to direct them to the right places to go? Your thoughts  I g for watching this Friday night, still ahead, the East Yorkshire  chippy that is the best in Britain.

 If you do not like us, I will get  you! And we put a face to their names as we meet the Queen's of the  Tonight's photograph is taken by the Margaret Ingham.

 Look at that  stunning picture.

 Bridlington harbour.

 Thank you.

 Good evening.

  Hello.

 I was likened to an actor from the  60s a couple of nights ago.

 Many e- mails on the first and letters.

  Here is the offending picture.

 Hear hears.

 It is from Rawhide.

  Perhaps we can look back into the archives and get some black-and-  The headline for the next 24 hours is that it is going to be a fairly  cloudy picture.

 We will lose the blue skies that some of us had.

 A  lot of cloud came in from the North Sea this afternoon.

 That sets the  scene for a cloudy weekend.

 We have high pressure in charge but around  that, a lot of cloud pushing into East Yorkshire and in danger.

 It  might be thick enough for a bit of drizzle.

 You can see the error of  cloud that came across as this afternoon.

 That is ahead of the  main lump of cloud which will push across by the end of the night.

 The  crowd might be fit enough for a bit of drizzle in places but in the  short term, there will be breaks in the cloud sheet to mean a touch of  frost.

 That will mean drizzle from the north-east.

 The sun rises in  the morning, setting out for 20 3:00pm.

 Those are the high water  times.

 An overcast weekend.

 A little light drizzle tomorrow and a  spot of light rain in places.

 That said, dry weather as well.

 Dryness  will be at a premium.

 Temperatures around average.

 Seven in Hull.

  Sixes and sevens elsewhere.

 Little to say for the Further Outlook.

  Next week it stays overcast with Can I have this one framed? Even on  a joke, he can't get his facts right!  They say they have been abandoned and are the targets of thieves.

  Today, councillors bid for millions of pounds to help families moved  out of some of the worst streets in Hull.

 More than 100 household have  been left waiting in run down homes after the government pulled funding.

  Our correspondent is in Greek Street.

  This neighbourhood is crumbling.

 Everyone else has moved out.

 She is  the only person left in her street.

 I sleep in the daytime and I'm  awake all night.

 I am so scared.

 Next door have had their gate  ripped off.

 Vandals and thieves target the  empty houses.

 I have had to get somebody to put  felt along there.

 They pulled it off.

 They have broken this off.

  How safe do you feel? I don't.

  This woman is also hoping to move but the council money has been  pulled.

 While they try to find more cash, people here just have to wait.

  We have got a flea infestation upstairs so I sleep downstairs.

  There is mauled up the walls.

 I have depression.

 It is disgusting.

  The council is not bothered.

 We have to 0.

5 million agreed by  the communities agency.

 That will move another 30 or 40 people at  least.

 That should happen when we get the final announcement in the  next few weeks.

 We then have to look for other funding.

  Christine there is one of the lucky ones who has moved.

 She used to  live on Greek Street.

 On Greek Street, there were people  chatting on the streets.

 Here, it is so peaceful and we don't get  anything like that.

 Today, the council is bidding for  millions more to finish the job.

 In the meantime, people here are  counting the days until they can move.

  As you know, it was announced yesterday that a new wind turbine  factory could be on its way to Hull.

 The Green Port development would  make the city the UK's Centre for turbine manufacturing and could  generate 10,000 jobs for the area.

 Some comments.

 Ray treated to say,  the likelihood is that the new green industry could mean the  import of new skills.

 They do not exist here.

 Joanna said, I think it  is just what we need.

 We should not be underestimated.

 We are a great  city.

 Gerald said, brilliant.

 There is nothing better than lots of wind  turbines.

 It will mean lots of jobs in the Hull.

  They have only lost once in 11 league games but tomorrow, Hull  City face one of their stiffest challenges.

 Reading are also on an  impressive run.

 It has taken them to the edge of the play-offs.

  The Nigel Pearson revolution is gathering pace.

 Hard-earned  victories like this last week against Barnsley has taken the  Tigers into the top half of the table for the first time this  season.

 As new ownership stabilises the club, fresh faces arrive on a  weekly basis.

 The new player is unavailable tomorrow but ready for  impact afterwards.

 Hopefully, the registration will be  clear for next week.

 He is unavailable for this weekend but  the deal is, to all intents and purposes, done.

 We are waiting for  the registration.

 Not such a happy tale elsewhere.

  One win in 10 league games for Scunthorpe United.

 Their latest  defeat against Leeds United have sunk them into relegation territory.

  They meet Burnley.

 In league two, Stephen Hunter is set to make his  debut.

 Trevor Carson was signed today from Sunderland.

 He will  start at Stockport.

 We are trying to stay friendly but  it is taking time.

 I knew it would be a tough job when I signed up.

 We  have a lot of games in hand and we have to win them.

  After winning midweek, Grimsby face Crawley Town.

  A brilliant and to be has been voted Britain's best in the  national fish and chip awards.

 -- a Bridlington to be.

 They won it as  much for their community work as their cooking.

 The customers say  they are unsurprised.

 Good news, like good food, travels  fast.

 Matthew's fish and chip shop is basking in the glory of being  called Britain's best.

 He is not giving any secrets away.

  We fry all of the fat out so you get a dry and crisp batter.

 We  stick to the same recipe as in 1941.

 A large fish and chips.

  It is not just the food which has won the award but the business  commitment to Bridlington.

 I come here for a little old lady.

  When I get to her house, the dog will be sat there waiting for the  fish.

 The fish is fantastic, the chips  are nice.

 It is great.

 Just what my grandmother needs.

  The shop only opened two years ago but the crowd snow or where to come.

  The fish and chips are ready.

 Shall I bring them over?  We have some new boxes which separate the fish from the chips so  the fish doesn't get soggy.

 So much for yesterday's headlines  being tomorrow's chip paper.

 This company is making the news rather  than wrapping it.

 Well done to them.

  They have a combined age of 174 but Beryl and Betty are becoming some  of Radio Humberside's biggest stars.

 If you don't like us, I will come  and punch you! It is easy to see why these two  have developed a cult following.

 That's not right!  Beryl and Betty have been on Radio Humberside for almost five years.

  Beryl and Batty came on a tour of BBC Hull.

 They were so cheeky.

 I  heard Betty's cheeky laugh and I thought, I want them on my radio  show.

 I thought, I need them.

 At 85 and 89, they are thought to  be the oldest radio double act in the country.

  I think it is a good thing for me and Beryl.

 We are both knocking on!  It sounds good.

 I would be lost without this  programme, now.

 I have no family.

 I love coming here.

 I can't describe  the feeling I get coming through those doors.

  With Michael Buble local history and their taste in younger men  often on their minds, it can be a lively show!  Now, branching out into Facebook and with a cameo in the BBC  pantomime, Beryl and Betty are getting used to the spotlight.

  Well done to them.

 If you want to listen, the show is on Radio  Humberside every Saturday evening at 6pm.

  Let's have a recap of the headlines.

 The prime minister's director of  communications, Andy Coulson, has resigned.

 It comes after the row in  two phone-tapping has intensified.

 Two men have been jailed after they  attacked a pensioner on his mobility scooter.

  It is cloudy with patchy rain, amounts will be small.

 The rest of  the day dry and temperatures mild at around six Celsius.

  The response coming in, talking about funding for Visit  Lincolnshire.

 It will bring money to the area and Lincolnshire has a  lot to offer.

 It is a vital part of our economy.

 Louise says the  council should pay for jobs to be created.

 Then there will be more  people in work and less on benefits.

 Chris says the county in its own  right attacks enough tourists and the money should be utilised on  more practical things like schools, roads and the elderly.

 Finally, if  the county council were to levy a

 Click.

 The revolution is coming.

  The battle for change is on.

 Choose  This week on Click we look at the  latest tools of the protesters.

 How technology is being used to avoid  trouble and evade the police.

 And just how much did the way up  contribute to the Middle East uprisings? We also look at the  ever-increasing ways your TV can connect to the outside world.

 And,  the almost unlimited choice of programmes that they bring.

 Plus,  the latest Tech News and how to make your very own comic strip in  Webscape.

 Welcome to Click.

 Welcome to Trafalgar Square in the heart of  London.

 Most of the time this is a bustling tourist attraction.

  Nelson's Column there, a couple of big fountains there and over there,  the countdown to the Olympics.

 At the moment, though, this place is  in disarray ever since it was Ochoa paid by demonstrators during the  recent massive protests against government spending cuts --  occupied by.

 Although much of the protests passed off peacefully a  separate group peeled away looking to cause trouble.

 In apparent  retaliation for the cuts, symbols of wealth came under attack.

 The  police thought they were prepared, ready to use techniques they have  developed over decades of riot control.

 But, this time, the  protesters counter measures.

 In order to stop the authorities from  discovering its plans target ahead of time, the group's UK Uncut used  to Twitter to announce the location after the march had started.

 Within  minutes of the tweets, hundreds of supporters had raced to occupy a  luxury food store, Fortnum and Mason.

 While some damage was done  during the most recent March, it seems like this during last year's  protests against university Duration fees that the authorities  really wanted to avoid.

 -- tuition  If trouble does flare up and the  police tried to control it using a controversial tactic called Kipling.

  This involves tunnelling protesters into one area and sealing them in,  often for hours -- cackling.

 That's what happened here in the square.

  The idea is that with nowhere to go, the protesters will simply get  tired and bored and want to go home.

 But the technique has been  criticised as being indiscriminate allowing innocent bystanders to be  called inside the cordon.

 And here too, technology played a new role.

  This time to direct people away from trouble.

 Working from a  location in London this group of students have passed up their  chance to March in order to create and run a smart phone app.

 Their  aim was to collect messages, tweets and photos from protesters all over  the city to try to make sense of what was going on and then send  back data back to users of the app on the ground.

 It provides an in-  built compass that gives an indication of the best direction to  move.

 Red points towards a police cordon.

 A protester called in  trouble should follow the green direction towards safety.

 By  providing this data to those who needed the team hopes that nobody  will unwittingly be caught in a police kettle.

 It is a project to  help people protesting to stay informed and mobile.

 What we mean  by that is we won two of the information to people so they can  choose where to go on the street -- we want to.

 And stay safe.

 We are  giving them information.

 To make the compass work the team have  spent hours painstakingly tracing mats in central London marking  anywhere a road could be blocked or closed by the police.

 All the line  start green, but as information is sourced from the Crown, they start  to turn red warning those of the potential danger -- the crowd.

 The  Metropolitan Police were also trying to direct people away from  trouble by tweeting details of its plans of cordons.

 Apparently the  app only works if a team manually monitors and the latest information.

  Eventually one day it will not be people in a room, it will be a  decentralised thing that can be used in other countries where this  situation would not be as easy as it is in the UK.

 During the last  few months we have certainly seen some a fencing which avoiding  clashes with the authorities really was the difference -- some events.

  First, Tunisia, then Algeria, Yemen, Egypt, Bahrain, Libya and more.

 One  by one, countries in the Middle East have seen their populations  rise up against their leaders.

 Some governments have bowed to the  pressure and stepped aside.

 Others haven't.

 Much has been made of how  social networking sides have been instrumental in orchestrating these  protests.

 Certainly sites like Facebook and Twitter have been used  to spread the word that a protest is being planned and built a large  groundswell of support.

 This Facebook group was inspired by the  death of a young Egyptian man supposedly beaten to death by  police.

 As well as spreading the word within a country the net has  also proved invaluable in getting information out.

 Even when  journalists have been banned, citizens themselves can film and  upload vital video evidence of what's going on.

 Recognising the  importance of the world's attention, some people have even taking it  upon themselves to cholate and translate the information to make  it easier for the Western journalist to report on it.

 But  here, the dangers of cities and journalism, just like any  journalism, have become apparent -- citizens journalism's.

 I can't  understand how you people can watch just being killed, asked them to  stop telling us.

 Mohammed set up one of the first live streams out  of Libya and also regularly filmed and up loaded images of the  violence around his home town of Benghazi.

 This is really dangerous.

  I can feel the heat from this fire.

 But on Saturday, while filming a  nearby can battle, he was killed in crossfire and killed -- but won a  Saturday.

 The internet is a democratising media, it allows  people to communicate, inform and enthuse and organised.

 When that  energy is aimed at taking down a government, some governments at  least may be tempted to try to silence the revolution by cutting  the net.

 In a move already attempted by governments in Burma  and Iran, Egypt and then Lybia went off-line.

 To allow the information  to continue to flow, engineers from Google and Twitter joined forces to  create the speak to tweets service which allowed users to post  messages by calling a phone number.

 Those who needed more access also  found ways to stay connected.

 started receiving numbers and user  names and passwords of internet connections in other countries, in  France, in Italy, in other country, where people can dial up and get  connected to the internet.

 There was a network that was providing  the service to the American embassy, and the stock market in Egypt, and  this one was not down.

 So some people use that to connect to the  internet.

 In one of the most heavily monitored countries in the  world, Iran, internet users have become experts in circumventing  where fault as.

 One service that  people in Iran are using his ducal  reader.

 -- web servers.

 People in around are using it to subscribe to  web sites that are filtered in Iran.

 The Arab spring continues, more  unrest is a certainty.

 The outcome in each country maybe peaceful  acceptance or it may be bloodshed.

 But to hand all the credit to  social networks may overstate the role of technology in uprisings  that have been brewing for decades.

 It is the revolution of the people.

  It would and never have happened without the people deciding to take  action and going on the streets.

 With the help of social media.

  Thomson is the co-presenter of the Click radio programme on BBC World  Service radio and he is a big brain when it comes to into -- internet  technologies.

 Explain what it takes for a government to actually cut  the net office in its own country? It is frighteningly easy for a  government to cut a country of the internet.

 All it needs to do is  tell the ISPs, the private company or sometimes government  organisations that man is the connection between the networks  inside the country and outside, to break those connections.

 I guess  there are consequences if for example businesses within the  country also need access to the internet? That is a problem because  that approaches effective but very brittle.

 What we saw in Egypt in  January where the whole of the country disappeared from the  network, that meant all the banks and businesses, it was not just  individuals at home and protesters, it was everyone who could not get  on to any websites.

 What are the alternatives for a state that one  to control the protesters and stop them organising each other, but two  without crippling their own industry? You need to use some of  the tools you already have been -- in place.

 Each one of those bits is  in a packet, a packet of information.

 It says where it comes  from and where it goes.

 When you look inside the package you can see  what information it is.

 Whether it is a phone call or text message or  image.

 You can examine the traffic, you can see deep packet inspections,  and block certain forms of it.

 Governments can pass the laws to  make what they do legal.

 They can buy in the technology used for  other legitimate purposes and apply it to pursue their goals.

 If you  have any thoughts on this, you can contact us.

 Next up, this week's  Google is planning to revamp YouTube by introducing 20 premium  channels hosting its own professionally produced content.

 It  will initially chuck in $100 million to create 5-10 hours of  original programming a week.

 YouTube's gearing up to a future  where viewers will consume more content through internet-connected  TVs - more of which a bit later in the show.

  A cyber talk on an e-mailing company has resulted in millions of  e-mail addresses being stolen.

 Exolon handles companies like hotel  chains Marriott and Hilton, and UK supermarket Marks & Spencers.

 It  comes a week after another marketing theft from the people  that handle play.

com.

 Finally, the iconic '80s8-bit home  computer, the Commodore 64, is about to stage a 21st-century  comeback.

 The new 64 sports a familiar beige-ish chunky case,  physically identical to its 20th- century ancestor.

 But under its  retro skin beats a dual-core antm processor, and a graphics chip  running Windows 7.

 Launch date is  Television sets have evolved beyond  almost all recognition in the last few years, as the sets have got  thinner so the pictures have gone 3-D and got deeper.

 Work that one  out, if you can.

 But around the back of the screen, things are  changing too.

 Modern televisions don't just plug into the pewer  socket.

 Always one to relax when he gets the chance, Ian Hardy pulled  up a chair, switched on a few  brand-new sets, and tried to work  There was a time when pressing the "on/off" button and choosing a  channel to watch was as complicated as it got.

 But the newest TVs have  been transformed thanks to a direct hook-up to that 2-way data pipe we  fondly call the internet.

 Previously, a TV was essentially a  dumb screen where you would just look at programs, you didn't have  much opportunity to interact.

 Now, televisions are becoming smart  devices - applications, simple games you can play, various kinds  of content, social media you can interact with.

.

.

  The concept of Connected TVs isn't new, although up until now it's  been in the form of a separate box or media player that sits between a  router and the TV.

 These devices are still a growing market thanks  to the inclusion of streaming services like Netflix.

 Indeed, 20%  of all peak-time internet traffic in the United States is attributed  to Netflix viewing.

 TV manufacturers have taken notice,  and are keen to licence all kinds of software from the box-makers and  included in their TV sets right out of the factory.

 Although some big  electronics companies have created their own interface and app stores.

  As you'd expect, the largest internet companies are also  involved, including Yahoo, who've added a layer on top of existing TV  programming.

 You as the consumer get a very personalised TV  experience, without having to do anything except click and enjoy  content we provide on the interdate - voting, polling, information  about the shows and, advertising.

 Instead of getting advertisers that  don't relate to you, we can make it clearer in how you can buy or  purchase products - all real-time, on your television.

 Adding a second  tier of advertising onto the TV is not necessarily good news for many  traditional media outlets.

 TV stations and cable companies are  worried about losing the ability to control a part or all of the screen,  especially if content is coming in from an external source within a  Web browser.

 Google TV, for instance, would be a in a perfect  position not only to stream shows onto the TV set, but also to vacuum  up all the advertising dollars created around and on top of the  content.

 That's a conflict that media box maker Roku is hoping to  avoid by doing revenue-sharing deals with original programme  makers and do delivering their streams without a Web window.

  think that there's a tremendous opportunity for content providers,  but we don't have a browser on our box.

 We're not basically advocating  illicit use, and we make it very, very explicit that we want to work  with content partners and pull The current crop of smart TVs and  other solutions are primarily aimed at the American market, where it's  generally accepted there are a higher number of willing media  partners.

 Trying to replicate this in other territories around the  world might prove a bit more challenging.

 The experience is  different.

 It is a challenge to speak to people in Brazil and to  integrate for content that's available there.

 They don't have  Netflix available.

 They don't have other kinds of services - in the US,  it's almost second nature to have Netflix on your TV.

 The delivery of  video and data content to the TV set is changing almost daily, as  internet companies, technology companies and traditional media  outlets fight for a slice of the ever-more-complex - and potentially  Lukeerative - pie.

 Even the humble remote control has become a  battleground, as companies compete to have a branded, one-touch button  built into the device within easy reach of your thumb.

 And they're  willing to pay big for the privilege.

 Meanwhile, the move to  incorporate more sophisticated software directly into the TV has  consumer advocates worried.

 For the first time, it could put TVs on the  same accelerated upgrade cycle as computers and smartphones, where  new hardware purchased would become almost mandatory to keep up with  software advances and other new  Ian Hardy, spoiled for choice.

  Now - the Web is full of pretty good comic strips.

 But have you  ever wondered if you could do better? After all, you can come up  with witty dialogue by drawing inspiration from the world around  you.

 But the artwork? That's a different matter.

 If all you can  draw are the curtains, Kate Russell has a few tips to get you started  now, in Webscape.

 I love online comics, but they  don't always appeal to my humour.

 If you think you can do better, try  your hand at en todo.

com.

 It has to be one of the easiest ways to make  a complex and unique cartoon strip  The application is browser-based,  so no download.

 But it does take quite a lot of time to load up.

  That's because of the huge amount of artefacts you get to play with.

  There's backdrops, characters, and a prop for pretty much any occasion  you care to think of.

 If your brain is too complex even for this vast  library, you can doodle at your own elements, or create your own  elements with the traitor tool.

 Although this tool is still all  about the mouse click, it's very flexible, so you really can get  creative with your character's design.

 There's so much more to  this application, it deserves a proper explore.

 Make sure you send  us the results when you're done.

 If your creative impulses are more  musically inclined and you happen to be an Android-owner, your luck  is in.

 Music Grid is a synthesiseer - it works on a system of dots that  clues in the name that make credibly easy to make jingles by  tapping the grid on anda.

 The game is simple, and pleasing to the ear.

  It would be vastly improved if you could save the sequences you like -  maybe share them amongst your friends or even set them as your  ring tone.

 Let's hope the developers have plans for more  You can make simple adjustments in the settings, such as tempo, sign  style, and the number of spots on your grid.

 It's clearly not been  designed to be sophisticated, though.

 It's the simplest things in  life which are often the most There's a lot of great information  on the Web, but it can be difficult to digest complicated subjects,  which is what the Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts,  Manufacturers and Commerce - otherwise known as the RSA - is  trying to make with its sequence of animated films.

 Our children are  living -- are being besieged with information and from every  attention - from computers to iPhones to advertising holdings to  hundreds of television countries.

 We're penalising them for getting  distracted.

 From what? Boring stuff.

 At school.

 These short films take  some of the most inspiring speeches and lectures given at RSA events  and illustrate them with a complicated cartoon that's drawn  right before your very eyes.

 It's a really engaging creative that can  really help bring a complex topic into focus.

 Check out the RSA.

org  to watch the full back Catholic, or you can download the RSA vision  apps for iPhone and Android handsets to be inspired to learn  more about the world we live in.

 What we have discovered in 30 years  of research - there are six main time zones that people live in.

 Two  focus on the past, two on the present, and two on the future.

  With spring most definitely in the air in the UK, it's time to get  your kids to turn off those games There's been a lot of debate on our  Twitter stream in the last couple of months about whether technology  is killing creativity.

 Well, the folks at the British Liarerary  don't think so, and they've launched a new website called  Playtimes, where you can learn all about play and how it's evolved  through the ages.

 It should give you some inspiration about how to  keep your young ones entertained outside as well.

 The body can  produce cryptic characters, faces, and all kinds of sound and language.

  It can also be used in more novel ways, such as nose cracking, ear  wiggling, fake double-jointedness, finger cracking, armpit farts,  Chinese burns, and a host of other bizarre actions.

 Kate Russell.

 If  you missed any of Kate's links, not to worry - they're all up at our  website : While you're there, you can also  watch a video stream of this week's programme, and if you fancy getting  Also at the website, you can hear Click's radio programme.

 This week,  the team talks to the inventor of a website which asks Japanese  citizens to help monitor radiation

 Tonight on Newsnight Scotland,  politicians begin discussing the pre-election Budget next week.

 Will  the Government get it through, and which of the opposition parties  will support them? With wages depressed, a housing markets going  nowhere, cuts arriving and bankers are enjoying bonuses, just how  angry is society becoming an does it have any way to channel this  anger? As MSPs prepare to debate the pre-  election Budget, the Holyrood finance committee gave them  something to think about today in an unusually blunt assessment.

 But  questioned whether the Budget has anything to do with promoting  economic growth, as the Government claims, and as the Government is  only too well aware the budget can only be passed with opposition  support.

 Here is our political editor.

  The Scottish Government's opponents joined by the Scottish Government's  leader as they promote the Scottish book's initiative.

 But even here,  thoughts of money into been.

 No buried treasure at Holyrood, just a  fixed budget.

 As the FM brandishes Burns, any at beside quotes? Bought  and sold for English gold.

 More prosaic concerns for the finance  committee in summing up the budget.

 There convenor urges common purpose.

  We must work together for the sake of Scotland to ensure the economy  survives, and when we are through this crisis will thrive, by  thinking medium to longer term.

 Politics is of the moral, it is  time to think medium to longer term.

 -- politics is ephemeral.

  They want ministers to rethink the proposed levy on large retailers  but support the council tax freeze.

 That is despite the economic  adviser David Bell as saying there is no case that it supports  economic growth and its fairness implications are not clear cut.

 One  Labour MP explains one point.

 The committee questions whether by  ring-fencing health spending, effort to help the economy may be  thwarted.

 Mr Swinney has decided to ring-fence health, and the reports  are from those who gave evidence to us that that has had a knock-on  effect in departments where you would expect to see money put into  a sustained economic growth.

 Enterprise, transport, spending,  Visit Scotland tourism, all of these departments which would  sustain economic growth have seen a budget cut, so the conclusion must  be the budget does not sustain economic growth will stop the  Government is spending £30 billion a year plus, a significant sum  which should be tailored more to the economic impact.

 That can be  done without compromising the other principles.

 Quest to number one.

  Labour is likely to remain entrenched against the budget, not  least because the election narrative is the SNP is making a  Tory/Lib Dem cuts worse by poor choices in Scotland.

 Could the Lib  Dems be persuaded to endorse or tolerate SNP plans? Not as they  stand.

 There is insufficient support for young people looking  for job opportunities, insufficient investment and insufficient  reduction in what Tavish Scott said today, bringing down top pay and  ending bonuses for the highest paid so we can invest in young people  for the future.

 The Greens could be put the double but seemed notably  hostile, perhaps with half-an-hour to post-election repositioning.

  They want higher taxation to counter cuts.

 I don't think  Scotland should impose those cuts and public services.

 If we are not  willing to rebalance the Scottish budget and start raising revenue,  it can be done fairly and progressively so the poorest pay  less, the richest pay mayor and the business community pays their share.

  Ministers insist their budget is designed to boost the economy.

  went into this process determined to protect economic recovery,  protect frontline services and ensure that Scotland took a step  forward on the low carbon economy.

 These three pillars of the Budget  document had underpinned the choices I have made.

 They have set  out our spending priorities and given us the foundations of  economic success for the future.

 The SNP has 47 MSPs.

 Past budgets  have been backed by 16 Tories.

 Add in Margo MacDonald and you get 64  votes.

 Labour has 46 ms Ps.

 If they booed against the Budget and are  joined by the Lib Dems and the Greens, that is also 64 votes.

  A Presiding Officer then has a casting vote.

 If there is a tie, he  would vote yes to allow scrutiny to continue, but if deadlock persists  he is obliged to rule that the Bill has failed to win support.

 When the  talking heads in Parliament for silent and the votes are counted,  the Budget could fail, which could bring down the administration.

 Alex  Salmond has indicated no government can remain in office unless it can  get its financial plans endorsed by Parliament, which could mean an  early election, earlier than the scheduled date of May 5th.

 Do I  think that will happen? Probably not.

 The SNP's rivals say it is  bluster, ministers insist they are focused on securing the budget.

  Serious politics, money and consequences.

  The political commentator Hamish McDonald has been at Parliament  today and joins me from Edinburgh.

 Where do we stand? Brian thinks it  is unlikely that this will not get past, but they will have to  convince somebody to vote.

 We're in this position that we are now used  to have the last three years, it has come to the New Year and we are  in a final round of brinkmanship, leading into the end of January,  starts of February, when the Budget has to be passed.

 It will be the  same this time.

 All of the parties are vying for position, trying to  extract the concessions they can from the Government's and  everything will go to the wire -- from the Government.

 In the past  the Conservatives have been willing to compromise and get substantial  things in return, what is there feeling this time?  Conservatives are the party most likely to back the SNP and tried to  get his Budget through.

 We are in a very different situation this year  than we have been previously.

 Previously the party's demand of  things of the SNP government -- the different parties demanded things  of the SNP government, but there is not the money and the system this  time, so we are getting a more philosophical and principled stand.

  The Conservatives say they want more to be seen to be done to try  to promote private sector jobs, saying the money should be used to  make sure it goes to promote the real growth in the private sector,  and until and unless they get that they will not back the Budget.

  are asking for, broadly, what the finance committee report says?  A lot in the report today, Labour, the Conservatives and Lib Dems are  pushing for.

 They want to see a change in emphasis, the right  language and attitude coming from John Swinney to push the private  sector and the growth in the economy.

 If they get that, the  Conservatives will back the Budget Bill stop it then comes down to the  Liberal Democrats, who at the end of the day if they can be pushed to  abstain, will get the Budget through.

 The other different thing,  as you pointed out, is there is less money, not more.

 There is an  election coming up, and from the Liberal Democrat point of view, if  is there anything in it for them to be seen to be allowing the Scottish  National to get a budget through? Deep down, all the parties want to  see the Budget get through because they don't want to be left in a  limbo situation if the Budget fails, going into an uncertain and  possibly early general election.

 All the parties would like to try  to get through the process of the May election and the general way,  they do not want to be tarred with the brush of being the ones who  brought the Budget down.

 In that sense there is quite a lot for the  Lib Dems to try to make sure the Budget goes through, but they don't  want to be the ones being seen to support the SNP when it comes down  to the campaign.

 Your guess is the Conservatives could be convinced to  support it, the Liberal Democrats more likely to be convinced not to  vote against? That is the take at the moment, I think.

 The Greens  have set out their stall and said they will really not supported  without major changes that will not come through.

 Labour will vote  against, they may be persuaded to abstain but I think they are moving  against, leaving the Lib Dems in the key position.

 You think Labour  are moving against? Presumably for electoral reasons they want to  stand up and say, we think this is completely wrong-headed.

 A lot of  this is coming from London but the Scottish National some making this  worse? I can't see Labour supporting the budget.

 The nearest  they would get would be to abstain.

 Over the last few years, the  default position Labour has taken has been to oppose the Budget, and  I can't see them moving from that two months away from an election.

  Thank you.

 It is not just the country in the  red, the financial chaos is leaving many -- are leading many to see red.

  There is a palpable sense of anger and frustration as the winners and  losers of the deficit reduction emerge.

 But what will we do with  all that impotent rage? We will discuss that in a moment, but first  Worried about the mortgage? Charge is mounting on the credit card?  Employers are looking to downsize? All the things that have you waking  up a sweat in the middle of the Normally the mood music is  reassuring.

 When things are bad, politicians make a Mollie and  noises, they look to the sunny uplands and collectively we begin  to believe it will be all right on the night.

 But not this time.

  you are left, as we were, with the biggest Budget deficit in the  advanced world, mounting debts, have you have a choice.

 There was a  period of remorse and apology for banks.

 I think that period needs to  be over.

 It is as though the man who burgled your home is bragging  about selling your flat-screen telly in the pub and telling you to  get over it.

 Politicians and millionaire bankers are the  personification of the problem.

 Ructions in the global financial  markets that we barely understand, let alone inference, politicians  who seemed to promise budgetary stewardship but deliver swingeing  cuts, not to mention manifesto promises not kept, the power of the  big corporations unchecked, all leaving us, the individual,  impotent with rage.

 Are there more demonstrations? There was a  demonstration against student fees and various others.

 The second  things I look at RB Letters to the not so quality press, and there is  an awful lot of angry letters.

 And then to look at the blogosphere,  and if you delay content analysis are lots of angry words are being  used.

 They usually involve the word bank as well.

 Is this the trigger?  That can't account for all the anger? Fairness is important.

  People have almost a genetic predisposition to resent unfair  treatment.

 Also they tend to resent unfair treatment even if delivered  to somebody else, there is a desire in an hour at mentality to punish  people who we see as being cheaters.

 The sense of unfairness over the  bankers' bonuses plays out, we know, from what people say and be content  We are accustomed to scenes of anger from some sections of society,  but what about those who are not on the streets demonstrating do with  their rage? People no longer feel in control and under those  circumstances they can do two things.

 They can get angry or turn  the anger inwards and get depressed.

 Both things are happening.

 Some  people are showing it openly and others are becoming anxious and  depressed.

 A we also know Big Business hiding money offshore  Bob's the Exchequer of billions of pounds was the government set about  cutting public sector pensions.

 is a huge amount of unfairness that  is turning into anger.

 As the cuts bite more and facilities close, a  large body of people are actually been left out.

 We tend to think of  be excluded groups as the bottom 10 %, but actually, anybody outside  the top 30, 40% is really going to be squeezed by what is going on.

  You can see that.

 You can see the tabloids, the Daily Mail was  talking about hedge fund people who were allegedly polishing their  shoes in champagne.

 There were saying these are people who would  not get out of bed for a bonus of £9 million.

 What was interesting  about that was it was not just a bridge about the inequality of it  and the inequity of it, what was interesting was the Daily Mail went  on to say what is aware economy? What are we going to do? We have  tried a housing boom, we have lost all our industry, what are we going  to do? Will we all work in a supermarket? Where are we going?  There is a profound angst in the middle classes, actually.

  remember, do not let the bankers get you down.

  I am joined now by Gerry Hassan and Joyce McMillan.

 I should add to  that the momentous news that Lord Schaedel ski has said he is  thinking of writing a book about the end of capitalism now that it  has finished.

 In the long run, but capitalism will be superseded by  something.

 It could be something worse.

 This is the beginning of a  period of massive transformation.

 As one person said, there is an  internal anger that people have that is there in the letters pages  that come out and it is not attractive.

 There is another anger  both because people are not happy with the way they see the country  and will be shaped.

 They do not feel they have a say in what is  going on.

 Giving people are more educated, that cannot go one in  Britain of the best of the world.

 It is a long story in a way.

 There  is an issue of Time.

 What I mean by that is we are now moving into  where if you have been trying to sell your house for a while, there  are no prospects of being able to do that.

 Young people cannot buy  properties, the banks are not changing, if you are looking for a  job there is the prospect of job creation.

 There is no prospect of a  wage increase.

 The cuts will not be cut for one year, it will be for  four years.

 Or maybe a decade.

 you think we have adjusted to  moving into that world? The way people behave and the assumptions  they have about how the world is will have to change quite radically.

  Yes.

 I absolutely think that people can tolerate quite high levels of  austerity if they think it is for a good purpose.

 If they think they  are doing it for a goal which would deliver a better society, or some  vision of a better world.

 They will tolerate high levels of hardship.

  You can see many populations that have gone through war situations  have been persuaded to do that, provided they have trusted the  leadership to lead them to was something better.

 What has gone  wrong with the political system is that leaders, all was all of them,  have given up on the vision thing.

 They do not talk about what kind of  society they actually aspire to create for us.

 On the right, they  say let us leave it to the market.

 On the left, they say let us spend  more on public services.

 That is the length of it.

 These are not  inspiring visions of the future.

 Unless the political class begins  to catch a grip and get back to deliver the fundamentals of what  people want from government, we could be in quite deep trouble  because at the moment there are no legitimate mainstream parties  representing this anger at all.

 Trouble how? I mean the kind of  trouble that comes when people would like a legitimate way of  expressing their wish for political change, but they see all the  political parties acting as front men and women for the same system.

  This is deeply worrying.

 It is like politicians have become part of the  system rather than a counterbalance to it.

 You do not see people coming  up from the raw edges of the economies -- economy took represent  ordinary people.

 As soon as they get elected, they go into that high  income bracket, or at least they think they should and their  position towards the people changes.

 One of the reasons this piece was  written is because of what Joyce was saying.

 People are questioning  what the whole system is that there to do.

 They are not just  questioning in the short term they may not have as much money.

 It  starts to become, this whole system does not, there is something wrong  here.

 That is right.

 I agree with Joyce substantially.

 But there has  been a one vision thing regarding politics in the Western world.

 The  Blairites and Cameron supporters have captured a certain and  language.

 If you look at Cameron on Monday, he talked the same language  as Blair regarding the health service.

 In a way they are trying  to get the last bit of the two- paced out of the Tube.

 -- last bit  of toothpaste out of the cheap.

 They are embracing a language that  comes from the 60s.

 The values they talk about a fundamental and need  to be reclaimed.

 In favour of what though? What are you saying?  world where we talk about the different version of the economy.

  One of the things Blair and Cameron did was they talked about  globalisation.

 If we became this offshore island we could then run  out of public services.

 It does not work.

 We need to talk about the  economy.

 It was something the left and right did, but we have not done  it for 20 years.

 We need to change a review of the political units  within which we live.

 We think nationally in terms of politics.

 We  think nationally we are in the UK and the same in Scotland.

 If you  look at what has happened over the banking structure and the attempt  to reform it and you look at the weakness of things now, unless four  or five big Western governments get together and say, enough is enough.

  The public has been squeezed far enough.

 Privatisation are  delivering Society of that are too unequal and people are working like  dogs all their lives and are ending up poorer than when they started,  which is happening to the lower middle classes in America.

  Something has to change.

 The system needs to correct itself.

 After an  before the Second World War, the system corrected itself so that  ordinary working people, if they worked hard, could have a good and  better life, and not just in material terms.

 Generally a more  satisfying life than their parents have had.

 The system is to be  corrected so people can have that again.

 Unfortunately, we have run  out of time.

 A quick look at That is it for this week.

 We will  be back again next week.

 That's it For most, by other afternoon and it  will be bright.

 A bit more cloud across parts of East Anglia.

 Some  dryness developing.

 The best will be further west.

 It will be a great  afternoon.

 Cold with temperatures four or five degrees, typically.

  There will be some persistent fog as we have seen.

 Whether fob  persists, it will stay cold.

 More cloud creeping into northern  coastal areas.

 The North of Scotland will be predominantly  cloudy.

 Frost and fog returning again throughout Friday night, but  it will be limited to south-western areas.

 There will be a general  increase in cloud and that trend will continue into the weekend.

 We  will see less and less sunshine by

 Good afternoon troops loyal to the  Libyan leader: Gaddafi have been involved in fierce fighting with  rebels to take back control of the city Zawiyah.

 Opposition fighters  had repelled before more pro- Gaddafi forces moved in.

  Gaddafi's battle tanks poised and ready outside the western town of  Zawiyah, preparing to take back with brutal force territory lost in  recent days to the regime's opponents.

 As government troops  prepare to move in with heavy armour for a second day of fighting,  reports from inside the town said dozens of people have been killed,  hundreds more injured.

 Militia roadblocks made it almost  impossible for anyone else to get in or out of Zawiyah, except  supplies for the regime.

 Colonel Gaddafi's determination to stay in  power should not be underestimated.

 Aerial footage released by the  Libyan government purported to show its tanks in control in the centre  of Zawiyah, a claim denied by the regime's opponents.

 This is an  authoritarian regime which will not relinquish power lightly.

 What the  assault on Zawiyah shows is that Colonel Gaddafi is determined to  consolidate his control over Tripoli and the central hinterland  almost at any cost.

 But to the east it is a completely different story  with opposition forces dominant.

 Tonight Medea feels like a country  completely divided.

 -- Libya.

 Jeremy Bowen has been to  the outskirts of Libya, he is now back in Tripoli where we can speak  to him.

 Tell us what you saw.

 a lot of armour, a lot of tanks,  self-propelled artillery pieces, and as we got back towards Tripoli  I also saw rocket launchers being ferried out of a military base.

 The  whole area is tightly-controlled.

 I was not in the centre of Zawiyah  but I could find myself spending about four hours with the Libyan  army.

 I saw a lot of their tanks, and clearly in that area they had a  great deal of force and armour on the street.

 Where does this leave  Colonel Gaddafi? The answer, he is fighting back.

 He is certainly  trying to control the western part of the country, then he will want  to deal with the east but circumstances there are moving very  fast.

 Rebel forces in Libya say they have  captured the oil port of Ras Lanuf after fierce battles with  government forces.

 Our correspondent has sent this report.

  Ras Lanuf fell during the night to the accompaniment of huge  excitement.

 Colonel Gaddafi's troops escaped westwards in the  direction further along the coast.

 Rebels were still celebrating this  morning, getting rid of the tokens of Colonel Gaddafi's rule.

 They  were still finding soldiers from his army and taking them prisoner,  though they didn't necessarily want us to film that.

 A fighter bomber  from Colonel Gaddafi's Air Force flew over Ras Lanuf but this man,  on his very first day at the gone, which barely had one barrel working,  have managed to hit it.

 It crashed in the desert and both crew members  were killed.

 Excited rebels brought pieces of the plane to showers.

  Someone filmed the crash site on their mobile phone.

 The wreckage  was spread over a wide area.

 Others were thinking forward to the next  stop on the rebels' advance.

 There is no doubt this is an important  victory.

 You can see these men are not terribly well equipped but what  they do have is an immensely high morale and it is higher than ever  now that they have captured the strong point from Colonel Gaddafi's  army.

 The Chancellor has given his  clearest indication yet that he is planning to help motorists over  rising fuel prices in next month's Budget.

 Speaking in Cardiff, George  Osborne acknowledged that people feel squeezed by the rising oil  prices.

 A somewhat risky photo-opportunity  for the Chancellor, waving handfuls of cash at the Royal Mint.

 But  George Osborne said he understood that the mounting costs of many  basic goods were placing an additional strain on every pound in  the family purse.

 Fuel prices, pushed up by the upheaval in the  Middle East, are already due to increase by a further penny next  month.

 But in his speech, George Osborne gave his clearest signal  yet that he will act to curb any more rises in fuel duty.

 When it  costs £1.

30 for a litre of petrol, I know people feel squeezed.

 I say  this to people watching - I hear you.

 I will not take risks with  economic stability or wreck the public finances, but I promise you  this today.

 I am doing everything I can to find a way to help families.

  No details yet but he has now raised expectations for next  month's Budget with Labour warning people want action, not more words.

  He did announce new measures to boost growth - 10 new enterprise  zones offering less red tape.

 Budget, we will confront the forces  of stagnation that stand in the way of success, bring down the barriers  that stop Britain getting back on its feet.

 The budget is going to be  unashamedly pro-growth, pro enterprise and pro aspiration.

  the key themes of efforts to promote growth and enterprise, they  will be picked up by the Prime Minister.

 He will also deliver a  positive message to his conference, saying there are better days to  come as the country emerges from recession, but there will be no  rowing back from the painful cutbacks to public spending.

 He  will say the government must stick with its economic policies.

  The leader of the UK Independence Party, Nigel Farage, says his  party's aim is to replace the Liberal Democrats as the third  force in British politics.

 He was speaking at a conference in  Scarborough, buoyed up by their showing at the Barnsley by-election  this week.

 The banking industry has insisted  it has undergone top-to-bottom reforms.

 In an interview with the  Daily Telegraph, Mervyn King accused the banks are still seeking  short-term profit.

 The City is one of Britain's key  industries and Mervyn King is the man said to police it, but if the  banks got a line had been drawn under the era of bank bashing, the  Governor of the bank of England rubbed that line-out today.

 Mervyn  He said banks still lived in it too big to fail world in which the  state would bail them out on the downside.

 The banking industry is  privately admitted that his views and today reminded Mr King who was  at the wheel before the crash three years ago.

 We were not the ones in  charge of the public finances resulting in such a big deficit,  and it was not us who ran the regulators.

 The comments come as  the banking sector, which is yet to face any explicit new legislation,  awaits a report of the Independent Banking Commission.

 That could  change the shape of financial services and today the Chancellor  who created that commission was visiting a noisy Royal Mint but  remaining above the fray.

 We are putting Mervyn King and the bank of  England in charge, and looking to make sure that never again is a  bank too big to fail and the

 Good evening and welcome to North  West tonight.

 Iron Gordon Burns.

 He I'm at the heart of one of the  region's male processing centres to try and find out why so many of you  feel so badly let down by later writing letters and parcels.

  If doctors ask why won't the NHS pay for this man to have a life-  saving heart operation.

 And join me for some splendid  isolation here at Hilbre Island.

 They were the most vulnerable of  victims - five young women living in shocking poverty who had never  left the Romanian villages.

 They were lured to England were to  promise of a better life.

 These two men forced them to work as  prostitutes in Manchester.

 If they refused, they were beaten and raid.

  Today, father and son were found guilty of 34 charges.

 The  trafficking investigation was the biggest Manchester Police has ever  mounted.

 Generally, when police investigate trafficking, they might  come across one, perhaps two victims.

 To find five and five  women to give evidence right through a court case is  particularly unusual.

 What makes this case even more so is what  these women went through.

 There were horrific be beaten, some were  raid, one was told she would be hunted down if she ever talked.

  After today's verdict, police Prix is their bravery and had this  message for the traffickers.

 We will look at these crimes and they  can't just come over here and forced these girls into this sort  of crime.

 Hopefully this puts the message out that they will not get  away with it.

 They made thousands of pounds a week out of those women.

  They made nothing at all.

 The promises of better lives, of money  of jobs, they were all a lie.

 TRANSLATION: He says he would take  us to England's to earn 1,000 euros a month and clean in a restaurant.

  She needed the money to good electricity in her family's home.

  He promised his victims a way out of poverty.

 They were treated as  leaves.

 The women were put to work in flats and brothels in Manchester  and the Midlands.

 They were here for six or seven days a week some  weeks.

 They were sleeping here as well as having to work here.

 They  might be working 12 hours at a time.

 This was one of the brothels.

 It is  the local girls noticed this and they go white and buy them a  sandwich.

 They look like they have not eaten for days or weeks.

 If the  victims refused, they were beaten and threatened with knives.

 Some  were raid.

 TRANSLATION: He was beating us every day.

 I stayed  three or four months.

 I was praying to God day and night.

 Two of the  women were just 17.

 Two had very low IQ.

 One had grown up in an  orphanage.

 To be accused, they were a business.

 They made one goal work  after an abortion.

 Another who Subtitles unavailable for 0 minutes  escaped was fined and then sold to  The accused were remanded in Manchester prison, but even in jail,  at Mariya strive to traffic a six women.

 He declared his love to her  in a letter, asking her to come and be with him.

 In a letter to his  friend, he revealed he wanted to put her to work.

 If you tell her  I'm going to marry her, she will fall for that.

 The pair's phone-  calls from prisons were even more shocking.

 His wife was asked to  find the younger girl, whose age was irrelevant.

 TRANSLATION: It  does not matter! Are you stupid? Here, 16 works.

 No one cares.

  suggesting she keep his victims out of the way with offers of cleaning  work.

 We tracked down his grandmother in Romania.

 The jury  did not agree there was no proof.

 Morris and his father knife is  years behind bars.

 The women they preyed on must now try to rebuild  their lives, but it will not be This man marious has ruined us all.

  The victims have been offered or taken counselling.

 Some were told  had found jobs, but others are struggling.

  Police hope today's convictions will help them move on.

 Marious in  particular has been told he faces a substantial jail sentence.

 Father  and son will be sentenced next Julia Pugh joins me.

 Convictions  are difficult to come by in these trafficking cases, reason they?  There is something like 2500 women trafficked every year.

 What was  different in this case? There were five women who came forward to to  testify against the men.

 They were able to have good police officers  around them from the sexual crime unit as you saw in the video from  Manchester and other organisations who were drafted in to help support  them.

 We call that the victim centred care approach which is the  approach to increase the convictions that we get from these  women.

 It is something that you are still  developing, isn't it with the police and so on? What I found  extraordinary in Abbey's piece, she said an ex-brothel owner alerted  the police because he thought that one of the women was being forced.

  Do you have to work with the community to raise awareness of the  fact that if women have been trafficked they are all being  forced? Absolutely.

 Any trafficking victim will have been forced or  coerced into the work that they are doing so this is both sexual  exploitation or forced labour and for our group, our active community  against trafficking in Manchester, part of the wider work of Stop The  Traffic internationally we saw that trafficking starts in a community  and it will be stopped by a community.

  Do you think there is an impression out there amongst certain people  that actually a lot of these women choose to do this because it makes  them good money? From an immigration point of view, people  may look to people who are coming to this country to find work and  they may assume this is what they have come here to do, but that is  not the case for many, many women.

 What is the solution? Is  decriminalise decriminalising brothels one option? It has been  used in certain countries, but for us in the UK, we certainly want to  take the tack that it is, we need to try and increase the number of  convictions that we are getting, utilise the new laws that we are  using and this is a great victory for us.

 Also it is a community  awareness as a group, Act Manchester, part of Stop The  Traffic we work with the police and other officials to make them know  the signs and indicators of trafficked people.

  A senior cardiologist says he is appalled that a health trust won't  fund specialist heart surgery for an 83-year-old man which could save  his life.

 He needs a procedure to strengthen his heart before he has  treatment for cancer.

 His cardiologist says he needs the  operation now.

 His family say they can't  understand why the NHS won't listen 83-year-old John has bowl cancer.

  Without surgery, he will die.

 But he can't have that until he has  an operation to strengthen his heart.

 It costs £25,000, but his  consultant says it is the only way to save his life.

  Otherwise his quality of life is zero and his expectancy will be  less than 12 months.

 He has one pathology which will get him within  12 months, never mind two.

 This is an an x-ray.

 It replaces a  healthy healthy valve with a new one.

  Every application has has to go an individual's local Trust to decide  and Blackpool turned down John's surgery.

  John and his family are appealing that decision.

  We want the value of the NHS upholding.

 Surely that's got to be  worth something.

 I begged my insurance and there is  no money, so where has the money gone.

  When the whole team has agreed after careful scrutiny the patients  are suitable.

 I think it is appalling that a panel who are non  experts should turn down patients when we have carefully selected  them already.

 Dr Robert says he can do the  operation on Monday afternoon, but A man who killed a student while he  fled from the police in a stolen car has been jailed for nine-and-a-  half years.

 Liverpool Crown Court was told that the driving of David  Gaskell was something like a video game.

 He drove the wrong way up a  one-way street colliding with student, Andrew O'Neill.

  A court has been told a husband husband slit the throat of his love  rival after lying in wait for him.

 Preston Crown Court heard that he  his wife had been having a relationship.

 He denies murder and  the trial conditions.

 There were cheers in the Commons  this afternoon as Debbie Abrahams was sworn in as the MP.

  Mrs Abrahams is the first new MP to enter Parliament since the general  election.

 Workers a the the Heinz factory  have voted to accept an improved pay offer from the company.

  The deal is worth £3.

9 -- 3.

9% for each of the next two years.

  Are you still standing by your letterbox waiting and probably  fuming about delayed Christmas post? Well, the Royal Mail has been  defending its service today after you inundated us with your  complaints.

 Tonight the Royal Mail issued an  apology for any delays and insists all Christmas backlogs have been  sorted.

 Peter Marshal has this report.

  The Royal Mail says letters have been whizzing through Warrington  and its other mail centres.

 Many of you beg to differ.

 One viewer told  us one of their Christmas cards took 38 day to say travel six miles.

  Helpfully they point out a snail travels at six meters per hour.

 The  card 2.

8 meters per hour.

 Can bad weather really explain why  it takes a letter 38 days to arrive?  You will get delays through the bad weather, but 38 days is  at that to understand how it happened.

  Royal Mail says all four North West processing centres centres cleared  backlogs.

 This machine can deal with 42,000 items of post an hour.

  Over Christmas this plant was dealing with five million items,  but still you are having problems.

 Ken is waiting for parcels to  arrive from Luxembourg.

 He knows they are in England.

  I have been two or three different Post Offices.

  I phoned this number time and time again and it is impossible to talk  to anybody.

 The company has invested £51  million in centres like this to improve the service.

 The investment  in this machinery that you can see, they are twice as fast as the  previous machinery.

 They are very efficient.

 They are accurate.

 It is  the way forward.

 REPORTER: And yet it is taking  weeks for some letters to arrive? can't understand why you have got  these individual cases of 38 days.

 We aim to get every item through.

  It must be disappointing when you hear there are people waiting for  post? It is disappointing and apologies to customers that receive  late items.

 Well, the e-mails are still coming  A brand-new school is closing down because of competition from schools  in a a a neighbouring authority.

 The school opened two years ago and  has only half the pupils it should have.

 The head of the local  education department said parents said they want add community school,  but opted to send their children to It is bright, modern and cost  millions and is a centre for learning offering a friendly  approach to learning.

 But it is facing closure two years just after  it opened.

 For pupils like Lisa and Kimberley, preparing for another  day there this morning, the news is a shock.

 All the pupils and  teachers do not want it to close.

 It feels like there are playing God  with children's education.

 They should have a right to say they  want to go to.

 Obviously, they will pick up schools.

 They closed 11  high schools to create seven of these so-called centres for  learning.

 This was the first to open.

 When it did, there were many  promises of a bright new educational future.

 Now, it two  years on, a school that was built to take 900 pupils has just over  500.

 The number of people support to have come to the school have not  materialised.

 Why? The parents have chosen to send him, as is the right,  outside of the burrow.

 You say people are sending their children  to neighbouring burrows such as Liverpool.

 Does that mean they did  not trust the concept of a centre of learning? If you look at the  other centres of learning in the burrow, they're all very viable.

 It  is not the concept that is the issue.

 Parents were invited into  the school last night to make their views known.

 The Education  Authority says it will, but without a large influx of new pupils, it  could close as early as next year.

 Still to come in North West tonight  - a leg up the housing ladder.

 The multi- my name is Neil  Fitzmaurice.

 I have written, co-starred and co-  produced a new film set in Liverpool called Charlie Noades RIP.

  Find out more about that later on It is hard enough for young people  to get there Fitton the first run of the property ladder these days.

  It is even worse for first-time buyers on the Isle of Man, which  has some of the highest prices on the region.

 Today, the Parliament  stepped in to help them with the extra £3 million.

  The first-time buyer scheme offering grants and loans is one of  the most generous in Europe and has helped more than 1000 people since  it started 10 years ago.

 Our Isle of Man reporter has the story.

  As the finishing touches are completed outside, inside, the Rowe  family are settling into their new home.

 The Government from first-  time buyers scheme helped them turn their dream of owning a home into a  reality.

 Lots of properties that would not have been offered just  before our Opera just now with the scheme.

 It helps young families was  rented accommodation.

 It gives people an opportunity in life.

  scheme has already helped over 1000 first-time buyers and involves  building affordable homes and offering grants and loans.

  Today, there was an extra £2.

8 million released to keep the scheme  running.

 For the terms that we offer our young people on the  island grant assistance and the loans that the offer as a top-up  scheme, but that is more generous than anything offered in the  Western world.

 With its sea views, low crime rates and booming  financial sector, house prices on the Isle of Man are well above the  national average.

 Properties here cost around £270,000.

 That is  nearly double other parts of the North West.

 I think they're quite  ridiculously expensive.

 Me and my fiance have been saving for quite  some time and we're renting at the moment.

 In a lot of people have  moved over to England because of the prices.

 There of is the finding  it very difficult to pay that kind of price.

 But under Government  rules, 25% of all new housing developments must include  affordable housing.

 Family properties like these.

 And for the  Rowe family, it has been a life- changing move for their growing  family.

 Sport, and former Manchester City  manager Sven-Goran Eriksson dip returns to the club tonight since  its first acrimonious departure 18 months ago.

 He brings his Leicester  side to the city of Manchester stadium for an FA cub third round  replay.

 There is full commentary on BBC Radio Manchester.

 Kick-off is  at 7:45pm.

 Meanwhile, Everton midfielder  Steven Pienaar says he's leaving Goodison Park to sign for Tottenham  in a deal worth around £2.

5 million.

 On the red half of Merseyside,  Liverpool have accepted a bid from German club Hoffenheim for Ryan  Babel.

 It is one of the hidden gems of the  North West.

 Hilbre Island come off the coast of world, is up home two  seals come up oysters and until recently, just one single Ranger.

  Now, the islanders to be returned to splendid isolation as his last  tune in and hugged and prepares to move out.

 Our environment  Correspondent sports.

 When you following the tide out, it  is just a case of waiting.

 The Ysaye tide and time waits for  no one, so visiting Hilbre Island means you have to keep a close eye  on what to see is up to.

 The lovely day today, isn't it? But it was  only a couple of weeks ago when it was the quits the when the island,  which was unusual.

 If it is worth a trip to the nature reserve that is  a firm favourite with local people but little known outside the area.

  If the tide is going out.

 You can see more of these rocks exposed.

  There are unique species on this island that you cannot find  anywhere else.

 A couple of Atlantic Grey Seals bob about in the sea.

  The island is a haven for wildlife.

 There's always something to see.

  On a bright but very cold January day, we're the only people on the  island.

 In the summer, it attracts hundreds of visitors who make the  60 minute crossing over from West The building we just passed his the  Telegraph house.

 That would have been the telegraph operator who  live there.

 It was his responsibility to look after the  boys on the estuary.

 Today, the islanders and the Wirral Council,  who decided not to keep a ranger here.

 There is a team of Rangers to  can come out - not necessarily just respond, but come out more  regularly.

 After a couple of hours, it is time to go.

 Misread The Times  at -- tides and it is very easy to be marooned.

 Mind you, there are  worse places to be.

 Stunning shots!  Just gorgeous.

 You learn something new every  single day.

 It was good to see the sun and the  blue-sky! It has been a bit sunny recently  that us find out if there is more Good evening.

 Things will change  and a subtle way over the next couple of days.

 Our weather this  week - it is much more settled.

 We have an area of high pressure  sitting right over the whole of the UK.

 Nothing happens very quickly,  but what will happen is that we will dragons and cloud cover over  the next couple of days.

 The cloud cover will not want to move away.

  Try and enjoy the sunshine that you should see through the day tomorrow.

  It will make a big goal difference.

 When it's gone, but temperatures  will be quite poor.

 Three or four degrees.

 Through this evening and  overnight tonight, there will be good bricks developing.

  Temperatures like last night - we had a one below freezing.

 We might  have the same problem tonight.

 There could be a touch of frost.

 In  towns and cities, two and three degrees.

 Four along the coast.

 But  our biggest problem this morning, as many of you will know, it was  mist and fog.

 The bend will be just as light tomorrow as it was this  morning, so any mist that will develop will not move away.

 It will  be stubborn.

 In places this morning, visibility was between 105 hundred  metres.

 That causes problems for drivers and you could have a  problem for repeating tomorrow morning.

 Through the day, the sun  starts to work its way through.

 That is not a bad picture.

 A bit of  patchy cloud tending to run around the Pennines.

 For most of us, there  will be a glimpse of patchy cloud but with sunny spells.

 It is very  quiet.

 In terms of temperatures - like today.

 By the Six degrees.

 The  wind will be like tomorrow.

 After that, this area of high pressure on  not move away.

 Tamara night, it could be quite chilly.

 Perhaps two  beneath Freezing.

 The outlook over the next couple of days does not  The North West is in the running to win a clutch of awards it is your's  The Warrington actor Pete Postlethwaite has been nominated  for a posthumous award, while Radcliffe's Danny Boyle and  Salford's Mike Leigh will compete for Best British Film for 127 hours  and Another year.

 It sounded like you were the voice-  over for the actual words there! If the movie industry was giving  out awards for perseverance, the team behind a Liverpool film which  premieres tonight would have a very good chance of winning.

 Charlie  Noades RIP hits the big screen this weekend, nearly 10 years after it  was written and three years after filming finished.

 It has been a  labour of love for the family who produced it.

  So it on film done Liverpool, at Charlie Noades RIP is a case of  life imitating art.

 The plot centres around is struggling family  business and a son's journey to improve their fortunes.

 It was  produced by a small independent film company run by the Fitzmaurice  brothers.

 Its producer, writer, and Stark, Neil, began the journey to  fulfil his family's dreams in the decade ago.

 It has been a constant  battle just to get any kind of finance.

 We had over £1 million  wiped out in a phone call because the company who were going to give  it to us changed their administration.

 We just went to bed  at night and stared at the ceiling.

 Charlie Noades RIP opens in  Liverpool this weekend, alongside films like The Green Hornet.

 That  cost £70 million to make.

 Then there is the dilemma - said -- an  estimated £43 million.

 Charlie Noades RIP cost just £300,000.

 That  is probably less than the catering budget for these two.

  Her eyes to look at this film and it is the only film I have been  involved in where I cannot work out to be to do sex like a while making  the film was a struggle for Neil and his fellow producers, the rest  of the cast were blissfully unaware.

 We had a wonderful experience of  going to the Cannes Film Festival.

 We laughed from beginning to end.

  And now we were here tonight.

 It is great.

 But he is too early nodes?  That would be telling.

 Good luck!  Just going back to our story about the Royal Mail - that apology  hasn't convinced many of you! Len Kelly has emailed us.

 He says,  "Does the spokesman think that people are stupid enough to accept  such a condescending excuse for an apology? Blaming the weather and  saying that things were not properly addressed - what a load of  complete and utter rubbish".

 Sue Austin says, "My parents who  live in Brinscall near Chorley received a card on January 10th  that had been posted to them - in Brinscall - on December 12th".

  Andy Hale says he's just received a birhday card from his sister -  posted first class on January 5th.

 "So how do they explain that - they  can't blame Christmas or the bad weather.

 They don't understand what  customer service is and its no wonder they are losing volume".

  This is from a post when - maybe

 That sounds good.

 We will be back.

  In tonight's programme, --:, the builder who is behind bars for  scanning two elderly people out of more than £800,000.

 The criminals  will be dealt with when they are caught.

 Also, trying to keep  chickens are free of flu.

 Consensus in Oxfordshire hold the key? --  could scientists.

 And the women hoping to be the  world championships -- champions at this guy getting? -- skydiving? A  builder who scammed more than two orderly -- elderly people has been  jailed.

 Scott Jackson has been sentenced to two and a half years.

  The judge said he hoped the message went out to other rogue traders.

  Scott Jackson was described as an unscrupulous individual.

 He and his  business partner who has already been jailed preyed on two elderly  victims in their late 70s.

 They told them that they needed building  work carried out on their house and then did that work to a shoddy  standard and vastly overcharged them.

 In total, the pair received  £850,000, of which Jackson received a quarter of a million.

 Surveyors  said the work can be valued at no more than a 10th of what they were  paid and in court the prosecution said that one of the victims had to  rebuild his house.

 This was a major fraud that took years to bring to  justice, the work of a long-running inquiry by Thames Valley Police and  Oxfordshire Trading Standards.

 came about by some routine  patrolling and that is how we spotted it.

 We just spoke to the  home owner.

 The more we spoke to the home one or the more it came to  light.

 We are pleased with the result and it sends a message out  to the criminals that they will be dealt with when they are caught.

  The number of incidents reported to trading standards in Oxfordshire is  increasing.

 Between April and December 2009 there were 292.

 Half  a million pounds was deceitfully taking.

 In the last nine months of  last year, there were 388 incidents.

 Scott Jackson said he was sorry for  his behaviour, telling the court that he had moved on and created a  new life for himself since committing these crimes.

 He had  also taking control of a gambling addiction.

 -- are taking control.

  The judge knew that he would serve time and jail.

 He winked at Bury --  several family members as he began his sentence, half of which he will  serve outside of prison, on licence.

 A short time ago I spoke to Matt  Allwright, the presenter of the BBC's programme Rogue Traders, and  I asked him if - you work and were a growing problem.

 -- I asked him  if road workmen were a growing problem.

 There are more guys out  there looking for jobs when they don't necessarily have the training  or expertise to carry those jobs out.

 I am not sure there are  statistics to back that up but we are finding it very easy to find  people that are suing -- doing jobs they should not be.

 How can people  help themselves? Part of it is doing your research and making sure  that you have a broad spectrum of quotes for a job.

 When you do sign  someone up, have a look at the way that you are paying them, I think  that is really important.

 Do not put large sums of money up front.

  If you have to pay upfront, you are paying for materials, and whenever  they are purchased, you see Materials and receipts and invoices.

  I think those are two ways you can protect yourself.

 Is there any sure  -- should prove wait to ensure that the work you are getting is going  to be good? Unfortunately, there is not a sure-fire way.

 Business has  changed hands and names change and a company that may be six months  ago was operating on a sure footing may not be now.

 There is no real  guarantee.

 The best thing you can do is speak to people that you know  and trust who might have had work done and see evidence of the work  that they have had done.

 Thank you.

 A police officer has been injured  after she was knocked down on the A34 last night.

 She was helping a  driver who had broken down on the Peartree interchange when she was  hit by a car.

 A 63-year-old man was arrested at the scene.

  A mosque in Oxford had to be evacuated the second Ian during  prayers.

 500 people were inside the mosque on Stanley Road.

 -- evening  prayers.

 A fire started and it is thought it started in the boiler  room.

 The people were told to just get out.

 We have several accepts.

  Everyone was out of the mosque within minutes.

 The fire brigade  came very quickly.

 So I'd just in Oxfordshire hoping to find a new  vaccine to protect birds from avian flu.

 -- scientists.

 Researchers at  Rutherford Appleton Laboratory are discovering how the vaccine works  with chicken cells.

 The flu can be fatal if passed our own.

  This is a long way from the poultry farms of the Far East.

 Scientists  say they are on a break for rule to help -- help eradicate avian flu.

  The scientists here say they could improve vaccinations.

  vaccinations stop but -- stop it but do not stop them spreading it  and we do not want them to get it if we are to hope to prevent the  emergence of new pandemics in the future.

 They might even threaten  humans.

 A team of scientists from London and Oxford have been working  at the Barack Obama.

 Living cells are lit up by laser beams --  Rutherford Appleton Laboratory.

 Living cells are lit up by a laser  beams.

 A at the moment, we do not understand how these viruses  interact with each other, so we have developed advanced microscope  techniques to allow us to do this.

 The Alternate aim is to stop any  pandemic before it stops -- before it starts.

 It could be a decade  before the research done here could make an impact for countries who  are most warble to the disease.

 -- warm rubble.

  -- speed limits are going to drop within the next few months.

 70  people have died on the B4022 near Charlbury in the last decade.

  A newly-married couple say they are devastated that thieves have stolen  their honeymoon and wedding the owners from their honeymoon in West  Oxfordshire.

 A laptop and a digital camera were also taking in the  burglary last Friday.

 The newlyweds are offering a cash return - a poor  reward for the return of their pictures.

 -- a cash reward for the  return of their pictures.

 These are of no use to anyone but myself and  my husband.

 The cameras have everything from our Honeyman and it  is the pieces of jewellery that I got from my grandmother who is now  low longer here.

 -- honeymoon.

 You cannot put a price on that.

 Still  to come on this evening's news: A year and from the Haiti disaster,  how the then Radiohead is the sting the emergency fund.

 And the women  who want to be champions at skydiving.

 A but storage warehouse  in Swindon has reached a milestone with the delivery of its one  millionth item.

 The movement of books has been taking place for  years.

 The staff have been taking in nearly 20,000 items and Dave.

 --  items a day.

 The total will be 6.

5 million and that allows us to  consolidate our collections in one space and began renovating the new  library for other purposes so we can have exhibitions and invite the  public in to see some of the great treasures we have.

 Normally bans  and record companies do not approve of an official footage of their  material being sold, but Radiohead are making an exception with a  belying DVD of their concert last year saying that all of the money  will go to the fund to help Haiti.

 We have been to Haiti to see how  This is the work of Radiohead's fans.

 It is a Haiti benefit concert  played last year as seen from the crowd.

 Snippets of a mobile phone  and a camera footage had been edited together, producing a unique  take on the show.

 And the Oxford- based band have given it their seal  of approval, asking fans to donate Basra could download it and donate  to Oxfam.

 But this is the -- asking fans to download it and donate to  Oxfam.

 But this is the reality in Haiti.

 This film from the aid  agency habitat for humanity explain the better explains the change.

  Emergency shelters were provided by the relief agency and is now  starting to build permanent homes.

 We are building a corner shop to  design which is a starter home that is earthquake resistant.

 The idea  is to build back better and stronger and smarter.

 All of those  homes would be far more equipped to withstand another quake.

 The aim is  to build enough homes to house a quarter of a million pounds --  people and will take at least five years.

 The anniversary has put  Haiti back in the headlines for a few days but it will take many more  years for the country to recover from such a disaster.

  A doctor has just returned from three months in Haiti and I asked  her what it was like for people a year after the earthquake.

 Life is  very hard for the people of Haiti.

 It was already the poorest country  in the hemisphere and Mallett has problems with hurricane and cholera  - a group and now it has problems with hurricane and cholera a.

 --  and now it has peaked -- problems with hurricane and call round.

 The  patient there are very unwell.

 They are near to death when they come to  the hospital.

 A how successful is the treatment for collarette over  there? A bit is very successful if you treat it early enough.

 You have  to replace the fluids that you lose from the disease.

 It is just a case  of presenting it early enough for us to help you.

 One other problems  are you coming across's it is the same other problems you when --  white other problems are you coming across? We do have a lot of violent  injuries.

 There is a picture of you with a little boy who has a cut on  his head.

 That was sustained in a fight between two women where the  baby got mixed up in the fight and sustained a cut to his fight.

  a terribly sweet.

 He was very nice.

 Those are the injuries you deal  with.

 I am sure they exist but I have not seen them as much.

  photograph really stood up which -- stood out which is the picture of  the wheelchair.

 I think that just really highlight the sort of level  of resources there are in Haiti at the moment.

 We were relatively  well-funded but this is the kind of equipment we were dealing with.

 It  passes over to other equipment.

 We did not have blood tests available  or imaging tests available.

 Was it a big culture shock for you?  act was very different.

 It was good for me as a doctor because I got to  use all of my skills.

 You really have to rely on your diagnostic  skills rather than machinery and tests to work out what is going on  with patients.

 A you going back? am going back in March.

 Are you  going to raise money to take over there? I am going to raise money  for the spinal cord unit.

 We want to give better nutritious --  nutrition to the people in the unit.

 We are also hoping to get some  donations for basic goods such as baby clothing and other items that  we take for granted but the people in Haiti do not have.

 Thank you for  If you want to help at Joanna, you can e-mail her.

 Still ahead in the  programme: The painter who creates works of art using his mouth.

 Find  out what's behind Keith Jansz's latest picture.

  And putting in the practice: The children gearing up for the concert  He may have seen our reports this week into complaints about the  delivery service for it -- provided by Royal Mail.

 We decided to test  the postal system in Oxfordshire.

 We sent out 50 letters to addresses  in the county.

 In our non scientific experiment, just over  half arrive the following day, but more than a week later, three are  missing.

 We have had a number of Subtitles unavailable for 0 minutes  Thank you for the Commons.

 Earlier  this week, well melt apologised for the service and said that the  extreme bad weather of December was responsible for recent problems --  Royal Mail apologised.

 A painting with a difference has  been donated to charities day.

 Buy from Oxfordshire was paralysed from  the shoulders down -- Keith Jansz.

 Pride of place.

 Keith Jansz what is  on as his creation takes up its new permanent position at Douglas House  Hospice.

 It took many attempts to produce his work of art.

 The paint  starts to arrive on the canvas and something worthwhile start to  happen.

 Over a year to paint this picture, which when I look back now  at what they achieved, I feel very pleased that it is going to hang in  such an auspicious place.

 This is why it was so painstaking to  produce.

 Keith was left paralysed after a car accident 15 years ago.

  We first met keep back in 2003.

 Since then, his work has been  exhibited far and wide.

 His inspiration to donate this painting  to charity came from much closer to home.

 A BBC reporter came to  interview me three years ago.

 I suggested to her that I would like  this to hang in Oxford and she recommended a Douglas House Hospice.

  Keep got to look around the hospice himself today.

 I hope everybody can  have the privilege of meeting the artist, he has said he will come  back.

 I hope that he will come and meet some of the young people who  actually themselves a row could artists.

 They would be doubly  inspired by meeting him.

 It seemed this may not be so much the end of  the creative process as the beginning of a new friendship.

  Music students from Milton Keynes are looking forward to their  biggest ever concert.

 Next week, the pupils will be performing with  the Milton Keynes City Orchestra in front of the High Sherriff of  Buckinghamshire.

 Six days to go and the pressure is on.

 But this is no  ordinary after school orchestra practice.

 In just under a week's  time, these young additions will play shoulder to shoulder with the  professionals of the Milton Keynes City Orchestra in a specially  produced concert for the High Sherriff of Buckinghamshire.

 And  the man at the helm, one of the country's rest influential musical  directors.

 This will change lives.

 Professional players love playing  with young people, it is so thrilling to have people you're  discovering Music for the first time.

 Faisal Shahzad founded the  Milton Keynes City Orchestra in 1975 -- Hilary Davan Wetton found  it.

 The orchestra's leader was on hand to provide the students with  some last-minute guidance.

 Learning music is hard work.

 You're isolated,  you have got to practise.

 And they really need inspirational  opportunities to see where their aspirations can live anti-EC what  they can achieve if they work hard.

 -- and to see.

 It is a larger venue,  a larger audience and a higher standard.

 It does not happen every  day, play with professional musicians.

 It is a great  opportunity.

 Is this -- this excess of collaborations like this are  vital as cuts to arts funding take their toll.

 -- the excess -- the  success.

 But if the energy of the rehearsals anything to go by, the  future is looking very bright indeed.

 They sound very good.

 Time  for the sport now.

 First, news of a couple of big  moves in football's transfer market.

 Swindon are set to sell defender  Sean Morrison to Reading for £250,000.

 The 20-year-old has  scored five goals this season including this one at Yeovil.

 He'll  be missing for tomorrow's return fixture at the County Ground.

  And there's a major move at MK Dons as well with striker Jermaine  Easter leaving to join Championship side Crystal Palace.

 He was  recalled from a loan at Swansea earlier in the week, but after  leaving South Wales, he has now moved to South London for an  undisclosed fee.

 Swindon against Yeovil and Milton  Keynes Dons are the games to look out for tomorrow afternoon, with  BBC local radio commentary on both games.

 In League Two, Wycombe are  away to Lincoln and Oxford are at home to Bradford City.

 That game is  live on BBC Radio Oxford 95.

2 FM.

 And the Oxford United chairman  Kelvin Thomas will be a guest on BBC Radio Oxford's new breakfast  programme on Monday.

 The programme starts at 7am.

  Sunday's rugby action sees Wasps heading to Glasgow in Pool Six of  the European Cup.

 Joe Worsely returns as fly-half for the  Buckinghamshire side who are looking for the victory which would  keep them in touch with group favourites and reigning European  champions Toulouse.

 Formula One is gearing up for its new season which  is only eight weeks away and Renault driver Vitaly Petrov is  preparing for it by moving to Oxford.

 The Russian had a mixed  start in his debut season, but was told he will improve if he moved  closer to Renault's Enstone base, and he has obliged.

 Fernando Alonso  made a similar move when he was at Renault and then delivered them a  world championship.

 Now to a new team who have very  high hopes.

 Four women from Oxfordshire have just come together  to form one of the British skydiving teams plotting success at  this summer's World Championships in Germany.

 We've been to find out  what motivates someone to throw themselves out of a plane, over and  over again.

 And Rebecca and am a property  manager.

 When Sarah and I am a personal trainer.

 I am Amanda and I  This is four-way formation sky diving.

 I skydive because it is my  passion and my hobby.

 It is a sport in which she will never stop  learning.

 I do it for the exhilaration and being above the  worked.

 I did for the adrenalin rush and the team spirit.

 You might  call it jumping out of a plane, you might just call it bonkers, but  they call it flying and despite what they do they feel they're  going up in the world.

 Not surprisingly, the four members of  the Bodyflight aerodyne team are leaving nothing to chance when it  comes to preparing for world championships Wintery conditions  don't lend themselves to sky diving so they've started their  preparations in a wind tunnel in Bedford.

 I don't remember it being  that good! Initially, it is the adrenalin rush from jumping out of  trains.

 They are still an element of danger about it, but we're not  scared jumping out of planes now.

 We enjoy the competition.

 Wintery  conditions do not lend insult to skydiving so they have started  their operations in a wind tunnel in Bedford.

 Their cameraman also  trains with them.

 It's what he captures on camera that they will  be judged on.

 I'm very ambitious in terms of wanting to do your best  and working with the team.

 Now, when you get out of the plane,  you're thinking about what is the next.

 And how we are a going to get  better.

 After another training session it's back to the day job -  that always brings them down to earth.

 I would like to have a goal  in the wind tunnel but I could never jump out of a plane.

 One of  them has the fear of flying, I went no names! -- I won't name names.

  Now for the weather forecast.

 you violent showers this afternoon  and evening.

 They will be strong winds throughout the course of the  night.

 Starting off dry tomorrow with some heavy rain arriving.

  Temperatures will be dipping from last night's values.

 True tomorrow  morning, the winner back for will be noticeable -- the winds will be  noticeable.

 More significant rain on Sunday.

 But Saturday-morning, it  will be drizzly and he's in a way he in the afternoon.

 Quite cloudy.

  -- easing away.

 The height of 12 Celsius.

 Very strong wind at --  winds on Saturday.

 Sunday morning, that is where the main concern lies.

  It is going to be rather wet.

 If you are feeling brave enough, go to  Whitney's car-boot sale.

 If you want to be up and about in the rain  that is something you could do.

 It will be significant women living to  Sunday afternoon.

 True Monday, we could still see some rain early on  in the day -- through Monday.

 Temperatures will be dipping for  the start of next week, start -- that any feeling cooler.

 Plenty of  information online.

 And a reminder

 Welcome to the programme.

 Battling  back.

 The woman mown down by quarry thieves.

 Kirby Hamill was left for  dead after being hit by a stolen transporter, like this.

 You just  think that's life today, that's what people do.

 I was just unlucky,  in the wrong place at the wrong time.

 Also, jail for two men who  failed to raise the alarm after this Vanna sang with a teenager at  the wheel.

 Plus half the man he used to be.

 How Simon last 16  stones in six months.

 And coming up, me talking mainly about me and the  reason that I'm coming to Good evening.

 A woman who suffered  horrific injuries when she was run over by a stolen quarry truck says  she owes her life to the neighbour who found her and to the air  ambulance service.

 Kirby Hamel's injuries were so bad, surgeons had  to rebuild her lower leg and reconstruct her face.

 But she is  recuperating well.

 Learning to walk again.

 Its slow progress but given  the extent of Kirby Hamel's injuries, she's making a remarkable  recovery.

 The driver of the stolen quarry truck ran over the right  side of her body.

 Her leg was crushed, she had multiple breaks  and fractures.

 The first thing that I can think of is a voice saying  they were going to run me over.

 I had no idea why a.

 As been told  since that was the air ambulance putting me on to a stretcher.

  That's the only thing I remember, a voice saying that to me.

 Then I  woke up in hospital.

 She had been out for a Sunday walk here in  Clipsham.

 The forklift truck had been stolen from the quarry.

 It was  as the thief was making his getaway that he ran Kirby over, leaving her  with extensive injuries.

 You just think that's life to get -- today,  that's what people do.

 I think it happens all the time, probably.

 I  was just unlucky.

 When I first saw her I thought she was dead.

 All  very close to it.

 Her injuries were horrific.

 Her face was in a  terrible mess.

 We just did what we could until the professionals  arrived.

 I managed to support her head and keep her awake and try to  keep her talking.

 Derby was run over by a quarry truck like this on  a remote lane.

 She is full of praise for the neighbour who found  her.

 She is certain that quick medical care saved her life.

  wouldn't have survived if he hadn't found me and got the help when he  did.

 The air ambulance were fantastic, wonderful.

 Without them  it would be a different story.

 couple have been overwhelmed by all  the support they received.

 It's helped to restore their faith in  human nature.

 Leicestershire County Council to night confirmed that it  plans to make cuts of £82 million and shed 1000 posts over the next  four years.

 The first compulsory redundancies have been made, and  the council says that during these cutbacks it won't raise council tax.

  Mike O'Sullivan can join us from Leicestershire County Council  headquarters.

 What's been happening? Yes, around an hour ago  I had a briefing from the senior political leadership and senior  council managers confirming that over the next four years, £82  million of cuts will be made, £58 million of that will be savings of  1000 posts ago as well.

 The compulsory redundancies have been  made, some in the communications department.

 Although the council  are saying it is trying to keep the compulsory redundancies down to a  minimum.

 The council says that over these cutbacks it isn't going to  raise council tax at all.

 Even though it could generate lots of  extra income.

 This year, council tax will be held at zero % by a  government grant.

 In the future three years we have decided to  leave it at a zero % increase.

 We think people appreciate the pound  being left in their pockets, not being taken by us and put in our  pockets.

 The council is saying It's trying to protect vulnerable adults  and children's services in this.

 Some of the cuts will hit the youth  service.

 Few editions of the council newspaper, recycling Saker  -- recycling centres could be cut.

 Some schools could stagger their  opening hours as well so that the buses could do more than one school  run.

 Lots of details still coming through.

 The council will debate  this next month.

 Still to come.

.

.

 The weather.

 And can sound -- Sally  find anything positive in the outlook? We are set to get milder  through the rest of the week.

 But this comes at a price.

 I'll explain  Two men have been described as cowards for failing to raise the  alarm sooner after a stolen van plunged into a river, resulting in  the death of the 14-year-old boy who was behind the wheel.

 Patrick  Devitt's family claimed his life might have been saved if the men  hadn't taken 12 hours to raise the alarm.

 -- Patrick Piggott.

 Today  they were jailed by a judge at Derby Crown Court.

 Last July a Ford  Escort van was pulled out of the River Derwent at Raynesway by the  police, following an anonymous call.

 It had been stolen and driven off  the day before by 14-year-old Patrick Piggott, of a driveway in  Derby.

 He picked up his best friend, Leigh Walters, who is 19, and  another friend, Paul Berridge, who was 25 at the time.

 The van was  driven at 40 miles an hour along the pathway by the river.

 Patrick  lost control and the plant -- a band plunged into the water.

 A  woman saw Berridge and Walters climbing up the river bank, but  neither of them told her Patrick was inside and told to raise the  alarm.

 Even when members of Patrick's family went round to  Walters' house, they swore they hadn't seen his friend.

 Later it  emerged that Walters had tried to unleash Patrick's seatbelt but  buried climbed over him to get out.

 The judge sentenced Berridge tutu  macro years and Walters to 20 months.

 He told them that to cover-  up the wrong doing they'd failed to do what they should have done,  which was to raise the alarm.

 He said they'd taken the cowardly way  out because they were scared of getting caught joyriding.

 The pair  admitted aggravated vehicle taking and were also disqualified from  driving for two years.

 Patrick's family described the sentences as a  joke.

 More developments after that undercover police operation  prompted the collapse of a Nottingham climate protest trial.

  The chief constable, Julia Hobson, has now asked for two independent  inquiries.

 Yesterday, six men were cleared of planning to break into  Ratcliffe power station, after it emerged that Pc Mark Kennedy had  offered to help their defence team.

 Let's talk to our social affairs  correspondent who has been following the case.

 What are these  inquiries going to be looking at? This case has raised huge questions  about the murky world of undercover policing.

 They are talking to ACPO,  as well as the policing inspectorate, to decide who ought  to investigate exactly what Mark Kennedy was doing.

 PC Kennedy was  employed by the Metropolitan Police, but his friends claim he crossed a  line from simply spying on climate activists, to helping organise that  illegal plan to shut down that could power station.

 Julia Hobbs  and also wants an inquiry into the collapse of yesterday's trial in  Nottingham.

 The Independent Police Complaints Commission is being  asked to look at that one.

 We've heard from PC Mark Kennedy himself,  haven't we? Yes, they have been questions over whether he'd gone  native, as it was put.

 The BBC's Newsnight programme revealed secret  recordings of him offering to help the activist in Nottingham that  he'd been spying on.

 If I can help in what way I can, I'd like to.

 I  know a lot of good people to do something right for change.

 Today  the police chief's Association told us that undercover operations are  highly regulated and that they protect the public from crime.

 But  it has emerged that questions about PC Mark Kennedy's infiltration, it  even has reached the German parliament.

 I don't think we've  heard the end of this.

 Police are appealing for witnesses  after a woman was hit by a car and died.

 The accident happened this  morning outside the post office in Little Eaton, near Derby, at around  5:45am.

 The woman died later in hospital.

 Police want to hear from  anyone who was in the Alfreton Road area at the time.

 Students have  been protesting in Nottingham as part of a national day of action.

  Around 150 gathered in the Old Market Square this afternoon.

 They  are angry at cuts to the education maintenance allowance and increases  in university tuition fees.

 Police have arrested two MEN after a bank  robbery in Nottingham.

 It happened at a branch of the Royal Bank of  Scotland on banker plane in Wollaton.

 Two men in their 30s were  later stopped by armed officers at Ilkeston Road in Stableford and of  being questioned.

 Police are appealing for witnesses.

 The  husband of a Dobbie woman who disappeared from her home on Friday  is begging for the public to cast their minds back to try to find it.

  -- eight Derby woman.

 Det Beckerson said his wife left their Alveston  home in the morning and has simply vanished.

 -- Jeff Beckerson.

 On  Friday morning, Sharon Beckerson was due to take the bus, like she  has done most days over the past few months, to a support group next  to the Derby Royal Infirmary.

 But she didn't turn up.

 Her husband  says that despite Sharon suffering a breakdown in September, that  she's made a strong recovery and was looking forward to the future.

  I kissed her goodbye and told her I loved her like a do every morning  at 7:20am the.

 I was feeling a lot more positive.

 Police know that at  around 9:20am Sharon Mayday call from a landline.

 At around 9:30am  the neighbours here on could would drive think they saw her.

 At 9:50am  Sharon's mobile phone was switched off.

 No one has seen or heard from  her since.

 Geoff thinks that Sharon may have taken the 44 the 45 bus  into Derby.

 She was wearing a three-quarter length black jacket  and boots, exactly like these ones.

 Dec says public support is now  vital.

 Somebody somewhere has got to have seen Sharon.

 I beg everyone  to think back.

 Anybody in Alvaston, think back what you were doing at  9:30am on Friday morning.

 Anyone with information is being asked to  contact Derbyshire police.

 The government's cancer Tsar has opened  a new radiotherapy centre, which is said to be the best in the country.

  The £21 million facility at Nottingham City Hospital will treat  more than 3000 cancer patients a year from across the East Midlands.

  It's hoped the centre will help to reduce waiting times and offer the  best possible treatment.

 New figures show that retailers in one  city suffered badly in the run-up to Christmas because of the snow.

  The number of shoppers visiting Nottingham city centre was down by  around 10 % in December, compared with the previous year.

 Still to  come.

.

.

 Two MEN famous for their funny walks.

 One of them is John  Cleese and the other is John Holmes.

 Join me on the trail of Robin Hood  With the new year 11 days old, many of us are still intent on losing  those few extra pounds gained over Christmas.

 One man, he has got off  to a spectacular head start.

 In just half a year he has halved his  body weight.

 We think we know you will notice the difference.

 Jim  Harris has been to meet the incredible shrinking man.

 Watch  closely now.

 The before.

.

.

 And the after.

 Simon was fed up with his 33  stone frame, so he decided to do something about it.

 Six months of  diet, exercise and a fair amount of true grit have produced a loss of  over 16 stones.

 That's around 19 pounds a week.

 Life is opening up  for me.

 It's not just physical change, my confidence is growing,  how I'm a interacting with people, my physical fitness doesn't compare  to how I used to be.

 One of the things that motivated me, I watched  my mother, who was very overweight, the last few years of her life.

.

.

  It's not a nice way to go.

 I reached the conclusion that if I  didn't do anything I was pretty much guaranteed a slow and painful  death.

 As an IT consultant by trade, Simon's approach was scientific and  thoroughly worked out.

 One of my favourite exercises is spinning.

  I've designed an app to help other people do that to the iPhone.

 It  isn't just a case of training for a long time.

 There are smarter ways  to train.

 I hope to help other people do the same as I have.

  challenge now is to stay in trim, and he won't be needing these  To that was brilliant, wasn't it? Now it is all time for their second  instalment of Holmes and Away.

 This time, John Holmes is hot on  the heels of an outlaw.

 And not just any old outlaw, but the  legendary Friar Tuck.

 As walk begins at Portland College near  Mansfield.

 We will come.

 A the King's High we used to pass through  here and many a traveller came to a very sticky end.

 - - King's High  way.

 As you leave the wood, you It is time now to reveal.

 There is  a lot of myths and written about Robin Hood, but here is a fact.

  Friar Tuck was probably a friar from this Priory.

 The area is known  as Fountain Dale and it is rumoured here that Robin who demanded that  Friar Tuck carry him across the river - and Friar Tuck top 10  minutes.

 A terrible fight ensued Just before we ended with a cup of  coffee, I want to show you this.

 You thought roadside shrines were a  modern thing.

 This is the shepherds stone and marks the spot where this  lady was murdered in 1817.

 The murder was caught, convicted and  hanged.

 I could do with that cup of coffee.

 And from that, to Derby  County.

 Derby County man has just Nigel  Clough has apologised to fans after the club's embarrassing FA Cup  defeat at non-league Crawley.

 -- Derby County manager.

  It was a massive shock, but the chief executive tells us that the  internet rumours should be ignored - Clough is their man and staying  had be in bad enough putting up with the wind, the rain and a sub-  standard performance, but a last- minute defeat?  It was Derby's worst FA Cup result for more than 15 years.

 -- more  than 50 years.

 The are just not performing on the pitch.

 They are  just not doing it.

 I do not know what they're doing and the training  The Nigel as a hour guy.

 He does so much for this club.

 He is extremely  game, but Derby did little to help themselves.

 They were fortunate to  get an early penalty, but the attempt summed up their night -  lacklustre and not good enough.

 Even the bonus of an equalising  goal from Miles Addison fail had to add a spark.

  Instead of Derby taking control, it was Crawley who were determined to  fight back.

 All they did.

 Both last night and today, no-one  from Derby County has wanted to talk about it.

 The Silence of the  Rams - a horror show indeed.

 Today, the manager issued an apology to  the fans.

 That was back by the I think we will see a bit of Trans  their activity in January.

 It is clearly going to be testing time in  the next few weeks.

 There was a boost for Leicester  Tigers as they prepare for an ageing Heineken Cup match at the  weekend.

 -- a huge.

 Forward Thomas Waldrom has been named Aviva  Premiership Player of the Month for December.

  He was presented with the trophy at today's Tigers press conference  after a great month, which included a try during Leicester's vital away  win at London Irish.

 It is fantastic just being out there  doing what I love and doing the best for the team.

  When it was announced it seemed an age away.

 Now we can say it is next  year that the Olympics are coming.

 Over the next 18 months, will be  bringing you news of our aspiring athletes and of the many events  happening right here in the East Midlands.

 To start us off, we have  invited one of our international athletes, Helen Barnes, to give us  her take on London 2012.

 It a is going to be the biggest sporting  event that Great Britain has ever staged.

 The promise is that more  young people take part in sport.

 This is the East Midlands gymnastic  Centre in Nottingham.

 They already have stars here, but there are  younger kids whose dreams and ambitions have been inspired by  2012.

 It is great to get the younger ones involved an increase  the participation in gymnastics.

 I have been lucky to call for the  world and my sport and I hold two world records.

 To help pay for it,  I also teach part-time and this is one of my classes.

 Good morning,  everyone! The school is well into the Olympics already.

 The legacy  means what are the game's going to leave behind? The children have  been making promises about what they will do over the next year.

  They call it their Olympic pledge.

 I want to get better at cricket.

  I want to get more sporty and get more active.

 My pledges to stay  determined and not give up.

 Over the next 18 months, I expect to see  intense activity around sport inspired by the preposition for the  Olympics and Paralympics.

 The National Ice Centre has got a  programme called projects inspired by 2012.

 I would love to hear from  you.

 If your club or school is doing something inspired by the  Olympics, tomorrow, the teenager who is taking our message to  Downing Street.

 Here is the e-mail for you to get  in touch - emt@bbc.

co.

uk.

 And we will have more from Helen tomorrow.

  That was lovely.

 It is not often we have a comedy  superstar on our programme, one who has done it all - a living legend.

  From sitcoms to big budget movies, John Cleese has had most of us  crying with laughter in his time.

 Particularly in that great sketch!  By now he is about to do something new and it involves coming to  Nottingham.

 Jo Healey caught up with him at the Theatre Royal.

  Where do I start! Monty Python's Flying Circus, Fawlty Towers.

 I  have seen them all and loved them all.

 John Cleese, it is fantastic  to be due.

 You're going to be back here in May, what is it all about?  First, I must say, what a fantastic theta.

 Just to stand on stage and  look up is so beautiful and such a Lovell lovely intimate act at this  fear.

 This is going to be fun.

 tour is called Alla money.

 You are  partly doing it because you where financially challenged because it  of your last divorce.

 - - Alan I thought this was not really fair,  I do not mind it really about the £16 million I have already paid out.

  She had a price! I have just got a naughty streak.

 Eventually, we  asked the marketing people.

.

.

 live in California, is there a  massive difference between the type of humour and the like? Yes, they  are very familiar with some of my films and the Monty Python once and  Fawlty Towers.

 We are very much looking forward to coming to the  theta in May.

 Thank you very much for joining us.

 A and what a  beautiful smile you have! And now, talking of that, here is the  It is going to be wet and windy, but the positive as it is going to  be a bit milder as we go through the next few days.

 We have been  moaning about it being cold and it's no way, we will soon be  moaning about it being a wet and windy.

 There is no pleasing some  people! If you look on the pressure chart, you can see the system  moving in from the West.

 For now, you can see that system under the  cloud, but we are under the clear skies for a time.

 The temperatures  under that could get down to under the freezing mark for a time.

 The  Peak District could be below freezing.

 The temperature should  fare better into tomorrow morning.

 The rain will also push and and we  will all get a bit of a good old soaking overnight.

 Temperatures  should pep up to around three or four degrees Celsius at least.

 The  wind is pushing North East and there will be further outbreaks of  rain as we go through the day tomorrow.

 But look at these  temperatures, into double figures.

 Relevant degrees Celsius will be  about the maximum temperature.

 In to Thursday, after another downpour  on Wednesday night, the rain will clear early and it should be dry  her into the afternoon.

 On Friday, the wind will pick up and further  rain will be heading our way.

 Do not forget, we will be back with  the late news at 10:25pm.

 And you

 Nick Clegg promises a louder Lib  Dem voice in the Coalition Government.

  He warns he'll block the NHS reforms in England unless there are  "substantial changes.

" As far as Government legislation is  concerned, no bill is better than a bad one.

 And I want to get this  right.

 President Obama says Osama Bin  Laden must have had a support network inside Pakistan and calls  on its Government to find out more.

 We don't know who or what that  support network was.

 We don't know whether there might have been some  people inside of Government, people outside of Government and that's  something that we have to investigate and more importantly  the Pakistani Government has to investigate.

  More than 400 refugees from Libya are rescued after their fishing  boat hit the rocks off an Italian island.

  And, were Manchester United able it  fight off Chelsea in their crucial  Good evening.

 The Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg, has sought to  reassure Liberal Democrats that he'll give them a louder voice  inside the coalition after their bruising defeat at the polls on  Thursday.

 Mr Clegg said the party's more  assertive approach will include blocking the coalition's plans for  the NHS in England if the legislation isn't significantly  changed.

 Concern about the Government's  Health Bill prompted a pause and a period of listening launched in a  hot last month.

 But, that was before their political fortunes  turned and voters punished the junior partner at the polls.

  The coalition is now convalescing and Nick Clegg has promised a  louder Lib Dem voice in Government.

 Today he choose the Health Bill as  his battleground.

 I'm not going to ask Liberal Democrat MPs and peers  to proceed with legislation on something as precious and cherished,  particularly for Liberal Democrats, as the NHS, unless I personally am  satisfied that what these changes do is an evolutionry change in the  ngs, not a disruptive revolution -- in the NHS.

  This was the seen that greet the Lib Dems at their Spring Conference  in Sheffield and the party voted then to oppose key parts of the  Bill.

 Under the health plans, money in the NHS in England will be given  to groups of GPs to buy and plan care for their patients and there  will's be more opportunity for the private sector to provide NHS  services.

 Nick Clegg's stand will cheer his battered party.

 He does  support the thrust of the proposals but wants big changes.

 Senior  Conservatives also know that some voters remain unconvinced by the  Government's plans.

 We want to reassure people that we are not and  never have wanted to privatise the NHS.

 Woe believe in the NHS as a  public service free at the point of use.

 Hoping to tap into Lib Dem  unease over policies like health, today Labour's leader tried to lure  disyou affected Lib Dems to them the You are being led by the nose  by a Conservative Government.

 Change course on tuition fees, on  the economic policy, on the NHS.

 And what I'm saying to them is -  you should change course.

 You should have the courage of the  convictions you went before the electorate with a year ago and  frankly if I was in your position and I didn't get that change in  direction then I wouldn't stay in this Government.

  So far no Lib Dems want to take the offer, but they know their party  must make a bigger mark in Government as the coalition starts  year 2.

 And Ben is at Westminster tonight  for us.

 Strong words from Nick Clegg.

 How is it going down with  his coalition partners? Well for many months Nick Clegg has been  under pressure from his party to prove that the Liberal Democrats  have a distinct voice in Government and clearly their dreadful election  results make that task rgeent.

 Nick Clegg has to prove to lost and  potential voters they are getting something out of being in  Government with the Conservatives.

 -- makes that task urgent.

 Today he  has takeen the strong stand on the controversial Health Bill saying in  the end if the Liberal Democrats aren't happy with the package  they'll vote against it.

 He has concerns around the timing of GP  commissioning and saying he wants a guarantee it can't lead to the  privatisation of the health service.

 In truth I think these changes are  already being made behind the scenes, there is a listening  exercise a consultation happening and as George Osborne said,  Conservative Cabinet ministers agree substantial changes have to  be made but Nick Clegg has the space to Mick his case and reassure  his party.

 In -- make his case.

 Number Ten are relaxed about it.

  Long-term for the coalition it will be a tricky balance.

 Allowing  Liberal Democrats to argue their case and win concessions, will that  not rile Tory MPs who are the other half of the coalition?  President Obama says he believes that Osama Bin Laden had some  support from inside Pakistan in order to live in the country for  several years before he was killed by US forces last week.

 Speaking to  the CBS programme 60 Minutes, the President said there is still much  to learn.

 We don't know whether there might have been some people  inside of government, people outside of government and that's  something that we have to investigate and more important lit  Pakistani government has to investigate.

 We have already  communicated to them and they have indicated that they have a profound  interest in finding out what kinds of support networks Bin Laden might  have had.

 Well those comments from the President follow the release of  video footage seized from Bin Laden's compound in Abbottabad.

  Residents there are sceptical about the awe then tisivity material.

  Authenticity.

 An image the White House wants the  world to see.

 Apparently a dishevelled and much diminished  Osama Bin Laden watching himself on TV.

 The footage was released by the  Pentagon without sound.

 It's one of five videos said to have been found  at Bin Laden's compound.

 The image was front-page news in  Pakistan today but in Abbottabad where Bin Laden met his end, there  was plenty of sceptical.

 "It's all a fake, nothing happened",  says Mohammed who has been selling newspapers here for 50 years.

  Shavir says it's a case of mistaken identity.

 He claims the man in the  picture is his neighbour.

 TRANSLATION: Misname is Akbar Khan.

  He owns the house they said Osama's house.

 I know him very well.

 If the  aim was to persuade the doubters, it didn't work here.

 This picture  is not Osama.

 It is very suspicious, made by advanced technology.

 Made  by computer.

 Yes, ma'am.

 We have now spoken to more than 50 people  in the market and only one believes that the man in the video watching  television was in fact Osama Bin Laden.

 People here say the  Americans haven't proven anything, they haven't shown Bin Laden's dead  body.

 Many still don't believe that the Al-Qaeda leader was living here  or that he was killed here.

 The five videos offer only a limited  and edited picture.

 It's still unclear who helped Bin Laden.

 One  Government official here is reported to be accusing rogue or  retired members of Pakistan's own intelligence agency.

  Well, our security correspondent Gordon Corera is with me.

 We have  had the video footage released and seen the President's comments today.

  What does this all tell us about the US strategy towards this?  think a week after his death we are getting a sense of what the US  strategy is to exploit the death of Osama Bin Laden.

 On the one hand  there is the secret side, largely secret side with the exploitation  of all the intelligence gathered from the compound, the size of a  small college library an American official said today.

 What is  interesting about that, is we are being told that Bin Laden was more  than a figurehead, it is being suggested he ran a command and  Control Centre from that compound.

 If that's true there is lookly to  be real intelligence about plots and individuals which the US and  others will be following up on in the days ahead.

 The second area is,  if you like, the more public information war, what you might  call the propaganda war.

 We saw that with the release of the videos  yesterday.

 An attempt to belittle Osama Bin Laden and undermine the  myth.

 The third strategy is Pakistan, an afefrpt to use the  embarrassment of Pakistan as leaverage against them.

 You could  hear that today by the President asking questions about what  Pakistan knew.

 Hoping to get more co-operation on Afghanistan and  counter-terrorism.

 Of the three, the last one, dealing with Pakistan,  is likely to be the hardest.

 There have been more clashes  between Muslims and Christians in Cairo this evening.

 Last night 12  people were killed when mobs set fire to two churches.

 The fighting  began when Muslims accused Christians of detaining a woman who  had converted to Islam.

 The Government had said it'll stamp out  any religious violence with an iron fist.

  The post-revolutionary honeymoon is over in Egypt.

 This gathering, near  tar require square wasn't joyful, it was angry DTahir Square.

  Christians angry at an attack that gutted two of their churches.

 The  army runs Egypt now and has put a heavy security ring around the  burntout buildings.

 But where was it last night? A mob of hard-line  Salafi Muslims were able to surround the churches.

 Their  protest about a must convert, rumoured to be held against her  will, allowed to escalate with disastrous results.

 Hard questions  are being asked about the army's ability and willingness to obtain  order in a country where even fear of authority has crumbled.

 We are  waiting for them to be able to detect anybody living on Egyptian  land.

 Whether they are Egyptian or non-Egyptian, whether they are  Muslims or non-Muslims.

 Tonight Egypt's Christians are in  uproar and there will surely be counter-demonstrations by Muslims.

  The spectre of sectarian conflict now stalks this country.

  Egyptians haven't forgotten the uplifting scenes three months ago  when Muslims and Christians stood hand-in-hand against the Mubarak  regime but those memories are being steadily eroded.

 What's left is  corrosive mistrust and fear of further attacks.

 Poor foundations  on which to be building the new Egypt.

  About 500 people fleeing the fighting in Libya have narrowly  avoided drowning after their vote smashed into rocks off the coast of  Italy.

 In libyat Red Cross is struggling to get humanitarian aid  it the worst-affected areas.

 -- in Libya, the Red Cross is struggling.

  Frantic scenes early this morning on the Italian coast is.

  A small boat packed with families escaping from Libya has run aground.

  Some scramble ashore.

 Others have jumped.

  A young girl is plucked from the waves by rescue teams.

  Then another.

 These are mostly migrant workers  from other parts of Africa, who have been trapped like so many, by  the violent struggle to oust Colonel Gaddafi.

  And this is what they've fled.

 The besieged libyabian town of Misrata  has just lost its precious fuel supplies, destroyed by Gaddafi's  rockets.

 -- Libyan town.

 Inside the city, growing desperation,  hospitals packed with victims of seemingly random artillery fire.

  A trickle of outside aid is reaching the city by sea but it's  risky work with no end in sight.

 Misrata has now been in this  situation for over two months.

 We thought there might be some  resolution some time ago but still foreign nationals come to the port  wanting to be evacuated and the needs are increasing.

  This is a dangerous mission for the Red Cross.

 Colonel Gaddafi's forces  have been mining the harbour in Misrata and shelling the area, too.

  But this is the only way to break the siege of the city and bring  humanitarian aid to thousands of trapped civilians.

  From the sky, NATO forces continue to pick away at Gaddafi's heavy  weapons.

 British Tornados in action here.

  But for now, this sort of arms- length warfare seems like a recipe  for stalemate.

 Now, time to catch up with all the  day's sports news.

 Good evening.

 The match dubbed as  the Premier League title decider took place this afternoon at Old  Trafford.

 Match of the Day Two is over on BBC Two now, so if you  don't want to note result yerbgts you know what to do.

  -- yet.

 Manchester United have moved within a point of winning the  title after victory over Chelsea.

 Sir Alex Ferguson's side beat the  defending champions 2-1 so could claim a record 1th crown next  weekend.

 -- 19th crown.

 Match of the Day.

  More like match of the season.

 The Manchester United supporters knew  that if their team could beat Chelsea then the Old Trafford  stalls would soon be stocking flags saying - champions, 2011.

 Inside  the stadium one final request for divine inspiration and as any  footballer's prayer ever been answered faster? Less than 40  seconds had been played when Javier Hernandez gave United the lead.

 The  heem team really only needed a draw.

 Bsh the home team.

 But there was no  holding back.

 They were going all- out for the win and that was  looking increasingly likely when Nemanja Vidic headed them into a 2-  goal lead.

 In the second half Chelsea did manage to half the  deficit.

 Frank Lampard the scorer, but it never looked like being the  Londoners' day.

 Most of the best chances were falling to United.

 A  rub of the head, soon to be followed by a pat on the back.

  At the final whistle, scenes of fairly unrestrained jubilation.

 The  Premier League provey is surely heading back to Old Trafford.

  Champions.

 Come on! For players and supporters, they are sl brighting  as though they've already won the title and they almost have.

 -- are  celebrating.

 Manchester United need just one point from their final two  matches to confirm that 19th league crown.

 Arsenal's title chase is  over after a 3-1 defeat to Stoke at the Britannia Stadium.

 Arsene  Wenger's side needed a win to keep alive their hopes of finishing top  but were beaten by the FA Cup finalists.

 It's a result that moves  Stoke up to 7th.

 Wolves have moved out of the relegation zone.

 Two  goals from Steven Fletcher helped Mick McCarthy's side to a 3-1  victory over West bro.

 They are a point from safety with two games of  the season to play.

 -- over West Brom.

  The race for the title in Scotland looks set to go to the wire as  Celtic close the gap on Rangers at the top of the SPL as by just a  point.

 They beat Kilmarnock with goals from Scott Brown and Kris  Commons.

 Celtic and Rangers have all it play for in the final week  of the season.

 - all to play for.

 Well champion  Sebastians Vettel went from poll to the top of the podium to claim  victory at the Turkish Grand Prix.

 The Championship leader crossed the  line nine seconds ahead of his Red Bull team-mate Mark Webber as a  fascinating contest unfolded behind him.

  Sebastians Vettel had a nightmare in Turkey last year when he crashed  into team-mate Mark Webber.

 Today he was dreaming of a third win this  season and a perfect start helped make it come true as he left the  rest to fight for second place.

 Lewis Hamilton surged forward from  fourth but the McLaren driver's impatience cost him as he was  beaten back.

 COMMENTATOR: Hamilton went from the aggressor on to the  total defence and lost out.

 Formula One's bosses changed the rules for  this season to encourage more overtake.

 It certainly worked in  Istanbul.

 It wasn't happening on the track as Hamilton battled with  Felipe Massa on the pit lane.

 When Fernando Alonso overtook Mark  Webber, his hopes to be second were

 field playing bagpipes today.

  Welcome to East Midlands Today with Dominic Heale and me, Anne Davies.

  Tonight: The trial of six climate change activists collapses as an  undercover police man switches sides.

  He posed as an eco-warrior, but Mark Kennedy was leading a double  life.

 The role of any police officer in acting in appropriately,  encouraging and taking part in criminal offences, is of the  deepest concern.

 Also, why money raised for these earthquake victims  has remained unspent for a decade.

 Plus, a massive health trust  overspend prompts new fears for the future for Grantham Hospital.

  And the Derby back street that could soon be home to a Sikh War  Good evening.

 Welcome to Monday's programme.

 There has been a call  for an inquiry into undercover policing after the collapse of a  Nottingham a climate protest trial.

 Six activists have now been cleared  of trying to shut down Ratcliffe Power Station.

 The case failed  after an officer who infiltrated the protest group agreed to help  their defence lawyer.

 It has emerged that PC Mark Kennedy was  living a double life.

 Our social affairs correspondent is at  Ratcliffe power station.

 This extraordinary protest involved  a plan to break into this coal- fired power station and shut it  down for a week.

 The action was designed to stop 150,000 tonnes of  carbon emissions, but the group had an impostor.

 This is where the  illegal protest was stopped in its tracks, with a huge pre-emptive  police operation.

 Officers in riot gear arrested 114 people hearing  Nottingham as they met to discuss the power-station protest.

 Among  them, the six activists who were due to go on trial today, who also  they had not decided whether to join the protest.

 This morning, all  their charges were dropped.

 It is very clear, because of the  undercover police officer, that they would have known that I and  others were still making our minds up about taking part and that not  everybody there was signed up to taking part in the action.

 PC Mark  Kennedy boss-eyed double life was exposed by this website in  One expects there to be undercover police on serious operations to  investigate serious crime.

 This was quite the opposite.

 There have been  suggestions that Mark Steyn was organised in organising this  protest.

 How concerned a year about that? The role of any police  officer in that taking part in criminal offences is of the deepest  concern and this ought to be part of some inquiry that ought to be  conducted about Mark Steyn specifically, and police tactics  generally.

 Last week 18 other protesters were found guilty of  trying to break into the power station.

 They are expected to  appeal their convictions, citing the secret policeman who they  thought was a friend.

 I find it shocking that this is what the  police are doing.

 He was known as Flash, a flashback of cash.

 Now we  know where that money was coming from.

 He bought me a pint after I  was released from police custody and said he was gutted about it.

 It  is confusing.

 PC Kennedy was employed by the Metropolitan Police,  who did not want to comment today, but people who knew him in  Nottingham feel they have been betrayed.

 And what else do we know  about PC Mark Kennedy? He had a wife and children as a  police man, but he had been living this double live almost 10 years.

  In Nottingham as the Green activist, he had an unsuspecting girlfriend  and would explain long disappearance is by saying he was  going to visit his brother in the States.

 He was eventually  confronted last October when other activists have found documents that  revealed his true identity.

 Then he admitted he was a policeman and we  are told that he disappeared.

 Next, a BBC investigation has  revealed that money given by people to help the victims of an  earthquake still has not been spent, almost 10 years after the disaster.

  Many people in Leicester donated money after the tragedy in India,  but £140,000 remains here in a bank.

 The earthquake in Gujarat was  shocking.

 More than 20,000 people died.

 One million were made  homeless.

 The ripple effects spread to find right -- far and wide,  reaching the East Midlands.

 In the weeks after the earthquake, people  came here to Sabras Radio to donate money.

 Thousands of pounds was  collected and some of the money was spent in Gujarat.

 But to roll  forward 10 years, and a radio station still has £140,000 in  donations, which includes interest, just sitting in the bank.

 Sabras  Radio said they did not spend all of the money because they wanted to  make sure it was spent in the right way.

 I would rather stay explain to  a listener's kid, I am going to spend your money properly.

 It is  sitting in the bulk of the Nat West Bank and the 10th anniversary is  coming up and we are continuously looking to see which project we can  identify and we are, at the moment, actively looking at requests for  more money.

 The revelations about the unspent money are investigated  on the BBC programme Inside Out tonight.

 In response to its  findings, the government is urging people not to donate unless it is  to a registered charity.

 People are very concerned about their money  goes to the cause that has touched them, and that generosity reaches  the front line.

 My advice would be to try, where possible, to give  through charities that are registered and you can check their  charity number on the Charity Commission website.

 Sabras Radio is  now promising the money will be spent before the end of the year.

  As Helen said, there is more on that story on tonight's Inside Out  on BBC One at 7:30pm.

 Still plenty to come on this  programme.

 Hold on to your hats because we are heading into double  figures! You may well need to hold on to your hats because although it  is getting milder, it is getting windy and wet turf.

 Is this the  The Conservative leaders of some of this region's biggest councils have  been called up to talks with the Prime Minister.

 David Cameron had  asked for the meeting to discuss the budget pressures facing local  government.

 That meeting has broken up in the past hour, and our  Political Editor John Hess is in Downing Street for us.

 Did the  council leaders have a message for the Prime Minister?  They certainly did.

 In between their reception's small-talk, the  small - and the focus of the discussion was on the impact of  they squeezed budgets on jobs and services.

 These are some of the  local Tory leaders who have been told by the government to slash  their budgets by almost a third over the next four years.

 What has  concerned some is a push to get most of those cuts delivered over  the next year.

 We saw cuts from -- we saw Kay Cutts from  Nottinghamshire and 20 me now is David Parsons from Leicestershire  County Council.

 I gather David Cameron reiterated you that you all  in this together, but you are at the sharp end.

 A we don't mind that.

  We think we have planned well in Leicestershire.

 For those affected  by the reductions, it is not going to be easy, but the eye in the  business of helping the people of Leicestershire to get over this.

  David Cameron has reiterated the need to protect frontline services.

  Is that possible? We want to protect as many as possible, of  course.

 We need to get more efficient - councils need to get  more efficient.

 We have been working about in Leicestershire for  five years.

 How tough will it get? It is going to be tough, but we are  up to the job.

 Council leaders here have been doing a lot of small-talk  but over the next few weeks, we will start to get the small detail  of how those budget cuts are going to impact on services and jobs.

  Council grants to the Citizens Advice Bureau are one of the things  under threat.

 That could hit people who are in debt.

 1 CAB of us in the  old coalfield area of Sutton in Ashfield may be forced to issue  redundancy notices to half its workforce.

  Rescued from the nightmare of a £36,000 debt crisis.

 The Citizens  Advice Bureau is helping this coupled with a declaration of  personal bankruptcy to clear it away.

 But there is upset at  cutbacks that could scale down at the service offered to people in  money trouble in the Sutton in Ashfield area.

 I think it is  disgusting.

 If it was not for these people today, more would have been  lost.

 He would not be in - and would not have been able to do it  himself.

 Top City executive told me that opening hours could be  drastically reduced.

 Be it is all going to crumble around us and I am  really worried about the community.

 There is no word from their  Department of Business, Innovation and Skills and replacing last  year's £105,000 grant.

 There are concerns that the county council  could cut up £45,000 of funding.

 And it is feared that changes to  legal aid could scupper £32,000 a year from the Legal Services  Commission.

 Specialist debt advisers could be  among those being made redundant.

 And with debts of £15,000, this  client says cutting the service could affect a lot of people in  need.

 It is not there because you can guarantee every day that the  front of the office, where everybody comes in, his ball.

  right, Ashford District Council says it may continue its £52,000 a  year funding.

 The bureau has been looking for alternatives, including  a grand from a bank.

 -- a grant from a bank.

  Former Notts County and Lincoln City footballer Richard Butcher has  died at the age of 29.

 The midfielder, seen here playing for  County, was living in Manchester and turning out for Macclesfield  Town.

 He died at his home overnight.

 Richard Budge you will always be  remembered by Notts plans for the 12 goals he scored to keep the club  in the Football League in 2008.

 A man has been arrested after a  pedestrian was killed and Ibstock.

 And 86-year-old woman died after  being hit by a car in Ashford Road near the junction with modern road  on Friday.

 The abortive-year-old man has been released on bail and  police are keen to talk to witnesses.

  More than £400,000 of planned improvements to parks around  Leicester are expected to be put on hold.

 The council had hoped to  carry out work at Humberton, Spinney Hill, Braunstone, Western  and Victoria Park to bring them up to Green Flag status.

 A  spokesperson said it is unlikely the planned improvements will go  ahead because of financial constraints.

  Police are stepping up high- visibility patrols in the every  year where man followed a teenager into a house and sexually assaulted  her.

 The girl has been left traumatised by the attack and  police are urging anyone with information to help them catch the  man.

 Police officers have been carrying  out house-to-house inquiries in the area where the 19-year-old woman  was attached -- attacks last Thursday.

 She was followed inside a  house on that North share would Street in Nottingham by a man who  Benassi was the sexually assaulted her.

 This type of offence is  extremely where.

 We are increasing visibility of patrols.

 What I would  ask is for local people to take those safety precautions, be aware  of their surroundings.

 The 19-year- old is said to have been left  extremely traumatised by her ordeal and is being comforted by relatives.

  Police say she has managed to give a detailed description of her  attacker, and they are urging anyone who may recognise him to  come forward.

 The man is described as black, around 6 ft tall, in his  mid- to late twenties.

 He had aligned shaved through his left  eyebrow and a pattern shaved into Campaigners fear that hospital  services in Grantham could be under threat because of a multi-million  pound overspend by the trust that runs them.

  United Lincolnshire hospitals has warned all areas of spending are  under review because the trust expects to have a £14 million  deficit.

 Our Health Correspondent reports.

  Do you use the hospital? Yes.

 do you think of it? It is OK.

  word on the street is that hospitals overspend and townsfolk  worry it could mean more cuts.

 Grantham Hospital has been under  threat since the year 2000.

 It seems to be that when cuts have to  be made, it is at Grantham.

 Then the past, thousands marched through  the streets to save accident and emergency.

 The maternity unit has  been downgraded and local people fear they could be looked at again  and more services transferred to Lincoln.

 I do not have Transport,  how can I get to Lincoln? It should really be getting more investment.

  United Lincolnshire hospital's budget this year is £384 million.

  It looks like it will be £14 million overspent.

 Where will the  savings be found? There are many questions that can be asked about  where the axe will fall, but the trust said that no one was  available for interview to answer them.

  The trust says there are no guarantees for any services as lots  If there are more efficient ways of delivering services, of course it  is regrettable for anyone if they have to lose their job, but what  matters most is the services that we are getting, not howl and who  are delivering them.

 More emergencies and an over-reliance on  agency staff contributed to the overspend.

  We have been invaded in the studio.

 Sport Egan, but the FA Cup, what a  brilliant tournament that is turning out to be.

  This third round was the year the FA Cup retained its magic.

  Two of the biggest surprises this weekend came from their East  Midlands.

 Notts County are set to a fourth-round tie to either  Leicester City ought Manchester City.

  Manchester has millions did not worry Leicester.

 Premier League  second spot it did not impress the fans.

 I think 2-1 at Leicester.

  He even the most optimistic supporter was not expecting this.

  45 seconds into the game, his first goal in English football.

 How sweet.

  This was a terrific Leicester performance.

 Even an equaliser did  not throw them out of their stride.

 From the corner, it was hard's head  that got in the way.

 It was about as good as it gets from Leicester,  but the chances kept on coming.

 It was rather crawl that at  Leicester it was too-one down at half-time.

  Remember the World Cup howler from Robert Green? Heart has shown he is  prone to errors as well and Andy King it got the goal that meant the  replay.

 There was still time for another  header cleared off the line.

 I think we played as well as they  did.

 I am very happy with the performance we put out there.

 With  a little bit of luck we could have won it.

 2-2, OK.

 We are then back  to man City and we are going to do them.

 I think we played very well.

  We have nothing to lose.

 We will go to man City and try to perform the  same as today.

 If they can win in Manchester, a trip against Notts  County beckons.

 If we should go through, it not scanty, very nice,  very good.

 The replay is tomorrow.

 Notts county await the winners of  that replay after their magnificent win at Sunderland.

 It is time for  the Tactics Truck, today it has a It is a slightly different Tactics  Truck today because it is all about this - the tactics bunker.

 Let's  have a word with Michael Johnson he was at the stadium for that  magnificent win.

 It was a great win for the club and players and fans.

  We are looking forward to hosting the winners.

 It was a very early  goal.

 You could sense from the first minute that we were hungry  for this.

 A great ball in.

 Let's have a look again.

 It is this  moment now, Lee Hughes, was that a foul? No.

 For me, the keeper had a  punch there and we took a great start.

 Lee Hughes with a  spectacular finish.

 He has been doing this for his career.

 You  think he is going to finish and you think the opportunity has gone, but  look at that, a great finish.

 We are on the bench looking at who is  in the box, but nobody would have thought he could squeeze it in from  such an angle.

 Should Ricky have made that tackle? He did not need  to.

 He could have ushered him alt, but he was devastated.

 2-1 it  finished, it could be Leicester City in the next round.

 How ironic  that would be.

 We do look forward to that? It would be brilliant to  welcome the team, but it is a On to the rest of the action,  Nottingham Forest have earned a when the ball 4th round trip to  West Ham.

 They did it by coming from a goal down at Preston whose  new manager started watching the clock before half-time.

 Paul  Anderson equalise after the restart before Luke Chambers sent Forest  through with only a minute left.

 Lincoln are out after their long  awaited a replay it turned into a seven-goal thriller with the  visitors delivering the killer goals.

  Derby County face a trip to Torquay if they get through tonight's tie  against Crawley Town.

 Crawley are the big spenders after embarking on  project promotion.

 We were banned from going in the  ground in fear of me winding their players up.

 I am not going to wind  them up, I have massive respect for them.

 They are a good team.

 It is  going to be a difficult game and if we are not on form, we will get  we are not on form, we will get beat.

 You can find out more on BBC  beat.

 You can find out more on BBC Radio Derby.

  On to rugby, on a weekend packed with thrilling performances,  Leicester Tigers refused to be out done.

  Tigers recovered from conceding an early tide.

 10 minutes in,  determine work set the platform.

 It was never comfortable, but in  hindsight to this was the killer moment.

 A quick ball from Ben Young  and Marcus Ayerza's try.

 Geordan Murphy is out with a  suspected dislocated ankle.

 We will know more about that tomorrow.

  Nottingham victory over Bristol was the 5th in a row.

  In ice hockey, Nottingham Panthers ambitions have taken blows after a  penalty shots defeat at home on Friday.

 They welcomed Cardiff  Devils on Saturday hoping to beat the Welsh winning streak.

 A  heartbreaking finish saw Cardiff with a man in the sin bin it scored  a breathtaking goal to grab the win with a few minutes left.

  Stay tuned for the result of that game and hopefully we will have all  of our teams through.

 10:25pm, we will be there.

  An industrial estate in the East Midlands is not the first location  you might think of for a war memorial, yet that is where one  could be built.

 It will commemorate Sikhs who serve  the British Empire.

 A project is now under way to get planning  permission for the memorial.

 In Normanton in Derby, members of  the Sikh community examine plans for a war memorial.

 Standing  between a Sikh temple and their National Sikh Heritage Centre  centre, the it structure will stand 25 ft high and 43 ft wide.

 The  location will be a challenge for the firm who hope to build it.

  first issue it is to source the right type of stone to fit into the  memorial.

 That might mean sourcing stone from other parts of the world  because all of the elements have to fit the Sikh culture and values.

  The memorial will complement the National Heritage centre and  commemorate Sikhs who died in historic conflicts as well as their  83,000 who died in the first and second world war's fighting for the  British.

 Thousands more served and survived.

 So much Sikh War  memorabilia is in Britain, it made sense for the memorial to be here  too.

 There are more items of seek heritage in England and India.

  Derby is on the sea club of the world.

 We get visitors from all  over the world so when they visit their museum, the memorial will be  another feature.

 It is yet to seek planning permission which is hoped  will be granted this year.

 Then the structure will be built from  donations from the Sikh community worldwide.

  A memorial for the Sikhs who served.

 It is beautiful.

  I do not know if the weather is beautiful, but I must add my it it  is a starring role from our floor manager.

 Did you like that? She  manager.

 Did you like that? She wanted me to take the umbrella out  of the way.

 Yes, it is set to get much wetter even though the  temperatures are steadily climbing as we go through the next few days.

  Wet and windy for tonight and you will struggle to keep your umbrella  up in that rain.

 Don't forget to send your weather photos.

 We would  love to see some shots you have taken.

  We can see this great system of reign over us at the moment and  will continue to work its way from west to east during the night.

 We  can see that massive cloud covering the whole of the UK and from that  cloud, a fair amount of rain.

 The only plus side is that the  temperatures will be on the mild side.

 Temperatures dipping down to  five Celsius.

 That is held by the wind, cloud and rain.

 That rain  will clear quite quickly in the early part of tomorrow.

 We are left  with a decent day.

 Dry, bright, sunny spells developing into the  afternoon.

 The breeze will ease off through the day.

 Temperature Wise,  six Celsius as your maximum.

 That is what we expect for the time of  year, however we are set to do better.

 After Tuesday night's rain,  it should clear on Wednesday.

 Wednesday will be dry and bright.

  The trend generally is that although we should see temperatures  of six Celsius, they will steadily climb and by the middle of the week,  climb and by the middle of the week,

 Over £1 million.

 £1 million.

  Thousands missing, feared dead, as the scale of Japan's devastating  earthquake becomes clear.

 Up to 10,000 are unaccounted for from  this town alone after it was destroyed by the tsunami.

  A powerful explosion rocks a nuclear power plant damaged in the  quake.

 Officials call for calm.

 An unstoppable force.

 New pictures  emerge of the moment the tsunami swept through towns and cities.

  A huge rescue effort is under way across the northeast searching for  survivors.

 In Libya, Gaddafi's forces take  back a key oil town as the Arab Good evening.

 10,000 people, that's  half the population, are tonight reported to be missing from just  one small town in the devastated coastal region of northeast Japan,  after the tsunami which followed yesterday's earthquake.

 It is not  clear what the final death toll will be.

 50,000 Japanese military  personnel have joined a huge rescue and relief operation that's now  under way.

 Earlier, the Japanese government played down concern  about a big explosion at a nuclear power plant which led to the  evacuation of 140,000 people.

 Officials insist the blast at the  Fukushima site didn't damage the inner steel container housing the  reactor, and that radiation levels are now falling.

 The BBC's Damian  Grammaticas has reached the area close to the epicentre of the  earthquake, the port town of Sendai, from where he sent this report.

  We drove into Sendai in the darkness.

 Littering the roads, cars  tossed aside like toys.

 These street lights are off, electricity,  water and gas in short supply.

 Swept aside by the tsunami, mangled  trucks.

 Trees lining the streets are now covered with flotsam from  the waves.

 Another track has been dumped on power cables.

 As we head  down towards the sea, the destruction just gets worse and  worse.

 This is the road, as the waves were treated they dump vast  quantities of debris here.

 Despite the alerts that sounded, many did  not get out in time.

 And fires burn in the night.

 It is all like this  around the port.

 You can see over here, the van and the track behind  it, an articulated lorry behind it.

 Down here, we have a van in there.

.

.

  But we had to move.

 We have just been filming down this area by the  port and we had just been told by the driver we have got to move out.

  The sirens have gone off again.

 There is a hooting sound and they  say that is another alert.

 A sign of how much everyone is on the edge  here.

 Really, really nervous about another tsunami.

 And this is why.

  Up the coast was the town of Minamisanriku, a sizable place, up  to 17 and a half 1,000 people.

 This is how it looks now.

 It is as if  Minamisanriku has been wiped from the face of the Earth.

 The only  building left standing is the hospital.

 Some reports say 10,000,  may be missing here.

 When you see the destructive power unleashed by  the undersea earthquake, you can This is new footage just released  today.

 It is of the moment the tsunami hit Kesennuma.

 Another town  on the same stretch of coastline.

 Whole buildings swept down the  And this is how Sendai looks by daytime, a giant petrochemical  complex spews smoke into the sky.

 Sendai was the closest to the to  the epicentre of the earthquake, so its citizens had little warning of  the wall of water which was coming.

 This used to be farmland.

 Whole  villages stood here.

 200 bodies are said to be found on the shore.

 It's  hard to believe there won't be many more.

  Earlier I spoke to Damian Grammaticus in Sendai just as they  had received another tsunami warning.

 What we have done is moved  further inland to somewhere safer, but this is a city of a million  people, Sendai.

 The centre is, as far as we can tell, pretty much  unscathed, but there is not much power, he too.

 It is cold.

 It's  when you go down to the seaside, though, down there, where there is  devastation in all the roads we went down there.

 And all of those  areas have been really badly affected.

 Also, in the distance  back there, still the petrochemical plant a blaze, lighting the night  sky.

 And we met a man a few moments ago he was riding around in the  middle of the night looking for his son, who was evacuated from his  school today, and he doesn't know where he is.

 So the situation here,  really, still confusion, uncertainty and, above all, fear  about more tsunamis.

 Along the northeast coast, rescue  workers searched through the rubble of buildings, cars and boats,  looking for survivors.

 Rupert Wingfield-Hayes reports from Tokyo  on the day's developments.

 Right along the north eastern  seaboard of Japan, the extent of the devastation from Friday's  earthquake and tsunami is now starting to become clear.

 Much of  the coastline has been turned into a muddy debris covered wasteland.

  Japan prides itself on being better prepared for earthquakes than any  other country in the world.

 But even for Japan, this was on a  completely different scale.

 In fact, no one alive in Japan today has  ever felt a tremor as big as Friday.

 TRANSLATION: I thought I was going  to die.

 I saw a woman fall in front of me and there were aftershocks  all night.

 Each time, we were scared.

 My home it is in  Minamisanriku, and I have had people I cannot contact.

 There are  reports of a leak.

 I'm concerned about their safety.

  But the vast majority of this devastation was not caused by the  shaking ground.

 But by the huge wave which followed in its wake.

  Today, more and more video has begun to emerge showing the  terrifying power of the water as it surged into towns along the  coastline.

 Bulldozing everything before it.

 And it was the water  that was the real killer.

 Pure in Tokyo, the streets tonight have  been eerily quiet.

 There is a real sense of shock and disbelief at  what has happened to the country.

 People here are used to earthquakes.

  But all the preparations in the world could do nothing to prevent  the devastation from such a massive tsunami.

  Scientists are now monitoring radiation levels around the  Fukushima site and pumping seawater into the plant to cool the nuclear  reactor down.

 Officials say 160 people may have been exposed to  radiation.

 Our Science Correspondent Pallab Ghosh has more.

  Pressure builds inside one of the power stations reactors.

 So  engineers then to steam into the air.

 Then, a massive explosion.

 The  out to stretch of one of the four buildings at the plant has  collapsed, injuring four workers.

 Although the building has gone, the  structure containing the reactor core has not been damaged.

  According to the Japanese authorities.

  TRANSLATION: This explosion is not related to the reactor container,  therefore there is no possibility radioactivity could be lead in a  substantial manner.

 The radiation in the area was probably from the  steam released just before the explosion.

 It has been at  relatively low level since then.

 Latest reports say they are  dropping.

 At the moment, there has been a small amount of  radioactivity coming out with the steam.

 As long as they don't lose  the cooling, that will be the case.

 There will not be a public health  hazard.

 What seems to have happened is the cooling system failed.

  Inside, boiling water circulating in the reactor turned to steam,  which increased the pressure inside.

 It is thought the casing around the  fuel rods might have been damaged and allowed radioactive material to  come into contact with the water.

 That turned some of the water into  hydrogen.

 Engineers then to be gas to relieve pressure but the  hydrogen exploded.

 The fuel rods are still eating react and building  up pressure.

 Engineers are now trying to cool it down by flooding  it with sea water.

 10 of these 11 plants operating without any  significant problem that all but the one which did other problems,  we have seen, my instincts are this will have been managed with a real  but minimal amount of radioactivity released, which will soon be gone.

  But there are now report another reactor in the same site has lost  its emergency cooling system.

 So far, 140,000 people have been  evacuated.

 The incident will have shaken confidence in the safety of  nuclear power stations which are supposed to the earthquake proof.

  To other news now.

 The Arab League has today called on the UN to  impose a no-fly zone over Libya.

 A move welcomed by the United States  and British governments tonight.

 The Arab League have also decided  to open contacts and cooperate with the Libyan rebel council based in  Benghazi.

 The decision comes in the wake of further advances by forces  loyal to Colonel Gaddafi.

 Earlier this week, the town of Zawiya, 30  miles west of Tripoli, was retaken by pro-Gaddafi forces.

 And today in  the northern oil town of Ras Lanuf, rebel forces have been forced back  after days of fierce fighting.

 We can now join Jon Leyne in Benghazi.

  How significant is this move by the Arab League? Well, obviously it  will be hugely welcomed by the opposition here.

 It seems Colonel  Gaddafi has made one too many enemies over the years among Arab  leaders.

 The important thing is it will provide reassurance to those  Western countries and governments nervous that by imposing a no-fly  zone they might come into conflict with Arab opinion.

 This has  reassured them the full Arab governments want.

 We will have to  see whether this builds pressure on the UN for this no-fly zone to be  imposed.

 That is something the opposition would like as soon as  possible, bearing in mind those military setbacks they are  suffering.

 We are hearing reports that a TV cameraman has been killed  in the conflict.

 What can you tell us? Yes, this was a team from Al-  Jazeera at Channel.

 They were driving a car not far outside  Benghazi.

 Well inside opposition controlled territory.

 They were  followed by another car which then opened fire on them, killing the  camera man and injuring another.

 The fear is this was supporters of  Colonel Gaddafi unhappy with their reporting of this crisis.

 John,  from Benghazi, thank you.

 Plans for a major reorganisation of  the NHS in England have been rejected as damaging and  unjustified by Liberal Democrats in a vote at the party's spring  conference in Sheffield.

 It has taken place in the face of protests  against government cuts outside the Conference.

  Liberal Democrats have been told by their leader to get used to this  kind of thing now they are in power.

 Defend the NHS.

 Attacks by those  outside, Nick Clegg also faced criticism from his own ranks.

  Activists lined up to voice concern about government plans to put GPs  in charge of NHS Budgett in England.

 There will also be more private  competition for providing care.

 Nothing I am trying to do about  health is intended to weaken Nick and his fellow ministers and the  coalition.

 But this is not the moment to embark upon a  reorganisation of the most trusted public service in the whole of the  United Kingdom.

 The Lib Dems argued this was not in the coalition  agreement.

 And voted to limit the role of the private sector in the  NHS.

 We want to see this Bill changed radically.

 We want to see  the policy change and we are not going to associate ourselves with  the redox vocation of the Tory brand.

 Nick Clegg tried to reassure  without committing yourself to his party's new position.

 I am in  favour of reform.

 We always have been.

 Yes, to reform of the NHS but  no, no to the privatisation of the NHS.

 Activists want Lib Dem MPs to  go back to Parliament to take a stand on this issue.

 It is one of  Nick Clegg can't ignore and there are likely to be changed to the  health bill but equally he doesn't want us to become a huge battle  with the Conservatives.

 The First Minister of Scotland and  leader of the Scottish National Party Alex Salmond has vowed to  keep university education free for Scottish students if his party wins  the Holyrood election in May.

 His pledge, which was made at the SNP  conference in Glasgow, comes after the UK government backed a large  rise in university tuition fees in England.

 When it comes to the  question of university fees, graduate taxes, I know where I  stand.

 The rocks will melt with the sun before I allowed tuition fees  to be imposed on Scottish students up front or back door.

  Now, with a look at the day's sport, here's Olly Foster.

 Thank you very  much indeed.

 Hello there.

 It's been an awful couple of weeks  for Arsenal.

 First the League Cup, then Europe, now they are out of  the FA Cup as well, beaten by Manchester United 2-0 in today's  quarter-final at Old Trafford.

 Here's Kevin Gearey.

  Two Giants of the English game with different perspectives on the FA  Cup.

 Arsenal, Trophy last for six years, as strong as they could be.

  United, depleted by injury and a European encounter.

 They started  with obvious intent and United struck first with a goal fashioned  by the boys from Brazil.

 Raphael started the move and when Hernandez  was denied, Fabio was there to finish.

 Arsenal, though, looked  likely to level and almost did through a Robin Van Persie who are  stopped by fingertips.

 And then through Nazari.

 A similar pattern  at the start of the second half.

 Edwin Van der Sar preserving  United's advantage.

 Wayne Rooney poached a second.

 If that should  have made United comfortable, it didn't.

 Repeatedly, they were  indebted to goalkeeping heroics.

 But it was United's victory.

  Arsenal, out of three competitions in just two weeks.

  Bolton Wanderers are also through to the semi-finals after beating  Birmingham City at St Andrews.

 City came from behind twice, Kevin  Phillips made it 2-2 late on and that looked to have forced a replay.

  But Bolton got a last-minute winner when substitute Lee Chung-yon  headed them into tomorrow's semi- final draw.

  There were also two Scottish Cup quarter-finals today, and both  ended in draws.

 Second Division Brechin City against Premier League  St Johnstone was 2-2.

 And Aberdeen also forced a replay, when Rory  McArdle scrambled an equaliser deep into injury time at St Mirren.

 1-1  the final score there.

 There were two matches in Rugby  Union's Six Nations Championship.

 Italy stunned France in Rome and  Wales can still challenge for the title after overcoming Ireland in  Cardiff, but only thanks to a try that should have been disallowed.

  Joe Wilson reports.

 Ireland left Cardiff beaten and  better.

 It started so well.

 A Brian O'Driscoll scoring after two  minutes.

 The decisive try from Wales took everyone by surprise.

  Phillips of the issue of the move after a quickly-taken line-out.

 TV  pictures showed Wales had used a new ball provided by the ball boy,  not the one which had been kicked from the pitch.

 That's against the  rules.

 The officials did not spot it.

 Ireland could not break through  at the end.

 19-13, Wales.

 Now, Italy's usual role is to be gallant  losers but today they seem to be played it perfectly once again.

  This try left France 12 points ahead with 30 minutes to play.

 But,  French negligence along with fierce Battalion resilience brought about  something stunning.

 The lead was soon just two points and Italy had  This cake, straight and true.

 --

 The Prime Minister insists there's  no question of an invasion or occupation of Libya.

 His comments  come as rebels in the besieged city of Misurata come under heavy attack  from Colonel Gaddafi's forces.

 Parts of the fire damaged M1 into  London may not re-open in time for tomorrow's rush hour.

  And thousands of fun runners join  top athletes for a record breaking  Good afternoon.

 The Prime Minister has insisted there will be no  occupation or invasion of Libya, in accordance with the UN Security  Council resolution.

 David Cameron admitted the terms of mandate  restricted the coalition's ability to protect civilians.

 Opponents of  Colonel Gaddafi say shelling by his forces, in Misurata, has killed six  people and wounded dozens more.

 There have been reports of rocket  attacks atage dauba in the east.

 -- from Ajdabiya in the east.

  Injured fighters are treated in hospital in Benghazi.

 Colonel  Gaddafi's forces have them outgunned.

 The rebels know it, but  fight any way.

 Every day there are new wounded from the frontlines.

  Doctors here are pleading for more help.

 Some doctors went already to  Misurata to her their brothers there.

 We are still, I cannot say  at crisis, but we are in deficit.

 We need more help, medical doctors,  we want more help about medical equipment.

 This was the funeral of  for a 20-year-old.

 His family say proudly that he stood his ground as  the regime's fighters advanced on Ajdabiya last weekend.

 But today  rebels there were forced to retreat again, after coming under heavy  rocket fire.

 They had managed to push forward yesterday to the  outskirts of Brega, a strategic oil town, but their advance was short  lived, as it usually is.

 In the besieged western city of Misurata,  the rebels are pushing forward into Gaddafi-controlled neighbourhoods.

  They lack training and even uniforms, but they are fighting on  home turf, trying to defend the streets where they live.

 With a  rising death toll and a growing humanitarian crisis in Misurata,  leaders have appealed again for outside help.

 David Cameron said  today he believed Colonel Gaddafi was still intent on murdering  people in Misurata.

 But he ruled out going beyond the United Nations  mandate to send British troops.

 The Deputy Prime Minister, Nick  Clegg says there is a lot of mud slinging going on in the run up to  the referendum on the alverntive voting system.

 This came after  former Liberal Democrat leader, Paddy Ashdown, accused the  Conservatives of scaremongering over the vote.

 David Cameron  insisted the current system is the best and fairest for the country.

  They may stand side by side in Government, but David Cameron and  Nick Clegg are on opposite sides of the argument when it comes to the  alternative vote and things are getting a little tense.

 The yes  campaign has been angered at the suggestion, from the Chancellor,  that their main backer would benefit financially from the change.

  George Osborne was talking about the Electoral Reform Society and a  commercial spinnoff.

 He told a newspaper, "That stinks, frankly".

  This is a far fairer system.

 If we can get the argument back to that  and away from, I think the really dreadful scaremongering we've seen,  of which George Osborne's comments were one example.

 The point George  Osborne made that the Electoral Reform Society has a big funder,  it's a funder of the yes campaign, but it has an organisation that  could make money out of it.

 That's a fact.

 There's nothing wrong with  bringing that fact out.

 The no vam -- campaigners have targeted Nick  Clegg heavily and in particular the fact this he once described AV as a  miserable little compromise.

 There's a lot of mud slinging going  on.

 There's a lot of far-fetched claims being made.

 At the end of  the day, what people really want is just to kind of, remember why wer  having the referendum.

 Because after the expenses scandals, people  want change, they want the system cleaned up.

 Whatever happens on May  5, both men have said the coalition between the Conservatives and Lib  Dems will continue, though their parties may begin to grumble.

  Parts of the M1 motorway in North London may not re-open until  tomorrow.

 The major road was damaged by a scrap yard fire under  the carriageway on Friday.

 The Government says there's to be a  review of the siting of scrapyards under role and rail bridges.

  It's been a frustrating weekend for drivers relying on one of the  country's busiest stretches of motorway and still the M1 is  partially closed.

 This is why, the damage caused by a fire on Friday,  under an elevated section of the road.

 It's left parts of the bridge  charred, pieces of concrete crumbling away.

 The fire broke out  in a scrapyard under the bridge.

 At one point there were concerned  about gas cylinders at the site and ministers now accept they need to  look again at what kinds of activities are allowed underneath  major traffic arteries.

 Scrapyards tend to be in place where's they're  licensed, away from the public.

 I don't know how many there are  around the country.

 We are investigating that.

 We will look at  it.

 This evening, die versions are still in place.

 It's not clear how  much of this section of motorway will be back in service for  tomorrow's rush hour.

 Traffic is now flowing northbound, but parts  of this bridge have been so badly damaged, that engineers are putting  in temporary supports to make sure it can take the full weight of  traffic, when all lanes are eventually re-opened.

 That could  take several days, but the Highways Agency says it hopes to have at  least one southbound lane open by the early hours of tomorrow morning.

  Football and Stoke City are through to their first ever FA Cup final  after thrashing Bolton Wanderers 5- 0 at Wembley.

 They meet Manchester  City in the final.

 Unfancied, unfashionable, but so  far unbeatable.

 Bolton and Stoke have been the surprise packages of  this FA Cup, a tight tense encounter seemed guaranteed.

 How  wrong we were.

 Stoke simply steam rolled it.

  They went ahead through Matthew E therington.

 What followed almost  defied belief.

 Robert Heath added a second with the help of  questionable goal keeping.

 By the  time that Ken win Jones slotted  home, Stoke were 3 off 0 -- 3-0 up.

 After the break, defeat turned into  a rout.

 Two goals from John Walters  completing a shocking day for Bolton and a stunning one for Stoke,  their first ever FA Cup final reached in the most crushing way  possible.

 Celtic have beaten Aberdeen to  reach the final of the Scottish Cup.

 Aberdeen played most of the game  with ten men.

 Celtic ran away with the match in second half, winning  4-0.

 They play Motherwell in the final.

 Lewis Hamilton took the  chequered flag at the Chinese Grand Prix.

 He overtook Sebastien Vettel  with four laps to go, in spite of making one more pit stop than the  German.

 Red Bull's Mark Webber was third and Jenson Button was fourth.

  A new record was set for the London Marathon today, when the Kenyan  runner, Emmanuel Mutai, finished the course in just over two hours  four minutes.

 He was followed by tens of thousands of amateurs, who  are expected to have raised  millions of pounds for charity.

  The 2011 Virgin London Marathon on its way.

 36,500 London runners set  off on the London Marathon.

 Amongst the elite runners, the Kenyans  dominated.

 Aged just 26, Emmanuel Mutai won the men's race in 2.

04.

40.

  He raises his arms and smashes the course record.

 Shaving an  astonishing 30 seconds off the previous course best.

 David Weir,  head down, going for victory.

 it was Britain's David Weir who  powered through to win the elite men's wheelchair race for a record  fifth time.

 It's been a morning of record-  breaking for the professionals.

 It's been no less of an achievement  for the 36,000 or so amateurs who've made it to the finishing  line on the Mall, many of whom have run through injury, exhaustion and  at times an uncomfortably hot day.

 Among them was PC David Rathband,  blinded last year by gunman Raol Moat.

 It's those running for  charity and fun that organisers say

 from us.

 Have a goods evening.

 Bye  Welcome to Reporting Scotland.

 Tonight on your national news: The  rising cost of living.

 But is the increase in inflation hitting Scots  families hardest? A happy and healthy start in life.

  New advice on diet for both mother and baby.

  100 years after Sir Ernest Shackleton's polar adventure, the  whisky he left behind arrives back in Scotland.

  The lost Renaissance masterpiece that's been recreated on a ceiling  at Stirling Castle.

 And, Murray's on the march.

 Andy  makes a strong start at the Australian Open, and it's left him  The rise in inflation is hitting Scotland harder than the rest of  the UK, according to some economists.

 Surging fuel and food  prices are being blamed for the increase, two factors which are  even more pronounced north of the border.

 It's prompted renewed  demands for the government to act to curtail prices at the pumps.

  Lisa Summers reports.

 It is all going up, a rise in food  prices, in fuel costs, and gas, and electricity bills, all of them  squeezing the family purse.

 We met Iain Miller six months ago, he was  setting up a photography business after being made redundant from the  Royal Mail.

 It has gone up again.

 Now they have more worries than  ever about how they will cope as the cost of living goes up.

 I a lot  of my work I have to go to the Clyde, so we have fuelled which we  have to budget into the job.

 All of my costs are going up but it is  difficult to pass these on to the customer.

 You do notice it with  food, with a weekly shop, you come home and you think, how has that  gone up? It is a gloomy picture across the UK but in Scotland we  are going to be hit with a double whammy because of the country's  geography which means the cost of fuel and food is going to go up  even more.

 It is a small community based economy dependent on fuel.

  You have to take into account wage and employment, we have 50% public  sector employment, which is the difficulty we face.

 The F -- he  wants Westminster to take immediate action on fuel costs.

 We are paying  the highest tax on a litre of fuel than anywhere in the UK, people are  struggling going to work with the price of fuel.

 There are big  distances in the Highlands.

 Government says they are committed  to helping to cut fuel costs in rural areas but it needs the  European Commission's approval.

 The choices -- there are store up --  stark choices to be made about how we spend our money.

  It seems price rises are not being mirrored in the housing market.

  Surveyors in Scotland have reported to their trade body, sales were hit  by the recent bad weather.

 Prices have also been falling over the  past three months, though the rate of decline was slower than across  the UK.

 Plans are underway to introduce a  minimum price for alcohol in England, just months after MSPs  rejected proposals to introduce pricing controls in Scotland.

 The  SNP have accused the coalition parties, the Tories and Lib Dems,  of hypocrisy, saying they blocked minimum pricing at Holyrood, and  are now supporting it at Westminster.

 But they insist the  two schemes are completely different.

  Today, in London, it is not minimum unit pricing, but it can be a  measure week applied across the UK.

 The SNP is talking complete  nonsense.

 And don't understand a difference between blanket minimum  pricing they propose which is probably illegal and would penalise  ordinary as was will moderate drinkers, and the ban on the low-  cost selling by the UK Government which would prevent retailers  heavily discounting alcohol.

 Let's speak to our Westminster  correspondent David Porter.

 How different are the coalition's plans  to what the Tories and Lib Dems had opposed in Scotland? Both the  Government in Edinburgh and the one in Westminster are tried to tackle  a common problem, the excessive and irresponsible consumption of  alcohol.

 They are doing it in slightly different ways.

 But at the  end of the day it would result in the price of alcohol going up, a  minimum price.

 The Scottish Government wants to have a minimum  45 pence per unit of alcohol.

 The Scottish Parliament decided last  year it did not agree with that, what's being proposed in  Westminster is something called a ban on the low cost alcohol, that  is defined as the duty rate on the alcohol plus VAT.

 Supermarkets were  not be able to have lost leading alcohol.

 A can of lager would go up  to 38p, a bottle of liquor, £10.

70.

 At the end of the day, in both  cases, it would mean there would be a minimum price for alcohol and the  price of alcohol would go up.

 The Government at Westminster don't  know if they have to get legislation to get this through,  they may already have the powers.

 The Home Office is looking into  that.

 We could have a situation where there is a minimum price for  alcohol here in England, but not in Scotland.

 You're watching Reporting  Scotland from the BBC.

 Still to come before 7pm: The next frontier  in the renewables revolution.

 How to store green energy.

  Little did these Scottish schoolboys know when they answered  an advert that they would be walking on the red carpet at a  glittering film premiere.

 Miller says no to Birmingham and  will head to Turkey for talks on his future.

 Andy Murray looks  secure it in the short term as he breezes through the first round of  the Australian Open.

 If New advice is being issued to  parents about how they should feed their baby.

 Research released last  week questioned the official advice to only breastfeed children in the  first six months.

 But a new strategy from the Scottish  government reaffirms the importance of breastfeeding, as well as giving  further advice on eating habits before, during and after birth.

  Here's our health correspondent Eleanor Bradford.

  Learning read them as part of a class run by the National Youth  Choir of Scotland.

 The idea is babies appreciate music at a very  early age.

 Even in fact before they are born.

 The same goes for food.

  In past years, Government advice about feeding baby has focused on  breast versus the bottle but this time there is a new approach.

  are put in breast feeding within a wider context, maternal and infant  nutrition, there is a lot more we can do.

 The advice covers from  before conception when many women are deficient in vitamins, through  breast-feeding which should be done as long as possible, right through  to winning when parents are told not to reduce lumpy food too late.

  Scientific advice is constantly changing.

 Last week experts were  urging parents to read before the recommended age of six months.

 So,  our parents being bombarded? think first time around you feel  bombarded because it is coming at you from all angles.

 Certainly,  with the second child, you a lot more confident.

 Her I work on a  need-to-know basis.

 It is a bit too prescriptive really.

 They give you  so much information and it makes you feel like you're going to do  something terribly wrong.

 Breast is still best of course and  today new advertising campaign reinforces that message.

 But good  nutrition now goes much further.

 Edinburgh Airport has curtailed its  expansion plans, saying there's no need to consider a second runway  for another 20 years.

 It previously expected to reach 13 million  passengers a year by 2013.

 But in a new long-term plan, it now expects  to reach that number more than seven years later.

 The airport is  blaming the economic downturn and changing travel patterns.

  It's the next frontier in renewable energy.

 Not how to generate the  power, but how to store it.

 Today, a new centre focussing on fuel  storage technology was opened by the First Minister in Fife.

 As our  environment correspondent David Miller reports, it's all part of  Scotland's effort to put itself at the forefront of the green  revolution.

 They say it is the power of the  future, this turbine, one of 140 at Europe's biggest wind fine, south  of Glasgow, and capable of powering 180,000 homes.

 Scotland has an  abundance of renewable energy.

 The challenge is to find new ways of  storing that energy so that we can use it to generate electricity when  we need it most.

 Even if the winds are not blowing.

 That's the  challenge facing scientists and engineers here at the Energy Park  where the focus will be on converting surplus electricity into  hydrogen.

 Renewable energy is one of those using it or lose it  resources.

 If you cannot use it, you effectively lose it.

 What we  can do with energy storage technology is to bank that while we  have it and store energy in the form of hydrogen in large  quantities for long periods which has the advantage.

 Once you have  hydrogen, you can use that for a wide range of different  applications will stop here is how hydrogen storage works, electricity  is passed through water to create hydrogen.

 The gas can be stored  until needed to power fuel cells which generate electricity when we  need it most in our homes and businesses.

 The potential for  Scotland as a country is enormous, the potential to help every  household and firm with electricity and energy bills is also enormous,  a great technology to be in and it shows again Scotland at the cutting  edge of developments.

 But these are early days, and major challenges  lie ahead for our scientists and engineers in the race to develop  this technology.

 Some of the other stories across Scotland this  Tuesday: Police are not treating the death of a woman near Barrhead  as suspicious, following a post mortem examination.

 The body of  Isabel Boyd, 45, was found by a reservoir yesterday morning.

 The  post mortem revealed signs of hypothermia.

  A 61-year-old Aberdeen businesswoman, extradited to Italy  and convicted of armed robbery and counterfeiting, has been released  MPs and MSPs fighting to safeguard the future of RAF Leuchars have met  with the Armed Forces minister Nick Harvey.

 Local Lib Dem MSP Iain  Smith, MP Menzies Campbell and Scottish Lib Dem leader Tavish  Scott say they made the case for the base's strategic importance as  well as its role in the Fife economy.

  Shell says it has no imminent plans to resume production from its four  Brent platforms, after a 55-tonne fender fell off into the sea.

 The  incident led to the evacuation of all but essential personnel from  When the explorer Ernest Shackleton went on his Antarctic expedition in  1907, among the supplies he took with him were several crates of  whisky.

 Much of it has remained there, frozen in ice, for more than  1000 years.

 -- 100 years.

 But now some of the bottles have been  brought back to Scotland, where the distillers who made it want to see  what they can learn from their whisky making ancestors.

  A unique homecoming.

 Bottled in the early years of the last century.

  is beautiful, it is telling you it is not contaminated which is very  important.

 You can also see it has not had any problems, this whisky  has been kept stable for these number of years.

 When he tasted  this it was a great honour for him as it is for me.

 Just over 100  years ago, Sir Ernest Shackleton was fortified by a these cases of  whisky in his bid to reach the South Pole.

 Last year, five were  retrieved from the hut, kept chilled in New Zealand, there has  been long negotiation before some were released for testing in  Scotland.

 You're not allowed to take liquid  on commercial flight, and the fragility of this whisky was such  it needed VIP treatment on a private jet of an Indian  billionaire.

 It is a fabulous story.

 Ernest Shackleton is considered a  hero, a great British extra or -- Explorer.

 To worse, it might be a  huge marketing opportunity.

 Handled carefully at the distillery, there  are secrets in these bottles which could mean that distilling history.

  It has remarkable potential to recreate a start of whisky which  has been lost.

 You can look at recipe books, the ingredients, but  we have little record of exactly what it tasted like.

 It will take a  few weeks to test and if an Edwardian whisky is to be recreated,  it will take a bit more mature in before this 21st century Scotch can  Fascinating.

 An award-winning film about gang violence in 1970s  Glasgow receives its UK premiere in the city tonight.

 Neds has already  won the top award at the San Sebastian film festival, although  it's been overlooked by the jury for this year's BAFTAs.

 Our arts  correspondent Pauline McLean is on the red carpet tonight.

  This is Peter Muller and's first film been almost a decade as a  director.

 It has already been seen in Toronto, in London and in San  Sebastian.

 It won Best Film and Best actor there for its young  teenage star, who was pulled out of 350 young people applied for parts  and the film.

 Little did they know when the other actors in the film,  all 50 of them, replied to that advert that was run in Scottish  papers but tonight they would be Set in the 1970s, Neds is the story  of a young boy dragged into a spiral of gang violence.

 It is a  personal story for the film-maker, he came from a similar background.

  A lot of people in my generation put on rose-tinted spectacles and  said, you didn't see that in our day.

 But that is definitely not the  The young cast is largely untrained, selected in open auditions after  adverts in Scottish newspapers.

 Their adrenalin fuelled  performances have won rave reviews at festivals.

, my Canon, the  teenage star, has been compared to This is the place where it needs to  get released.

 I have been waiting for two years.

 And dying to see  Thorough checks were made on all the cast to ensure that the rivalry  remained on screen.

 But the main actor's father has been convicted  of murder since the film was made, reminding the cast that violence  continues closer to home.

 Despite being overlooked by the Baftas, the  director is excited to see it released on home turf.

 More on my  mind at the moment than the party tonight is the fact that we took  money from Scottish end UK film councils.

 I would like to be able  to pay them back.

 Peter Mullan there.

 Now let's get  tonight's sport with Dougie.

 Thank you.

 Andy Murray's made a  good start to the first grand slam of the year.

 He's safely through to  the second round of the Australian Open after his first-round opponent  retired injured with Murray on course for a straight-sets win.

  He'll now play Ukraine's Ilya Marchenko on Thursday.

 As Kheredine  Idessane reports, there's also a big match coming up tonight for  With 10 home players in action, it was dubbed Australia Day, but not  by everyone.

 Meet the Shetland Andy Murray fan club.

 He is going to  win! Definitely.

 He got to the final last year.

 In that sense, it  is one down and six to go.

 Some classic passing shots, and Murray  took the first two sets.

 His Slovak opponent retired with a shoulder  injury in the third set.

 There were a lot of entertaining rallies,  quite long rallies.

 I thought it was a good start.

 He is a tricky  player, and I played well.

 But what about all that flirting with  Ivanovitch? Really? I thought no that was the one doing most of the  flirting.

 That was all natural.

 very good start of this Australian  Open for Andy Murray, safely through to the second round, where  he will play Ilya Marchenko on Thursday.

 But tonight at midnight,  Scotland's Elena Baltacha will play one of the biggest matches of her  career.

 She will face the former world No.

 1, Justine a noun.

  Kenny Miller has knocked back Birmingham and agreed to join  Bursaspor.

 That's according to the English Premier League side's  website.

 They say the Rangers striker has turned down the chance  to link up with Alex McLeish again because of an irresistable offer  from the Turkish champions.

 The 31- year-old will fly out to Turkey to  seal the deal tomorrow.

 Unsurprisingly, Mellor will not  join his team-mates tonight.

 They bid to go within two points of  leaders Celtic with two games in hand against Inverness Caley  Thistle tonight.

 You can keep across that and all the other  league and cup matches on Sportsound, BBC Radio Scotland  810MW.

 Live SPL commentries and text updates can be found at our  website, bbc.

co.

uk/sportscotland.

 On-loan Aberdeen striker Nick  Blackman says the opportunity to work with Craig Brown and Archie  Knox again convinced him to move to Pittodrie.

 The 21-year-old teams up  with the former Motherwell management duo after he signed a  new two-and-a-half-year deal with Blackburn.

 The striker had  impressed on loan at Motherwell earlier this season.

 Once I knew  the gaffer wanted me, that was a big factor.

  Scotland's Elliot Saltman will learn his fate tomorrow morning  after being accused of golf's ultimate sin, cheating.

 A committee  of tour players and officials met in Abu Dhabi after Saltman was  thrown out of a tournament last year for alleged ball misplacement.

  And that is all sport for this evening.

  We heard earlier about the saving of Shackleton's whisky.

 Now we go  back even further.

 Experts have recreated what's being described as  "a lost Renaissance masterpiece" at Stirling Castle.

 After six years of  restoration work, replicas of 37 carved wooden medallions are now in  place on the ceiling of one of the castle's most important state rooms.

  Our reporter Andrew Anderson has been to see them.

 They are once  again looking down on us.

 These are the sterling heads.

 They are  replicas of the oak carvings which once graced the ceiling in the  Royal Apartments at Stirling Castle.

 The carvings, of Scottish kings and  queens, lords and ladies and Roman emperors, were made under  instruction of King James the 5th, back in the 16th century.

  Unbelievably, the original ceiling was taken down in the 17 seventies.

  NE34 of the heads survived.

 -- only 34 heads survived.

  To leave a body of work like this behind is truly splendid.

 I am very  privileged to take part in such a project.

 It is the rebirth of a  great Scottish palace.

 It is marvellous.

  The carvings also had to be painted.

 Careful research was carried out  into the types of paint and the colours that might have been used  by the Renaissance artists nearly 500 years ago.

 We have got to be  very aware of the space, the light coming in, and the thickness of the  space -- the fitness of the paint you apply.

 You need to bring all of  that together.

 In all, £12 million is being spent on refurbishing the  royal apartments at Stirling Castle, restoring these rooms to a  splendour fit for a king and queen.

 This is a £12 million project, the  painting and the recreation of the sterling heads, it fits into that  project to restore the chamber.

 Building work to restore the  magnificent royal apartments is still going on.

 It will be open to  What's in store for us all weather- It has been fairly dry and bright,  with some sunshine, thanks to this high pressure.

 But we have seen a  scattering of showers poll into the North of Scotland today.

 For this  evening, we will start off with scattered showers, lingering in  western parts.

 They will eventually become confined to the far north,  and Wu -- move away down into northern parts of Aberdeenshire by  the morning.

 Elsewhere, dry, clear and cold.

 For tomorrow, that patchy  rain will stretch from Peterhead up to Wick.

 It will tend to fizzle out,  leaving a dry day for much of us.

 Freezing fog will linger towards  the Dumfries area.

 A few spots of patchy rain will lurk close to  Shetland.

 But as we come across the Central lowlands, it will tend to  be dry and bright, with a spread of temperatures.

 That dry day is set  to lead us into a dry night, clear and cold.

 Thursday will start off  on a cold note, a widespread frost, so be in places.

 Temperatures could  be as low as minus eight in some places.

 But essentially, Thursday  is another dry, bright day.

 That dry, settled theme will linger  towards the end of the week for many of us.

 But a little patchy  rain will clip into the final fat Let's recap tonight's main stories:  There's been a sharp increase in the cost of living, with higher  food, fuel and utility bills driving inflation up.

 The Consumer  Prices Index jumped from 3.

3 to 3.

7 percent - much higher than the Bank  of England's two percent target.

 Some economists say the rise is  hitting Scotland harder than the rest of the UK.

  The parents of Jo Yeates, whose body was discovered in Bristol on  Christmas day, have made a new appeal for help in finding her  killer.

 It coincides with a reconstruction of Jo's final  movements for the BBC's Crimewatch programme.

  The UK Government have outlined their plans for a minimum price for  alcohol in England, prompting criticism from the SNP who tried to  introduce price controls in Scotland.

 They've accused the  Tories and Lib Dems of hypocrisy, but the coalition parties insist  the two schemes are different.

 Barclays Bank has been ordered to  pay £60 million in compensation to

 # another pleasant valley Sunday.

.

.

  Libyan protesters take control of a town just 30 miles from Gadaffi's  stronghold.

 As the people of Zawiyah repel government attacks,  we bring you the latest from the scene.

 This town is surrounded but  there is a very clear message coming from it, that they are not  going to give in.

 One person said, this is a revolution of Honour, a  revolution of sanity.

 The UN votes for sanctions on Libya,  freezing the assets of Gadaffi and his family.

 This is a clear warning  to the Libyan government that it must stop the killing.

  More Britons were rescued from Benghazi and taken to safety by the  Royal Navy.

 Birmingham City have lifted the cup.

  Birmingham beat Arsenal to win their first major trophy in nearly  50 years.

 And limbering up for the Oscars -  will tonight be the crowning glory Good evening.

 There are signs  tonight that Colonel Gaddafi's grip on power in Libya is weakening.

  Protesters have taken hold of a town just 30 miles from his power  base in Tripoli.

 In the east of the country, anti-government protesters  say they have formed a National Libyan Council to act as the face  of the revolution.

 The you it -- the announcement came after the UN  imposed sanctions against the regime.

 First, our Middle East  editor Jeremy Bowen was among those journalists escorted to Zawiyah.

 He  has just sent this report.

 In the central part of Zawiyah the  people say they took control ten days ago.

 Since then they say they  have been joined by soldiers who have changed sides, bringing their  weapons.

 The Libyan authorities deny that any military forces have  defected.

 I am happy because it is the first time we can express  ourselves freely.

 We can speak freely.

 We can allow the world to  hear Us, T here are needs and demands.

  This is Colonel Gadaffi's backyard.

 We are about 30 miles from Tripoli.

  This town is surrounded but there is a very clear message coming from  it - that they are not going to give in.

 One person just said to me,  this is a revolution of honour, a revolution of sanity.

  The Libyan authorities say they could have used more force against  the uprising here but had chosen not to.

 If we took it yesterday,  many hundreds of people with a been killed, we are waiting for the  numbers to go down.

 Even if that fight breaks out, at 10 or five  people would be dead.

 Libyan blood is so valuable.

 We really want to  save Libyan blood.

 Later the Libyans took journalists  to a number of noisy programme that the demonstrations on the edge of  Zawiyah.

 The people said they were on the side of the regime.

 The  demonstrations were organised but they are all -- they also seem to  be true believers.

 Colonel Gadaffi has a power base in this area.

 The  hinterland of the capital appears to be divided as pressure increases  on the Gadaffi regime, keeping the two sides apart might be difficult.

  International pressure is growing on Colonel that -- colonel  Gaddafi's regime.

 The United nation has frozen -- the United Nations  has frozen his assets and those of his family.

 The exodus of foreign  nationals from Libya continues, as Ben Brown reports from the border  with Tunisia.

 Lydia's chaos is spilling across  its borders with an exodus of refugees and foreign workers, all  of them desperate to get out.

 Some 45,000 that this crossing point  alone in the last few days.

 Many of the people who have fled across the  border are Egyptian migrant workers.

 They are delighted to have escaped  the bloodshed in Libya but now they are desperate to get home.

 At the  moment there simply are not enough buses, boats and planes to get them  lie.

 I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.

  The international community is stepping up pressure on the regime  with a tough resolution passed unanimously at the UN Security  Council.

 This is a clear warning to the Libyan government that it must  stop the killing.

 Those who slaughter civilians will be held  personally responsible.

 The key UN measures are an arms  embargo to ban the sale of weapons to Tripoli, the threat of  prosecuting Colonel Gadaffi and his close associates for war crimes, a  ban on travelling outside Libya and a ban on beer into a river -- on  their assets.

 On top of this, the United States says it will offer  any kind of assistance to those in Libya who are trying to topple  Colonel Gadaffi.

 But the leader's son says his father remains very  much in charge.

 We still have people around us so we are in  Tripoli.

 In Tripoli you have half of the population of Libya.

 Do you  think because of 10,000 people or 5,000 people, even if they have  legitimate demands, it means that the whole pot -- whole Libyan  population is against Gadaffi? As the crisis deepens there are  questions about whether Western countries, including the UK, got  too close in recent years to Colonel Gaddafi.

 One has to keep a  distance from a dictator.

 We do have to do business with countries  we disagree with.

 We still have to do it.

 I call the Libyan Foreign  Minister last night.

 Meanwhile the flight from Libya continues this  evening.

 These people fear there will be much more bloodshed there  before this crisis is over.

 The Royal Navy vessel HMS  Cumberland has returned to Libya and is currently on his way back to  Malta.

 Some Britons were unable to get on board this afternoon.

 Our  correspondent joined them as the ship docked in the port of Benghazi.

  They have come from across Libya - British and many other  nationalities being brought to safety by the Royal Navy.

 Many of  these workers have come from an oil refinery was the Benghazi.

 Their  journey took them through territory now free of Colonel Gadaffi's  forces.

 The last ten days have been frightening times.

 We were in the  thick of things.

 Having said that, certain people who we know  personally were killed.

 They captured some of these mercenaries.

  They killed some Libyans.

 Foreigners are still streaming into  this city, the centre of the evacuation effort.

 This is the  hotel where they are processed.

 One of the biggest challenges is simply  contacting British citizens in a country where phones and Internet  are patchy at best.

 I have been trying to round up British people.

  I think some people have chosen to stay and there might still be  people out there who want to come here but not a -- have not been  able to make it today.

 There is a good chance they will be some  people left over.

 We're trying our hardest to get everyone here who  wants to go today.

 On the voice of free Libya, the  mission is very different.

 We have to get to the capital, are just the  presenter.

 You have to strike the final ball.

 You are they here rose,  so let us march, let us crawl to Tripoli.

 The opposition have  cobbled together this makeshift studio in a secret location.

 Now  what broadcasts across Libya and receives phone calls from all over  the country.

 People have worries, they tell me here, but they are  also excited at the prospect of freedom from Colonel Gadaffi's rule.

  Back at the dockside it is not a very inviting prospect for those  waiting to board HMS Cumberland.

 Gales and heavy winds have been  sweeping the Mediterranean.

 They face some very rough seas on the  way to Malta but everyone here is extremely happy to be safely on  board.

 As the foreigners leave, now all eyes are on the Libyans and how  they decide the fate of their own country.

  Our Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen is on the line-out from Tripoli.

  How are you reading the situation, Jeremy? It was interesting in  Zawiyah today, 30 miles west of Tripoli and seeing the place under  the control of armed rebels.

 The question now is whether the Libyans  think Colonel Gaddafi is any closer to going.

 I think there are people  against him -- the fact that there are people against him so close to  the capital is a sign of weakness.

 Things are pretty calm.

 It is not a  normal city by any means.

 The traffic is moving, his forces are  here.

 He has a power base in this area.

 There are people of course  who are against him.

 The question is: How many? Had met -- how  determined are they? And will they come out onto the streets in bigger  numbers than they have so far at some point? As for international  pressure against him, Gadaffi and his sons appear to be trying to  brush it off.

 Thank you.

  In neighbouring Tunisia the Prime Minister has resigned following  days of increasing unrest.

 There were more protests on the streets  of Tunis, prompting Mohamed Ghannouchi into an unexpected  announcement on state TV.

 For my people that died in clashes in  recent days.

 Demonstrators want faster reforms and the removal of  all those associated with former President Ben Ali's regime.

  At this four Britons are now understood to have died in the New  Zealander earthquake.

 Another is missing.

 People have held open-air  church services to pray for the dead and missing.

 The Prime  Minister has said it could become New Zealand's single worst disaster.

  Opposition leader Enda Kenny has promised to try to renegotiate the  Irish Republic's European Union bail-out when he takes office.

 Fine  Gael look like being as La -- the largest single party following this  week's election.

 Mark Simpson's report contains some flash  photography.

 How are you doing? How are you? The Irish people have  voted for change.

 And this is the man they expect to deliver it.

  Opposition leader Enda Kenny is Ireland's Prime Minister in waiting.

  The government which oversaw the collapse of Ireland's economy has  been voted out.

 The lost two-thirds of their seats.

 Enda Kenny says the  Irish people have shown the world that democracy works.

 It has been a  democratic revolution here.

 People did not take to the streets, they  took to the ballot boxes in giving their verdict through democracy.

  had won the most Botts but not an overall majority.

 It looks like he  will try to form a coalition with the Irish Labour Party.

 A new  government will try to renegotiate the terms of Ireland's  international bail-out.

 So what are their chances of success? There may  be some flexibility in terms of rates of interest or the length of  time our land gets to repay the money, but the money still has to  be repaid by -- Island gets to repay the money.

  It is clear the next government Ireland's financial crisis has  attracted international attention.

 But the country still has friends  abroad.

 The Prime Minister will be welcomed to Washington next month.

  The Queen later this year will make her first visit to Ireland.

  In a few hours time the 83rd back at -- annual Academy Awards get  under way.

 Became's Speech tops the Oscar nominations with no fewer  than 12.

 That includes a Best Actor nomination for Colin Firth.

 Despite  critical and box-office success, it faces stiff competition.

 Rajesh  Mirchandani reports from Los Angeles.

  The British are showing off.

 Ahead of the Oscars, the government  through this party in Los Angeles to impress foreign arts investors.

  This year the UK boasts 50 nominees, among them Helena Bonham-Carter who  told me that her role as Queen Mother is blooding some people's  reality.

 It is funny when you are playing someone royal.

 A what have  they done to you? I do not know, they just seem to treat you.

.

.

  There are some people who see you coming and the law they arise.

 It  is like, I was just pretending.

 All right, Bertie? It is actually quite  good fun.

 If Colin Firth is the hottest Oscar favourite.

 The King's  hours mac speech is the film to beat.

 Even its producers are  getting tired of the hype.

 The only channel I could find that wasn't  talking about the Oscars was the weather Channel.

 I had to watch  that.

 There are other contenders.

  Britain's Christian bail could win for supporting roles and The  Fighter.

 Natalie Portman is tipped for best actress in Black Swan.

 The  Facebook movie the social network - - The Social network is a contender.

  We will see what they can tap -- the academy does.

 A F meanwhile, up  a world away from the glamour or, said the new works by Britain's  Premier graffiti artist and attracting attention.

 Organisers  have said he cannot attend the ceremony in disguise.

 He has not  yet disclosed his identity.

 The first piece of silverware of  the English football season has been handed out.

 Here is Amanda  Davies with news of that.

 Good evening.

 Birmingham City have  produced a shock in the Carling Cup final, beating Arsenal 2-1.

 Obafemi  Martins scored the winner in the last few minutes to put a new  trophy in their Cabinet for the first time in 48 years.

  So near, yet so far.

 Six years Arsenal had waited for a trophy,  Birmingham a mere 48 years.

 Whose patience was about to be rewarded?  Birmingham were supposed to be underdogs but you would have  scarcely guess it.

 -- guessed it.

 It would have been 2-0 had the  striker's ft been as reliable as his head.

 Arsenal were soon level.

  Robin van Persie had a sumptuous finish.

 After the break Arsenal  looked in control, but with two minutes left, one of the great Cup  final coyness.

 Obafemi Martins was the scorer, the Gunners could  scarcely believe it.

 One moment of madness and it was all over.

  Birmingham had defied the bookies and won.

 A horrible day for Arsenal,  but Birmingham will not mind that.

 Their first trophy since 1963.

 It  has been well worth the wait.

 West Ham have lifted themselves off  the bottom of the Premier League table with victory over Liverpool.

  Avram Grant's side produced a 3-1 win, inspired by Scott Parker's  opening goal after 22 minutes.

 Manchester City drew 1-1 with  Fulham.

 Andrew Strauss put in a cat and's  perform is to lead England to a remarkable draw against India at  the cricket World Cup.

 Sachin Tendulkar became the first batsman  to serve -- to score five centuries in a World Cup, Sir -- helping the  co-hosts to set an impressive target of 339.

 Strauss stepped up  to give a brilliant performance.

 England needed two runs from the  final ball for victory.

 Despite a late fightback, Scotland  fell to their third straight defeat in this year's Straits -- Six  Nations, beaten by Ireland at

 majority.

  I D Q D iSweep.

 -- I give you the This week we are taking technology  and bending it to our will.

 And we will find out how French wine  producers are using technology to combat counterfeiters.

 All that  plus your views on the latest phones and tablets, the biggest  news stories from around the world and in Webscape a great little site  which lets you compose music by directing traffic.

  I am Spencer Kelly.

 When you buy a new piece of kit, a telephone, or a  games console, what do you do with it? You take it out of the box and  then use it as per the instructions.

 But there is a certain kind of  person who were prepared to take it apart, see how it works and then  make it to something completely different.

 You may remember the big  hoo-ha back in November surrounding Microsoft's brand new Mohsan  sensing games console or Kinnect.

 Scores of enthusiasts did exactly  that.

 Several months on Microsoft has embraced the people who are  pushing the device far beyond its intended capabilities.

 Mark Cieslak  reports.

 It started with a Wii.

 Enterprising enthusiasts began  tinkering with its motion sensitive controller.

 In 2007 at PhD students  at Carnegie Mellon University created a head tracking system.

 In  2010 the was the launch of a motion control system which does not need  a controller.

 A combination of cameras, infra-red sensors and a  microphone allows it to track the player's movement in 3D space.

 It  had an appeal way beyond energetic media gamers.

 Electronics  enthusiasts and software wizards wondered how much more could be got  out of this little black box of tricks.

 If only it could be plugged  into a PC rather than an X Box.

 Almost as soon as it went on sale  enthusiasts created striders.

 a device that outputs things like  any other output device.

 To make it work they need to use Bluetooth and  a set of libraries that enable the information to be decoded.

 Eclipse  began to appear on YouTube.

 It has even been plugged into A, resulting  in a project like this, a virtual puppet controlled by hand movements.

  More and more users be on video games have been found for that  little box.

 Those applications have shifted away from look at what is  can-do into more considered territories.

 This is Warwick  University's Engineering Department.

 Students here have been running a  mobile robotics team.

 The current crop of software and engineering  students have created a rescue robot for use in disaster areas.

  Its job is to locate injured humans in hazardous environments.

 We use a  lot of sensors.

 The webcam is an off-the-shelf webcam as is the  Kinnect which we use for 3D mapping and depth perception.

 It gives us a  real chance to reduce the costs.

 The X Box clean-up costs around  £150.

 The team's robot is controlled remotely, its various  sensors feeding data back to the operator.

 On board the robot is a  PC.

 It is crucial that all of the on-board systems work seamlessly  with his computer.

 Once we saw there were profitable uses and it  could be used in terms of a regular computer, we realised we could use  this for our purpose, which is to detect where we are, where the  robot is and also hopefully move to correct positions.

 The team has  entered into the Cup in Germany later this year.

 It is an event  designed to test robots in a variety of simulated rescue  situations.

 Last year the Warwick team collected the top prize at the  event.

 Let's see if they would do the same in 2011.

 Of course  Microsoft is not alone in the motion controller Stakes.

 Sony has  the move for the PlayStation 3.

 However, enthusiasts seem less keen  to tinker with Sony's pointing device.

 Nice cardigan, by the way.

  To address this Sony could begin making moves up to entice  enthusiasts.

 A lot of people are saying that in February after games  show in San Francisco Sony will finally come out and support a  launch of tools that will enable people to make interesting  applicators.

 Earlier in the year Micras of's head man let it slip,  but similar official support may be on the way for Kennett.

 We you plug  it into a PC? We will support that in a formal way at the right time.

  We will make an announcement.

 announcement has been made with  Microsoft confirming official software development kits.

 But  while hardware manufacturers seem keen to encourage people tinkering  with their peripheral, interfere with actual consoles themselves and  their software elicits a very different response.

 In January Sony  commenced a legal action against 100 members of a hacking group.

 A  US hacker, who as a teenager gained notoriety for unlocking the iPhone,  is also included in the action.

 The case centres around the binding and  publishing of details of security codes.

 These codes allow any  software to run on the console and also make it possible to run  pirated software on the machine as well.

 The legal action is still  ongoing and has ignited fears online debate about openness and  who actually owns the products consumers buy.

 A few want a full  Open experience, by APC.

 If you want an experience where somebody  is taking control and supporting your on-line live, you have to give  up some of the freedom to tinker with the kit.

 There is a theory  that says you can do whatever you want.

 Why would a video games  publisher continue to support you? Why would they help give you stuff  for your machine? Some tinkering with of the shove devices is  tolerated, but tinker too much and it could be game over.

 -- off the  shelf devices.

 Our sister program digital planet is on BBC World  Service radio and Smart appeared on that.

 You will find a link that our  website.

 Next, this week's tech news.

 An English court has ruled  that the founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, it should be  extradited to Sweden to face allegations of sexual assault  against two women.

 Julian Assange denies the claims.

 His supporters  say the move is politically motivated and they fear it will be  easier for the US authorities to extradite him there to face  possible challengers.

 Where it faces in Seattle as  Microsoft's update to Windows telephones caused some to stop  working together, even though the problem is only found with Sam's  own telephones.

 It is working on a fixed.

 It comes weeks after a bug  with Yahoo Mail.

 It caused owners to download 26 times as much data  than was needed.

 Finally, the world's first marathon for a  humanoid robots is underweight in Japan.

 They are each around 40  centimetres tall and are capable of standing up bright if they tumble.

  They are to cover a marathon distance of 26 miles and it will  probably take four days.

 This time last week we were in beautiful  Barcelona, the Catalan capital.

 For a few days every year it is home to  the Mobile World Congress, a vast gathering of the firms which make  mobiles and the networks which make them ring.

 If you are following us  on Twitter, you will probably remember the late night tweets  about us being locked out of our accommodation.

 For the Ross Tokely  -- for the rest of you it was all While some of you were sceptical  about the role of tablets in our digital world, others were  intrigued by the telephone with two sim slots.

 They have been popular  Here is a question from someone called Spencer.

 In theory, we think  it could be possible.

 The telephone that Ida Maud could speak -- are  beset to use one card for voice and the other for data.

 It could not do  double-speed downloads using both cards simultaneously for data.

  However, one of our colleagues was using a special box to broadcast  live TV from Barcelona.

 That used seven cards working in parallel to  provide enough bandwidth.

 It did not work properly, though.

  Apparently the mobile network was overloaded.

 Who would have thought?  There are special chips being fitted to some phones to allow you  to pay for things by swiping of a sensor.

 Finally, to the matter of  pronunciation.

 David Glover has taken umbrage at the way we talk  about the Macintosh operating system.

 We have dealt with is a  number of time over the years.

 Of course X does mean 10, but anyone  who used to use Unix systems will know that they had an X in them.

 We  know that it is based on Unix.

 Keep their e-mails coming in.

 -- keep  the e-mails coming in.

 You would think that a traditional  trade like wine making would be the last to go digital.

 These days,  wind is at risk of getting knocked off, faked.

 David has travelled to  the south of France to see some clever bottles which promise proper  wine inside.

 Unique among liquids, fine wine  runs uphill.

 They get to the top of almost any money mountain.

 Yes,  there are bottles of wine that fetch thousands of pounds.

 The  older and reared they get, the more expensive they get.

 -- older and  more rare.

 Some wine makers are now taking serious steps to protect  their wine from fraudsters.

 TRANSLATION: Today, I think it is  impossible to make large quantities of fake versions of our wine.

 We  have so many ways of telling whether a bottle is fake.

 The main  intent is to stop large numbers of fakes being made in the first place.

  This wine maker is confident that it can beat the fakers, not least  because each bottle is bristling with security features.

 There is a  trace mineral hidden in the capsule.

 It is visible and only detectable  by a special reader.

 Bottles are personalised, stamped like a  precious metal with the year and maker.

 A reference number is etched  into the glass alongside the accord that can only be read by machine.

  TRANSLATION: This laser etching is done because it is more long-  lasting.

 It means that each bottle and boxes traceable forever.

 If the  same number turns up twice, they know something is not quite right.

  This wine maker is also looking at another technology being widely  used in the fight again -- the fight against fraud - bubbles.

 They  are a new kind of code.

 Because the constellations are completely  random, unique and impossible to imitate, if they are put on a  sealed, they can act as a visual or readable proof that what is inside  is genuine.

 You have a bubble tag on every sale.

 Then you have a data  reference.

 Anyone can go on the website, type in the reference  number and get access to information about the bottle.

  You can check the tag visually against a one in the database.

  There is also a software tool that allows you to do the job.

 In the  wine business, it is true that, selling well wind over the internet,  it is becoming a big problem because you cannot be sure about  the origin of the wine bottle.

 You cannot be sure of what is inside  the bottle.

 We have a seal that goes on the cap of the bottle to  show it is an original bottle, and also that it has never been opened  before.

 These are all measures to protect new wines, but how do you  come from the authenticity of the old ones? Attest has been devised  that involves measuring the levels of an isotope that is released into  the atmosphere.

 Too much of it in this bottle would indicate that it  was wrong.

 The company claims it can test the age of wine without  even opening set.

 Nuclear Pulses, bubble chords, mineral capsules -  it is all a bit weird science for such a traditional trade, but if it  means they can guarantee the contents of these bottles, that is  probably worth drinking too.

 David, combining his love of  technology with his love of wine.

 Before only cities were designed  using Kate's first game this week.

 Who would have thought a housing  estate could make such sweet music? In this game you can do just that  by building your own melodic map.

 by building your own melodic map.

  Once you have laid down some roads, you can start putting up houses,  trees and flower gardens, all of which triggered different sounds.

  Send your cars off around the route to play a simple tune.

 This is a  little bit like simulation games and Super Mario combined.

 Some  people have been really creative with their map of music, remaking  classics like Michael Jackson songs.

 If you want to start getting clever,  used the delay commands to adjust when the notes play.

 You can put  roads side-by-side so that more than one car plays the objects that  you place.

 It is not sophisticated you place.

 It is not sophisticated  but it certainly is fun.

 If you are the kind of person who  would lose your head if it were not screwed on, this next website will  be heaven for you.

 It is an interesting new concept, beginning  in the UK, where people can search for lost items, and of course  register any items they find.

 The service is free to use if you  collect the property yourself.

 They can even handle shipping for you at  a small cost.

 The idea is proving popular with train operators and  airports where a staggering amounts of property is lost each week.

 The  makers have told me they are even in talks with health services, the  police and even local government about so becoming an official lost  property service.

 While this service is only four UK losers at  the moment, the company tell me they intend to expand globally.

  Follow them on Twitter for updates as the service grows.

  Next up, an application that has to be seen to be believed - an instant  translation application that looks a little bit like witchcraft.

 Once  downloaded, you can use your camera to translate short blocks of text.

  It happens in real time, right in front of you rise, and feels very  much like the next leap forward in this type of application.

 You will  have to download the language modules at a cost if you want to do  any actual translations, but the demo should give you an idea of how  the whole thing works.

 The language modules are not exactly cheap.

 At  the time of filming this, the Spanish/English version was £5.

99.

  Like all translation tools, Like all translation tools,  complicated phrases are more and estimation than exact.

 It is  certainly good enough to get the idea cross.

 If you're planning a  holiday to Spain, or the other way round, this seems like a small  price to pay for one of the most impressive tools I have seen in a  impressive tools I have seen in a long time.

  Good news for those who like to tweet from their blackberry.

 The  new version is released this week.

 It includes social feeds  integration, alerts when someone is talking about you, an some other  fine features.

 You will have to be a member of blackberry's beat as  owner to download it.

 You will find out more details -- be tabs on.

 You  will find out more details on their website.

  You can take a step back in -- back in time and readers it -- the  diaries of Samuel Pepys.

 This website has been posting entries  from his diary day-by-day.

 There are plenty of geeky extras and  analysis if you dig around on the site.

 For a quick hit, the makers  are posting extracts in 140 characters or fewer on Twitter.

  All of Kate's links, along with

 summary at 10:25pm.

 And you can  A family's nightmare dilemma - the high cost of leaving their dad in a  coma in Thailand or risking his life by bringing him home.

  Welcome to North West Tonight.

 Also in the programme: Diagnosed  with cancer, how this patient missed his first consultation  because of postal delays.

 The treatment, it was probably one  of the most important things in the world at that time.

  Prison break - the Liverpool project keeping women out of jail  and with their children.

 Could Kenny be staying? Liverpool's  new Chairman tells us he is a contender.

 He agreed to take over  for the rest of the season and we are going to certainly consider him  as a candidate.

 We will have a sneak peek at one of  the world's biggest Korans.

 It's been hidden here for over 100 years  and will go on public display A Lancashire family are facing a  terrible dilemma over their elderly father who is seriously ill and  stranded abroad.

 They must either raise tens of thousands of pounds  to fly him home, or continue racking up a fortune in medical  bills by leaving him in hospital there.

 Either way, his family say  he is unlikely to recover.

 Before he went on holiday in Thailand,  Philip Blakemore made errors when filling in his travel insurance  application form so the company has cancelled his policy.

  This is Philip Blakemore in happier times.

 And this is him seriously  ill in a Thai hospital.

 He was taken ill while holidaying there  with his wife.

 Their daughter has flown out to be with them but she  says the situation is very difficult.

 We are scared,  frightened.

 Mr Blakemore became ill early last month.

 He spent a week  in hospital.

 When he tried to claim on his insurance the insurer  discovered he failed to declare certain medical information.

  Conversations took place with the insurers in Britain who said due to  the fact you have not disclosed something, the policy is declined.

  The family transferred £4,500 to Mrs Blakemore to pay that hospital  bill only to discover the insurer, Europ Assistance, had already paid  it.

 That's despite insisting they wouldn't.

 My mother-in-law  ultimately thought she had still got insurance and the insurers  changed their mind.

 They hadn't changed their mind.

 Mr Blakemore  was taken ill again.

 Europ Assistance say this time they won't  picking up the tab.

 They said the previous payment did not mean his  claim had been agreed.

 They want him to pay the money back when he  got home.

 The family face a terrible dilemma.

 Do they raise the  tens of thousands of pounds they need to fly him home on a flight he  may not survive? Or do they leave him in hospital in Thailand racking  up a huge medical bill? How could you do that, how could you leave  your dad, your husband? It is very difficult.

 The family say their  case should act as a warning to us all about the need to be extremely  careful when completing insurance forms.

  There's been a call for a thorough investigation into the postal  disruption that's affected so many of you.

 The Liberal Democrat MP for  Cheadle says he wants answers after it emerged one of his constituents,  a cancer patient, missed a key hospital appointment because of  delayed post.

 Deep into January, you are still contacting us with  complaints about letters and parcels taking ages to arrive, or  not arriving at all.

 Michael Frayne was diagnosed with  throat cancer in early December.

 He was immediately referred to a  specialist at Christie's to find out how serious it was when  treatment would begin.

 The letter confirming that appointment was  posted first-class on December 14th.

 It didn't arrive until December  23rd, two days after his scheduled appointment.

 I don't think I'm  going to die.

 But to me and the family, to find out what was going  to happen to me and the treatment, and whether I would be OK, it was  probably one of the most important things in the world at that time.

  Michael is one of hundreds who have contacted us.

 Now his local MP is  calling for action.

 Something seems to have gone wrong this year.

  Whether or not it is connected with the closure of some of our local  delivery offices, I don't know.

 I certainly think the volume of  complaints suggest that we need to have a thorough investigation into  what went wrong this time.

 Royal Mail has blamed bad weather  and says backlogs at its four main processing sites in the North West  have been cleared.

 But your e-mails continue to arrive.

 One viewer says  her daughter sent her a parcel from Guernsey on December 17th recorded  delivery.

 Still no sign of it, we Among the e-mails are some from  postal workers.

 One says that the problems have been caused because  Manchester's mail centre isn't big enough for the amount of post it is  now receiving.

 It concludes: Being a serving postman of more than 30  years' experience, I have never known a more disastrous or  disgraceful performance over a Christmas period.

  In reply, Royal Mail says: Staff at all our offices are focused on  ensuring mail is delivered as soon as possible.

 Deliveries in almost  every district across the North West are now operating normally.

 It  apologises for delays and says extra staff have been deployed to  areas suffering from delays.

 Well, if you want compensation for  the inconvenience caused by missed post, what do you do? I asked that  question to Kate Hobson from Consumer Direct.

 Well, if their  post is being delayed, so they haven't received the mail, they  would need to contact the postal operator who their mail was posted  with.

 If that is Royal Mail, then an item is classed as delayed three  working days after its due date.

 Talking about calling up Royal Mail  by phone, as lots of people want to do, lots of people have told our  correspondent today they have tried and they simply can't get through  and the automated system doesn't have a number for if you have a  problem with missed post? I can understand how people would be  frustrated if they have got a problem.

 If there's lots of people  with that problem, then the phone service also be busy.

 Our advice is  that it is always best to put your complaint in writing.

 That could be  by e-mail, via the Royal Mail website, or by a traditional letter,  keep a copy, get some evidence of posting from the Post Office and  set them a deadline for response.

 It is your own deadline, is it? How  quickly should Royal Mail respond to a complaint then? You can check  Royal Mail's complaints handling process on their website to see if  it is specifys a deadline.

 If not, we would say something reasonable  so give them two weeks to respond to you and see if you get a  response in that time.

 Thank you very much.

  Manchester City Council has agreed a voluntary redundancy package to  offer its workforce.

 It comes after the council confirmed it will have  to cut 2,000 jobs.

 The authority has blamed the job losses on  Government spending cuts.

 It needs to save £110 million in the next  year, resulting in substantial cuts to services.

 Taking 25% out of the  public services that the City Council provides, it will be truly  shocking.

 What the Government is doing to us, what this  Conservative-Liberal Democrat Government is doing, is appalling.

  The mother of James Bulger is setting up a charity for young  people in memory of her son.

 It is being launched to mark his 21st  birthday.

 She says she wants to help young people who have become  victims of crime or bullying.

 are buying a holiday home so these  kids can stay there for a week, to give them a week's break from  everything.

 I just want to do something on a much larger scale.

 I  think about James every day, like a lot of other people.

 That is why I  continue to do a lot of charity work.

 It is not just for me and for  James, but it is for everyone who think of him as well.

  Six years ago, Kevin Lavelle, a crane driver from Bootle, was  beaten to death.

 Three men went on trial for murder.

 But all walked  free because the judge said no-one could be sure who struck the final  blow.

 Now, Kevin's family are trying to get the case back in  court using a law that is more than 300 years old.

 They face some  serious obstacles.

 Kevin Lavelle was 29 when he was  beaten to death.

 It happened in 2004.

 But his family's hurt is  still raw.

 Life's not a life, it is just existing every day.

 You have  to keep strong.

 People look at you and think you are not bothered.

 But  it is what is inside.

 Kevin was working away from Merseyside when a  group of men attacked him after an argument at an Oxfordshire pub.

 The  judge said no-one could be sure who struck the fatal blow.

 That is why  Kevin's family and supporters want a retrial under joint enterprise  law.

 Anyone at the scene could be prosecuted if they knew what was  going on, even if they didn't land a blow.

 This joint enterprise is  there to breakdown this wall of silence, to send a message clear to  those groups or gangs who think by remaining silent they will all walk  free.

 The law has been used in high-profile cases - the murder of  Garry Newlove and the 1952 case of Derek Bentley, hanged even though  it was his partner who shot a policeman.

 Some have doubts about  prosecutions under the joint enterprise law.

 What if someone at  the scene of a crime who did not participate is being threatened not  to reveal the truth? Could someone on the fringes of gang violence end  up with a life sentence? In this case, the Crown Prosecution Service  decided not to use the law.

 Police say there's no evidence to allow a  rethink.

 Kevin's family have organised a petition to get the  case back to court.

 When women get sent to prison, it's  often not just the offenders who are punished, their cherish are  separated from their -- their children are separated from their  mother and many have to leave the family home.

 So they are trying  something new on Merseyside.

 More than two-thirds of women prisoners  have dependant children.

 Only 5% of those children are able to stay at  home once their mother has been sentenced.

 Also, most women  prisoners do lose the support of their partner.

 About a third will  also lose their home, so the disruption to children's lives is  pretty clear to see.

 So a new project has been launched to keep  women in Liverpool out of prison.

 The charity which runs the  initiative says it is not a soft option, but will help families stay  together.

 Women offenders only make up 6% of  the prison population.

 But sending a mother to jail can mean children  will go into care.

 I wouldn't be able to cope with that at all.

 I  wouldn't be able to deal with that at all.

 I couldn't imagine that.

  That would kill me.

 I explained a few things about my circumstances.

.

.

  Teresa is having help to turn her life around.

 She says she was in an  abusive relationship and ended up homeless and in debt with two  children.

 Life was chaotic and she was brought before the court for  not sending her children to school.

 I have always worked and that and  this situation, to think a couple of years ago I would be in this now,  I would have laughed, I would really have laughed.

 As part of her  community sentence, she has to work with Jen, she's helping Teresa get  a job and get her children to school.

 I have referred her on to  the Family Intervention Project which will hopefully will support  her in sending her children to school.

 The lack of schemes to help  women deal with their reasons for offending has frustrated some  judges.

 The Turn Around Project is run by the PSS charity.

 For Judge  David Fletcher, the initiative gives him an alternative to sending  these women to prison.

 A lot of them have to go into care, live  with relatives and they then may head in the wrong direction and  that of course is storing up problems for us in the future.

  isn't an easy option.

 It is about the best to move you forward in a  positive way, you know.

 It's hoped Teresa and many more women like her  will take control of their lives and not reoffend.

  Now, still to come: Got the targets, got the funds, Liverpool's new  owners are planning a younger look.

 The Derbyshire woman cycling the  length of Africa.

 I'm hoping the training in  Manchester will have paid off and that will make it work for this  When Labour published illegal election leaflets in Oldham East &  Saddleworth it got into serious trouble.

 It forced a former Labour  MP Phil Woolas to stand down from parliament and led to last week's  by-election.

 Now, Labour says it's the victim of unfair Liberal  Democrat leaflets in neighbouring Rochdale.

 The town's MP, Simon  Danczuk, is threatening legal action.

  Illegal Labour leaflets sparked the by-election in Oldham East &  Saddleworth, but in Rochdale the situation's reversed.

 Is this the  leaflet? Yes.

 The town's Labour MP showed me the Lib Dem newsletter in  which he's placed next to David Chaytor and Phil Woolas.

 The two  former MPs were found guilty in court.

 He's not even broken the  rules.

 I'm very disappointed that the Liberal Democrats are putting  out leaflets that have no basis in truth in a desperate attempt to win  elections in May.

 We have been through a by-election in Oldham  East & Saddleworth that was caused by the fact that inappropriate  leaflets have been produced and the Liberal Democrats in Rochdale are  actually doing the same thing.

 no regrets from the man who wrote  the leaflet which highlighted Mr Danczuk's 80p expense claim for a  taxi ride.

 I don't think claiming 80p to go somewhere which is in  walking distance is a new beginning or setting a good example.

 It is  not illegal and the point that Simon Danczuk is making is that  what you have done there is at best unfair and at worst libelous?  don't accept that at all.

 Danczuk says he's considering legal  action and lawyers say politicians should be more careful.

 What  politicians need to do is they need to take a step back from the heat  of battle and look at what is being said and get some advice from  someone that is objective, that isn't as close to the opponent and  just pause for thought before they go to print.

 Some politicians may  have the right idea, but even after a by-election, others are still to  take the hint.

 Now, with the new Liverpool  Chairman's rescue plan for the Reds, here is Tony.

  Thank you.

 Yes, Liverpool may be four points off the relegation zone,  but the revival is on course.

 Funds are available and new players have  been targeted.

 That is according to Chairman Tom Werner who also  doesn't rule out Kenny Dalglish has a long-term appointment.

 This  report contains flash photography.

 He may not have been the right man  for Liverpool at this time.

 I think that there is no point really in  going backwards.

 Obviously, the team's performance was not what  anybody hoped for.

 We were certainly aware of the fans' point  of view, but we weren't going to be guided by them.

 Obviously, that  game against Wolves was devastating for everybody.

 Kenny has proven a  stabiliser.

 He's agreed to take over for the rest of the season.

 We  will consider him as a candidate and we will do what is right for  the club.

 He talks to players.

 They obviously look up to him.

 He's good  at what we call man-management.

 He understands the club's philosophy,  the way we did it in Boston you have to improve day-by-day, you  have to find a better first base and you have to find someone who  can be a better defender.

 I don't think there is an overnight success  where tomorrow will be able to announce that we have brought in a  whole new squad, but I would be devastated, as our supporters would  be, if we didn't see some improvement.

 We have got a lot of  talent in this club.

 I do hope that we have certainly identified some  targets and I hope we will be successful.

 I do feel that we have  the resources to improve.

 We are not driven by any spending issues  and I am confident that we will improve in the short-term.

 Our team  needs to get younger.

 I think that if we can find value and find  players who can perform for Liverpool, not just this season,  but going forward, then we will attack.

 That is what we are looking  for.

 Well, you can hear much more on BBC  Radio Merseyside's Total Football programme which starts in a few  minutes' time.

 Manchester City's injured star,  Mario Balotelli, stoked up the rivalry with Manchester United by  saying Wayne Rooney is not the best player in Manchester.

 As Carlos  Tevez scored another goal over Leicester, Balotelli says their  strike force was more potent than United's.

 After building up a  comfortable lead, City did let Leicester back into the game, but  Aleksandar Kolarov made it 4-2 and City play Notts County in the next  round.

 The funeral of the former Bolton  Star, Nat Lofthouse will take place a week today.

  Isle of Man cyclist Mark Cavendish has suffered head and facial  injuries in a crash involving a dozen riders in Australia.

 The 25-  year-old was struck on the head by another rider when he came off his  bike on a tight left hand bend.

 His team say he is expected to start  tomorrow's Adelaide stage of the Down Under Tour.

  Well, from a class sprinter to a cyclist with a bit more time to  take in the view in the world's longest bike race.

 Alice Morrison  from Glossop is peddling 7,500 miles from the top of Africa to the  bottom to raise money to buy bikes for health workers on the Continent.

  She sent us a little taster of what is in store.

  We are here at the beginning of our 7,500 mile from Cairo to South  Africa.

 Very excited.

 We are all in a big group.

 I am hoping the  training will have paid off.

 Everything has to be fixable in  Africa.

 When we are far away from bike shops and anything that we can  buy, so I have a steel frame that can be mended if it breaks, I have  mechanical brakes, and everything is really tough and really durable.

  I think this trip will be an incredible mental challenge as well  as a physical one.

 We are averaging 100 miles a day.

 We are in a group  of over 60 people, none of whom know each other.

 Many are  competitive.

 So it will be a case of who tries hardest and keeps  going for the longest wins.

 Makes me cycling round Center Parcs looks  wimpy.

 Finally, Burnley defender, Clarke Carlisle, becomes the first-  ever professional footballer to appear as a panellist on Question  Time.

 Clarke won the title Britain's brainest footballer, he  has ten Grade A GCSEs and has appeared on Countdown as well.

 If  anyone can ask him how to solve the conundrum of why Burnley has won  once away all season, it will make good viewing.

  He's from Preston! We will have a This picture tells you all you need  to know - temperatures are on the way down.

 Yes, we have high  pressure controlling things but it is quite stagnant weather, nothing  is happening very quickly.

 The weather fronts stay out of the way.

  The wind direction drags lots of cloud cover in.

 Tonight, quite a  bit of cloud around for a time.

 Temperatures will fall away.

 We are  talking about temperatures of 1 Celsius along the coast.

 Even towns  and cities hovering around zero.

 On the chart we have a minus two.

  There could be a minus three, or a minus four.

 So a widespread frost  first thing tomorrow.

 You can see the other problem - mist and fog.

  It will be exactly the same story tomorrow as well.

 Because the winds  are so very light, and there is also quite a lot of cloud around,  even when it tries to lift, it could lift to add to the cloud  cover so I think tomorrow is quite a chilly day.

 In some places, the  mist may linger until lunch time.

 It may never clear at all through  the day.

 If it does, you could have a lot of cloud cover around.

 Around  the Pennine areas, that is where the best of the weather might be.

  The higher up you are, the more sunshine you may well see.

 For most  of us tomorrow, that is a poor- looking day.

 Temperatures are not  great either.

 With that wind direction, you need sunshine to  boost them.

 We haven't got it tomorrow.

 The best you can expect  is 3 Celsius.

 Look at that, some is 3 Celsius.

 Look at that, some  places zero or only 1 Celsius.

 Getting chillier.

 It is the size of  a large TV screen and is one of the world's most important copies of  the Koran.

 Historians have been unable to display one of their most  exciting exhibits until now.

 The book is 500 years old and it can't  be put on display because it is so fragile.

  It's over 500 years old and thought to have been created for one of the  last Mamluk Sultans of Egypt.

 Koran is one of the finest examples  from the late Mamluk period.

 This huge Koran has hardly been seen  since it arrived in Manchester over 100 years ago.

 The Koran was  purchased by Mrs Rylands.

 The sheer weight of it means we have to carry  it in a certain way.

 If you carry it vertically, the text block is in  danger of dropping because of the sheer weight of the pages and  coming away from the spine.

 It takes several people to manoeuvre  it.

 Now staff here have begun the delicate task of creating digital  images of the manuscript, working under lights for a few minutes at a  time so as not to damage it.

 does take two people to turn each  page every time.

 Not many people get to see something like this and  forus to get to see every page, is really interesting.

 The Koran has  some missing pages.

 Some of them were discovered in Dublin in the  1970s, but the two halves are so delicate they can't be moved.

 Now  they will be reunited on the internet.

 It is really exciting.

 We  can use turning the pages software so that anybody will be able to  consult it freely over the internet.

 Page by page, they are slowly  creating an online version of the holy book.

  Wow! Fabulous.

 I wanted to know what Clarke Carlisle said about why  he thinks he's been invited on to Question Time.

 He is a bright guy.

  He has ten Grade A GCSEs.

 Countdown isn't Question Time.

 It isn't.

 It's  in Burnley and he says he is not a political buff, but he has a young  family and he thinks he can bring the layman's view which is  important because when you get five politicians arguing you do need  some.

.

.

 He will get a lot of

 reoffending.

  Fierce fighting as Colonel Gaddafi's troops try to seize back  Zawiyah.

 Tanks, manned by Government militia has launched two  attacks with heavy gunfire reported.

 The rebels insist they managed to  repel Gaddafi's troops.

 Both sides claim they are in control of the  city centre.

 In the east of the country the rebels say they have  shot down a fighter plane, killing two pilots.

 We will ask if the  country is tilting further towards civil war? Also: Rising fuel prices.

  The Chancellor gives his strongest hint that help is on the way for  motorys in this month's Budget -- for motorists in this month's  Budget.

 I am doing all I can to help families.

 A warn from the  Governor of the Bank of England that banks are chasing short-term  Good evening.

 Troops loyal to the Libyan leader, Colonel Gaddafi,  have been involved in fierce fighting rebels to take back  Zawiyah, 30 miles west of Tripoli.

 Eye witnesss say at least 30 people  have been killed, many of them civilians.

 Opposition fighters had  repelled an initial attack on Zawiyah before more pro-Gaddafi  forces moved in.

 Gaddafi's battle tanks, poised and  ready in Zawiyah, preparing to take back, with brutal force, territory  lost in recent days to the regime's opponents.

 As Government troops  moved in with heavy armour for a second day of fighting.

 Militia  road blocks made it almost impose for anyone else to get in or out of  Zawiyah, accept for supplies for the men and machines.

 It is God's  will.

 We are controlling all the inns and out of Zawiyah.

 They  cannot get out of it and they will not be able to do anything more.

  In pure military terms it is not an equal battle.

 These were the people  inside Zawiyah.

 Men with assault rifes and other light weapons,  ready to face down the regime's tanks.

 Burntout cars and destroyed  tanks indicate heavy losses on both sides.

 Reports from inside the  provincial town, 30 miles from the capital, said that dozens of people  were killed.

 Many more, including civilians and children were injured.

  Freshly-dug graves - prove of the heavy, intense fighting.

 This was  Colonel Gaddafi hitting back.

 Despite losses elsewhere in the  country his determination to remain in power w the help of his loyal  militia should not be underestimated.

 Aerial footage  released by the Libyan Government reported to show tanks in central  Zawiyah, saying it had taken control of the town and that things  were getting back to normal.

 A claim dismissed by the regime's  opponents.

 Other official images showed elite militia units retaking  the main airfield.

 Again after heavy fighting and considerable  loss of life.

 This is an authoritarian Government, which  will not relinquish power lightly.

 The assault on Zawiyah shows how  determined the Gaddafi regime is to consolidate its hold on Tripoli and  the western hinterland.

 Across the desert, to the east, it is a  different picture, with opposition forces firmly in control.

  Tonight, Libya feels, in effect, like a country divided in two.

  Well n the east of Libya, anti- Government forces say they have  captured the oil port of Ras Lanuf, after a fierce battle with  Government forces.

 The rebels are pushing further along the  Mediterranean coast towards Sirte, a stronghold of Colonel Gaddafi.

  Ras Lanuf fell during the night to the accompaniment of huge  excitement.

 Colonel Gaddafi's troops escaped  westwards, in the direction of Sirte, further along the coast.

  Rebels were still celebrating this morning, getting rid of the tokens  of Colonel Gaddafi's rule.

 And they were still finding  soldiers from his army and taking them prisoner, though they didn't  necessarily want us to film that.

 A fighter bomber from Colonel  Gaddafi's Air Force flew over Ras Lanuf.

 This man, on his first day  at the gun, which only had one barrel working, managed to hit it.

  It crashed in the desert, and both crew members were killed.

 Excited  rebels brought pieces of the plane to show us.

  Someone filmed the crash sight on their mobile phone.

 The wreckage  was spread over a wide area.

 Others were thinking forward to the  next stop on the rebel's advance.

 The town of Sirte.

  After tomorrow, delivery, Gaddafi, you go to hell.

 There's no doubt  this is an important victory.

 You can see these men are not terribly  well equipped.

 What they do have is an immensely high morale.

 It is  higher than ever, now that they have captured a strong-point from  Colonel Gaddafi's army.

 Well, our Middle East editor has  been to the outskirts of Zawiyah.

 He is now back in Tripoli.

 Jeremy,  is it possible to say who is in control of Zawiyah tonight? They  are both claiming they are in control.

 The regime here in Tripoli  is saying that by tomorrow everything will be restored to  normal.

 Well, we will see.

 I spent, I found myself spending four hours  or so, more than that, with the Libyan security forces today.

 I saw  a lot of armour in the area.

 A lot of tanks, self-propelled guns, some  rocket launchers.

 It is interesting it is taking them so long to  subdued the people in Zawiyah.

 It is more of a political  embarrassment more than a military threat.

 It shows other people here,  in the west of the country, that resistance is possible.

 Therefore,  in Colonel Gaddafi's mind it has to go.

 We are two-and-a-half weeks  into this uprising, what is your assessment of where Libya is?  Well, I think that Colonel Gaddafi is in a better position than he was  a week ago, even though he's had military reverses in the central  part of the country, his position here, in and around the capital is,  I think, stronger than it was.

 There's a risk for Libya.

 A greater  chance of a civil war.

 We can see that because fighting is going in a  number of places.

 I think for Colonel Gaddafi at the moment, he's  benefit from the fact that over the years he has hollowed out every  national institution, accept for himself.

 There are not things like  the -- except for himself.

 There are not things like the high  command.

 President Mubarak had the high command telling him in the end  to go.

 Gaddafi has nothing like that.

 It is almost as if he planned  for this moment.

 At present, he is benefiting from that system.

 Thanks  very much.

 Saudi Arabia has announced a ban on  all protests.

 The announcement on state television follows a series  of small demonstrations by the Shia minority T Government said the  police would take all measures needed against those who try to  break the law.

 The Chancellor has given his  clearest indication yet that he is planning to help motorists over  rising fuel prices in next month's Budget.

 George Osborne acknowledged  that people felt squeezed by increases in world oil prices.

 A  somewhat risky photo opportunity for the Chancellor, weighing  handfuls of cash at the Royal Mint.

 But George Osborne said he  understood that the mounting costs of many basic goods were placing an  additional strain on every pound in the family purse.

  Fuel prices have been pushed up by the upheavals in the Middle East.

  One Government minister warned they could go far higher.

 Duty is due to  increase next month.

 Today, Mr Osborne gave his clearest signal  yet that he will act to tackle the rising cost of motoring.

 When it  costs £1.

30 for a litre of petrol.

 £80 to fill up a family car, I know  people feel squeezed.

 I say this to people watching - I hear you.

 We  have got another of Labour's pre- prepared rises in petrol tax coming  this April.

 One penny above inflation.

  I won't take risks with economic stability, or wreck the public  finances, but I promise you this, today, I am doing everything I can  to find a way to help families.

 No details yet, but he has now  raised expectations for the Budget, with Labour warning people want  action, not warm words.

 A demonstration by trade unionists  here served as a reminder of the worries about job cuts.

 Mr Osborne  did announce new measures to boost jobs and growth in future.

 Ten new  enterprise zones, offering reduced business rates and less red tape.

  In my Budget in less than three weeks we will confront stagnation  that stands in the way of success.

 Bring down the barriers that stop  Britain getting back on its feet.

 The Budget will be unashamedly pro-  Government, pro-enterprise and aspiration.

 The Prime Minister will  address this conference tomorrow and will promise re-newed efforts  to make it easier for businesses to set up and thrive as part of the  Government's growth strategy.

 Let's speak to Carol now.

 As you were  saying the Prime Minister will speak tomorrow.

 Will we get more  detail on fuel from him, to you think? Unlikely that we're going to  get that tomorrow, Matthew.

 Much more likely we'll get the details  on that in the Budget.

 The Government does recognise the  concerns that an awful lot of people have across the country.

  They are weighing their options.

 Although that planned increase in  fuel duty, inherited there the previous Government will be one of  the first things in their sights.

 For the Prime Minister tomorrow, I  think much more broadly looking at what the Government will do to try  and get growth going and to boost enterprise.

 Not from big Government  handouts, much more removing the restrictions that make it difficult  for businesses to set up and expand.

 Above all he wants to move on from  all the talk that there's been for so many months about cuts, to offer  some positive messages and say that the Government does have concrete  proposals to get the economy moving.

 Thank you.

 The leader of the UKIP  says his party aim is to replace the Liberal Democrats as the third  force in politics.

 He was buoyed up by the strong showing in the  Barnsley Central by-election this week.

 The banking industry has  responded to criticism by the Governor of the Bank of England,  Mervyn King, by insisting it has undergone reforms.

 In an interview  with the Daily Telegraph, he accused the banks of chasing short-  term profits.

 Our business correspondent has this report.

 The  City is one of Britain's key industries.

 Mervyn King is the man  set to police it.

 If the banks thought a line had been drawn under  the line of banker-bashing, the Governor of the Bank of England  wrote that line out today.

 Mervyn Banks still lived a too big to fail  world, in which the state will bail them out on the downside.

  The banking industry is privately livid at his views.

 Today it  reminded Mr King of who was at the wheel before the financial crash  three years ago.

 The bank is an easy target.

 Some did get into  difficulty and everything gets put at our door.

 We were not the ones  who were in charge of the public finances, which resulted in such a  big deficit.

 It was not us that ran the regulators and we were not in  charge of monetary policy either.

 Mr King's comments come as the  banking sector, which is yet to face any new legislation, awaiting  the interim report of the Independent Banking Commission.

  That could change the shape of financial services.

 Today, the  Chancellor who created that commission was visiting a noisy  royal mint, but remaining above the fray.

 We are putting Mervyn King  and the Bank of England in charge.

 We are looking to make sure that  never again is a bank too big to fail and the taxpayer ends up  spending their hard-earned money on bailing out the banks.

 Many will  find the governor's comments incendiary, especially his views on  how banks treat customers.

 The governor will monitor banks'  behaviour in future.

 One suspects relations between the banks and the  governor could be somewhat fraught.

 Now a Spitfire has flown over  Southampton to celebrate the 75th anniversary of its first flight.

 On  5th March, 1936, the aircraft took off on its test flight from an  airfield in the city.

 It became the mainstay of the RAF during the  Second World War.

 Today, it flew over the same spot, one of just 50  Spitfires in the world that are still airborne.

  Match Of The Day follows the news.

 If you don't want to know the  football scores, now is the time to leave the room.

 Arsenal missed out  on the chance to move within a point of the Premier League leaders  Manchester United.

 Arsene Wenger said he was disgusted by a  controversial off-side decision in his side's goalless draw.

  Thomas Hitzlsperger scored in West Ham's game at Stoke.

 It was their  third successful victory.

 James Morrison scored for West Brom, in  their victory at Birmingham City.

 Meanwhile, Bolton and Fulham won 3-  Celtic stretched their lead at the top of the Scottish Premier League  to eight points.

 Kris Commons The Great Britain team won its  first gold medal of the European Indoor Atheletics Championships  this afternoon.

 Mo Farah defended his title in Paris.

  Next to Silva, gold.

 Mo Farah settles for nothing less these days.

  European outdoor champion, of 3,000 indoor seemed like a stroll.

 Farah  was the defending champion.

 He had company.

 In the rest vest the first  man ever to win an athletics medal for Azerbaijan.

 That was a close  one! Mo Farah, defending his title.

 It  is gold for Great Britain.

 Another impressive performance for Farah.

  The Olympics will be more tricky.

 With London looming, French  athletics is making strides.

 Richard Buck grabbed gold for  Britain.

 He set a new national record in the  pole vault and then had a crack at the 100 metres.

  Now, if you are not a fan of footballer's wearing snoods during  matches you will be pleased to hear the neck-wear will be banned on  safety grounds.

 Marouane Chamakh is rarely seen  without his.

 He will not be able to

 Welcome to South East Today.

  Tonight we investigate a huge increase in the theft of diesel and  heating oil as prices spiral.

 If it keeps getting stolen, we will  have to lay off our drivers and pack the business up.

  We have live reports from Chatham and Brighton.

  A Kent teacher is arrested under the Sexual Offences Act accused of  abusing a position of trust.

 Also in tonight's programme:  Privatising our forests - why some people are concerned our woodland  could be sold off to the highest bidder.

  If you have the wrong illness, you won't get one of the new room at  the Pembury Hospital.

 A surge in interest in adult ballet  classes and the ladies who say you are never tutu old!  Good evening.

 Tonight, we are investigating the huge increase in  thefts of fuel across the South East.

 Police say criminal gangs are  targeting homes and farms to steal diesel and heating oil following  spiralling prices.

 Officers claim thieves are using specially-adapted  vehicles with large hidden tanks to carry out their crimes.

 One farmer  fears his business could collapse due to the recent spate of thefts  and in Kent, there have been a number of thefts of heating oil in  the last week.

 We will be talking to Claudia Sermbazis in a moment,  but first let's go to Juliette Parkin who is in Hove.

 Why has  diesel become such a target for look at the prices on the forecourt  to see why.

 The price of diesel here is almost £1.

34 per litre,  that is compared to £1.

10 this time last year.

 The farmer I spoke to  earlier today said he's lost thousands of pounds worth of fuel  to thieves and for a small rural business, that's very hard to  recover from.

 Part of the daily routine, checking  that the fuel put in the night before is still there in the  morning.

 Recent diesel thefts from his lorries have almost cost this  farmer his livelihood.

 Most evenings, I will walk around here  every night and I will sleep in the lorries, the drivers have been  taking it in turns to come in, they will sleep in the lorries, so we  have got a 24-hour presence to catch these people.

 It is such a  valuable commodity and it has such a devastating impact on our  business, we have no choice.

 Soaring fuel prices are thought to  be the cause, but rising prices on the forecourt are not the only  reason why rural properties are being targeted.

 Parts of Kent have  seen a recent rise in fuel thefts.

 It does tend to go in spates.

 We  are in a fairly high activity phase at the moment due to the oil price,  the state of the economy.

 Many farmers want to get on with the job  they love, but protecting their property has become a priority.

  Diesel is our biggest overhead.

 It didn't used to be, it is now by a  long way.

 If it keeps getting stolen, we will have to lay off our  drivers and pack the business up.

 We heard there how desperate  farmers are to protect themselves and their businesses.

 Advice to  those living in rural communities is to install things like lockable  gates, extra security lighting and to inform police of any suspicious  vehicles in the area.

 But it is proving very difficult to catch  these thieves as often they operate under the cover of darkness.

  Thank you.

 Let's go live to our reporter, Claudia Sermbazis, who is  in Chatham.

 We understand that a church has been targeted by heating  oil thieves? That's right.

 The church near made stone has got two  tanks and they only realised that their oil was missing yesterday  when the verger went down to mark the levels of the oil and realised  it was a lot lower than when she last looked.

 On Monday morning,  1,000 litres of oil was delivered to this church.

 Yesterday, two-  thirds of it had vanished.

 We are astonished.

 It's never happened  before, ever.

 The church has been broken into.

 I mean, only about  twice to my knowledge.

 The church had paid £750 for their oil and it  hoped it would last this winter and next.

 The rising price of oil is  believed to be behind the problem.

 Recent thefts include £1,500-worth  taken from two tanks in Stockbury, £400 in Headcorn and £250 in Grafty  Green.

 There are two types of thieves.

 There's organised  criminals that have adapted vehicles, kitted that vehicle with  storage tanks and a mechanical device to siphon the heating oil  off.

 The oldest part of the church dates back to 700 AD.

 The oil was  to be used to heat it on Sundays.

 Kent Police have now arrested two  people.

 They are currently on bail awaiting further investigation.

  They have also found one of those specially-adapted vehicles, that is  thanks to two members of the public who reported them to the police.

  That vehicle is now impounded.

 Thank you.

  A teacher has been arrested at his school under the Sexual Offences  Act accused of suspicion of an abuse of the position of trust.

 Our  reporter, Chrissie Reidy, is outside the specialist sports  college in Cranbrook in Kent for us now.

 What do we know about this  teacher? Well, details are coming through slowly as I am sure you  will understand.

 What I can tell you is on Wednesday 12th Juanjo  Cornwall, a 28-year-old man from made stone and also a PE teacher  here at the Angley Comprehensive was arrested on the school premises  on suspicion of abusing a position of trust.

 Now, Angley Comprehensive  is one of two secondary schools here.

 People in the village  describe it as a decent school.

 It is a mix of youngsters aged between  11 to 18 and around 900 pupils.

 He's been arrested on suspicion of  abusing a position of trust.

 What does that mean? Well, it relates  back to the Sexual Offences Act 2000 whereby any sexual activity or  intimacy between a member of staff and a pupil under the age of 18 can  be deemed a criminal offence.

 It doesn't just apply to teachers, but  anybody in that position of trust working with youngsters, so a  hospital worker to a youth club worker.

 It is still unclear at this  stage how the arrest came about.

 Kent Police are not saying much at  the moment only that Joe Cornwall has been bailed while they continue  their investigation.

 In a moment, the animal rescue  centre overwhelmed by abandoned staffs.

  Thousands of acres of the South East's most valuable forest land  could be sold off to the highest bidder and a possible Government  plan to privatise the Forestry Commission.

 The Commission owns  more than 1,000 woods nationally.

 That accounts for almost a fifth of  all our forests.

 In the South East, there are 20 sites which include  Friston Forest in Sussex, Kings Wood near Ashford and Bedgebury  Forest in Kent from where Yvette Austin reports.

  Even on the wettest of January days, people come to enjoy Bedgebury, its  forest and famous National Pinetum are among the most popular places  to visit in the South East.

 There is a worry that it could be lost  for future generations.

 This is the world-leading collection of  conifers.

 A huge amount of work has gone on here going back to 1925 and  we are leading the world in conifer conservation here.

 This work is now  threatened just by a short-term gain for the Government in selling  off Bedgebury.

 Of course it is not only Bedgebury that is under threat.

  The Forestry Commission owns more than 50,000 acres of woodland  across the South East, managing them in a way that makes it easy  for people to come to visit whilst also protecting the plants and  wildlife.

 Putting right damaged woodland like this area in Sussex  is also an important part of its work.

 The concern is that we have  got ancient woodland which has been planted with conifers during the  1950s.

 This was a very damaging thing to happen.

 The Forestry  Commission has started the process of restoration.

 We are very  concerned that if the sale of these sites go through, that restoration  process will stop and even possibly another round of conifers could be  planted on these sites.

 Forestry Commission land in England was  valued at £700 million last year and cost £15 million to maintain.

  Campaigners argue that it is priceless.

 More people visit the  forests each year than visit the British seaside.

 These are a huge  source of enjoyment to all of us.

 At a really bargain price as well.

  It costs taxpayers less than 30p each to maintain these forests.

  Neither DEFRA or the Forestry Commission are commenting at the  moment.

 The consultation is due to begin towards the end of the month.

  The Politics Show will be discussing that issue with Caroline  Lucas MP on Sunday.

 Plus they will have a fuller interview with Ed  Miliband.

 A 27-year-old has been charged with  the murder of a man who was found dead in his flat.

 Christopher  Hunnisett is accused of murdering Peter Bick in Bexhill on Tuesday  night.

 Hunnisett handed himself in to Hastings police station.

  Detectives have appealed for anyone who knows the whereabouts of Mr  Bick's laptop, hat and ski gloves to get this touch.

 A teenager  responsible for nearly 100 graffiti tags in the Brighton & Hove area  has been fined £1,000 and sentenced to 200 hours of community service.

  Thomas McCatty pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing.

  A Kent-based house building firm say their annual profits are  expected to beat forecasts.

 Bovis Homes reported a 4% rise in average  selling prices and sales completions rose by 5% in 2010.

 The  industry is wary of 2011 amid spending cuts and mortgage lending  constraints.

 Fresh from celebrating a by-election victory in the North  of England, Ed Miliband chose to come to Sussex today as he attempts  to rebuild the party's support in the South East.

 200 people attended  Mr Miliband's first question and answer session since becoming  leader in Hove.

 The Labour Leader wasn't  celebrating his party's by-election victory in Oldham today.

 Instead,  hundreds of miles away he was holding his first meet the public  event in Hove.

 He told the audience.

.

.

 The reputation of  politics is at an all-time low.

 says one of his first tasks is to  rebuild trust in our politicians.

 It is important for me, as Labour  Leader, not to gloat about Our Vic triin Oldham East & Saddleworth but  to say to the voters, "We know we have a long way to travel to win  back trust.

" What do you propose to do to put pressure on these other  countries.

.

.

 More than 200 residents turned up and asked him  about the future of the NHS and bankers' bonuses.

 Mr Miliband says  he does understand why voters in the South East felt ignored by  Labour at the last election and says he's learned lessons.

 I would  say to people in the South East that I understand the way that  people feel financially squeezed, that is why I have been standing up  on issues like tuition fees, child benefit, tax credits, to say this  isn't the right priority.

 And particularly not at a time when you  are cutting taxes on the banks.

 was one of those people that felt  his brother should have won the leadership of the party.

 Now, I'm  very happy.

 He handled that brilliantly.

 This is someone who  wants to get in touch with us and hear from us and to speak very  clearly, I thought on some very difficult questions and being  honest.

 It was good that he did come to Hove.

 It was good that so  many people came who could give their opinions.

 It was good to get  grassroots opinions out to a top politician.

 His fresh ideas message  may have been well received but Mr Miliband is under no illusions  about the scale of the task ahead.

 We do face a massive challenge in  the South East.

 I know it is a long way to travel for us to win back.

  We can't win power unless we win back the trust of voters in the  South East.

 That is why I am here.

 That is why you will be seeing a  lot more of me between now and the general election.

  You can see more of the Ed Miliband interview on  bbc.

co.

uk/louisestewart.

 An animal rescue centre in Sussex  says they are being overwhelmed by the number of abandoned  Staffordshire bull terriers.

 Six out of ten dogs taken to Brighton &  Hove's dog pound are pure or Staffordshire crosses.

  Bella, Janet, Tallulah and Bono - the Staffordshire bull terriers are  looking for a family.

 If they can't be re-homed in seven days, they  will be destroyed.

 None of us are in this particular field of work to  have animals put to sleep.

 We get to know them over the time we have  them.

 The kennel staff are the same.

 If you really do come to the end of  everything that you have tried, to have them put to sleep is really  upsetting for all of us.

 In the past five months, this dog pound in  Sussex has received 134 animals, 89 of them have been Staffordshire  bull terriers or Staffordshire cross breeds, that is 66% of the  total.

 Handlers here say it is a worrying trend.

 In the last five  years, a huge increase in problems with Staffordshire bull terriers.

 I  think it may be linked with the fact that they may be viewed as a  hard dog to have and it's attracted a certain element of society.

  Staffordshires here come from Brighton and the surrounding areas.

  So why do some people feel the need to own these powerful dogs and why  are so many being abandoned? some people, aggressive dogs are  seen as a fashion statement.

 It's kind of a way of marking you out.

  It is a way of saying look, I'm really important, I can handle this  dog.

 I'm a bit threatening as well.

 Take me seriously.

 Brighton & Hove  has a policy of keeping these dogs for a month.

 Other councils will  only do so for seven days.

 With the strain on financial budgets, the  pressure to destroy these dogs is increasing.

  Staffordshire bull terriers are not covered by the Dangerous Dogs Act.

  The RSPCA says the breed's negative image makes it the most unwanted  dog in the country.

 It is a tag that won't help this gang of four  and time is running out.

 It's just gone 6.

45.

 Our top story:  Police say criminal gangs are targeting homes and farms to steal  diesel and heating oil after spiralling prices.

 Officers claim  thieves are using specially-adapted vehicles with large hidden tanks to  carry out their crimes.

 Also in tonight's programme: Hoping  to put a smile on the face of Charlton fans - Chris Powell  returns as manager.

 And called to the bar - the ballet  dancers who say it is never tutu late to go back to class!  Two hospitals, one future, that is the new mission statement of the  NHS Hospital Trust which runs Maidstone Hospital and the new  state-of-the-art hospital at Pembury which will take its first  patients in a few weeks.

 The hospitals will work in tandem  providing specialist centres of excellence for most areas of  medicine.

 This new future will mean that for many patients, they will  now have to travel many miles for their treatment.

  Miles and miles of gleaming corridors, everything here from the  buttons to the beds is brand-new.

 This is Pembury's maternity unit.

  This unit will be really special.

 The facilities are fantastic and a  huge vast improvement on the facilities that we are currently  able to offer women.

 Patients will start filling these beds at the end  of this month, but many in this part of Kent won't necessarily be  able to take advantage of this state-of-the-art hospital.

 While it  is undeniable that the new facilities are very impressive,  what many people in the Tunbridge Wells area don't realise is if they  need a certain operation, or certain specialist care, they won't  get one of these smart private rooms, instead they will have to go  to made stone for treatment.

 Why? The NHS is building what they call  "centres of expertise" centralising specialists and consultants rather  than spreading them over two hospitals.

 Under the plans, women's  and Children's Services, trauma and orthopaedics will move to Pembury.

  Patients having other pre-planned operations will have to go to  Maidstone.

 X perts say this will improve care and save money.

 This  is where cost and quality come together.

 It's much easier to  deliver those high quality services within a constrained budget.

 The  fact they may have to travel to Maidstone for care is news to some  in Tunbridge Wells.

 I don't think everybody really - we certainly  don't know what facilities there are, what services will be provided.

  I suppose it's the price you have to pay for having such a good  hospital.

 You might not be able to use it all the time! You travel for  the best care possible.

 Idealy, it would be where you are.

 What most  patients really want is a nice, clean, local District General  Hospital that provides the basic facilities and service that they  are needing at the time.

 This isn't specific to West Kent, all across  the country the NHS is centralising services.

 The expectation is that  when specialists all work together in the same place, the quality of  care will improve but those specialists may not be on your  doorstep, they may be a 40-minute drive away.

  Some football news.

 Charlton supporters have been reacting with  delight that the former defender Chris Powell has officially been  appointed as the club's new manager.

 The 41-year-old, who was a crowd  favourite, has signed a three-and- a-half year deal.

 Although he has  no managerial experience, many fans are optimistic that he could be the  man to take them back to the glory days.

  As a full-back, Chris Powell played for Charlton when the club was  riding high in the Premiership.

 It is that period of success that the  Addicks are trying to rekindle.

 has been itching to get involved.

  He's been on the coaching side.

 For him to become the manager of  Charlton is fantastic for him and for the fans as well.

 Even before  his appointment was made public social networking sites were full  of speculation.

 The Daily Telegraph Football Correspondent, Henry  Winter tweeted, "Powell wants to manage, knows the game and Charlton,  so he has a good chance.

" Who is Powell? He's just 41, had 256  appearances for Charlton, split into three periods at the end of  the '90s and into the noughties.

 He also played for England five times.

  Crucially, what do the fans think? I think it is a good idea.

 Why?  Because he's one of the original Charlton players.

 He knows how it  should be run.

 He was here long enough.

 It is a good choice.

 He is  an ex-player.

 He knows the club, the history.

 I think they need  someone like that.

 Pleased.

 decades, footballers have come from  multi-cultural backgrounds, but in the world of football management it  is a different story.

 Chris Powell will help to change that.

 I think  there's only two or three black managers in the whole league.

 It is  important for him to lead from the front and also it is important for  younger people who are aspiring to be managers to see somebody and say,  "He is doing really well, I want to copy him.

" Since Charlton were  relegated in 2007, there have been problems on and off the pitch.

 With  new owners and a former player as their new boss, fans are optimistic  about the future.

 Powell will be watching his new  team take on Sheffield Wednesday tomorrow from the directors' box.

  The Addicks beat Wednesday at The Valley last October but they have  dropped away from the automatic promotion places in League One.

  League One leaders Brighton & Hove Albion welcome Peterborough to the  Withdean.

 The club have dismissed concerns that some players are  attracting interest from other clubs during the January transfer  window.

 In League Two, Gillingham's Cody  McDonald, who bagged a hat-trick last weekend, says he's hit top  form at the right time as the Gills look to move into the play-off  places.

 Northampton are the visitors tomorrow.

 It's inspired a  new Hollywood film and catwalk shows, now ballet is getting so  popular that a dance school in East Sussex is having to put on extra  classes.

 It is not just young girls who want to wear a tutu, adults are  queuing up to learn as well.

 There's something different about  this ballet class.

 There's not a child in sight.

 There's been such a  rise in the number of adults wanting to join that Brighton  Ballet School has had to put on extra classes.

 Now they are running  sessions six nights a week for more than 60 women.

 I'm very busy.

  There's been some celebrities that have taken up ballet.

 I think it is  always popular.

 What we do is unique.

 When people do find that  there is an adult ballet class, they generally tend to think, "I'm  going to do that.

" Ballet has had the Hollywood treatment.

 Next week  Black Swan starring Natalie Portman will be released in the UK.

 And  it's even inspiring fashion.

 This dress by Chanel's Karl Lagerfeldt.

  I did ballet as a child.

 I thought that was a good exercise to do.

  professionals agree.

 It is a cool hobby.

 If I wasn't a dancer, I  think I would have done some kind of ballet.

 But for some women, it's  just the chance to fulfil a childhood dream.

 I'm 42 now, and it  is the dream, isn't it, it is being Cinderella, the Princess.

 The  ability to get your shoes on, to pretend you are dancing to Swan  Lake.

 For all those frustrated ballerinas out there, who as  children never quite got the starring role, it seems it's never  too late.

 I used to do it for years and I  tried it again recently, but I couldn't remember any of it! It was  too embarrassing.

 I never did ballet!  LAUGHTER Let's get a check on the We had the coldest December on  record for December 2010.

 An average temperature of minus 1  Celsius.

 Five degrees below the long-term average.

 We thought we  were doing pretty well at the start of the week.

 We topped out at 8  Celsius.

 In the last couple of days, we have reached 13 Celsius.

 Yes, if  it is not the snow, it's been the rain that we have had to contend  with.

 We have had some very heavy downpours today.

 It is now clearing  away, so it will be dry for much of the night.

 But you can see still  those tight isobars.

 That means it will be staying very windy.

 Wind  also be a big feature for the rest of the weekend.

 At least it is dry  tonight.

 It will stay very cloudy and yes it will stay very windy, so  although temperatures slightly lower than last night, it is still  on that mildish side.

 First thing tomorrow morning, it may be a  little bit damp.

 A little bit of light rain and drizzle here and  there.

 By mid-morning, that will fizzling out.

 Most of Saturday will  be dry.

 We are still struggling with the sunshine amounts.

 It is  going to stay very grey and windy.

 Staying mild, highs eventually of  12 or 13 Celsius.

 For Sunday, I think it's a similar day for us,  really.

 We will be seeing this weather front starting to encroach  upon us.

 It will take all day long to get there.

 So a similar day for  Sunday.

 Mostly dry.

 But by the end of the day on Sunday, and for the  start of next week, that rain is

 Tonight: As Nick Clegg arrives in  the north of Scotland tomorrow the Scottish Liberal Democrats are  doing badly in the opinion polls and have to fight an election in a  few months.

 So could cutting petrol prices give them a much-needed  boost? I will ask the Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny  Alexander what has happened to his flagship plan to cut fuel prices in  rural areas.

 Also, Scottish unemployment is down  a little for the second month running.

 Good news, or are we about  to follow the rest of the country, where unemployment is rising?  The higher than expected cost of living rise announced earlier this  week has given an extra edge to complaints about high petrol prices.

  It is a particular issue for the Lib Dems, who have a number of MPs  in the Highlands and he desperately want to convince voters that the  coalition government is working.

 What has happened to their plans to  cut fuel prices in rural areas? In a moment I will be asking the Chief  Secretary to the Treasury, Danny Alexander, but first this report.

  A toxic combination of escalating oil costs and increasing taxes  means the Costa fuel has been rising, with some of the highest  prices in rural parts of Scotland.

 -- the cost of Deal has been rising.

  There was a stark warning from the motor industry lobby group this  week, which said filling stations with completely disappear from  parts of Scotland by the end of the decade, creating a rural fuel  desert.

 In places like the Highlands and Islands, a car is  regarded as a necessity, not a luxury, and the cost of petrol has  a massive impact our lives.

 So here in Shetland, drivers pay around 20  pence per litre more than in Edinburgh.

 It is becoming a joke.

  The British Government is fleecing people in rural areas like no other  governments in Europe is doing.

 Something has to be done for the  rural areas.

 Being a taxi driver, the high diesel cost has cut our  profits like you would not believe, and it is liable to go up even more.

  It is rocketing at an alarming rate.

 The Scottish Road Haulage  Association says rising prices at the pump will hinder economic  recovery.

 We have another 3.

5 pence fuel duty  increase probably on the first of April.

 Then the VAT on top of that,  that will chrysotile not just the haulage industry but all businesses  and all car users, even those on buses will spend extra money  because they can't keep affairs where they are with the constant  increase, it is time the Government got a grip.

  PRESENTER: There have been repeated calls to help protect rural areas,  but it plans discount on fuel in remote communities will not now be  in the Budget in March.

 This was an election pledge from the Liberal  Democrats.

 The Chief Secretary to the Treasury, who has a Highland  constituency, promised action last year, but crucially did not provide  a date.

 We want to introduce a pilot scheme that will deliver a  five pence duty discount on a metre of fuel in the Inner and Outer  Hebrides, the Northern Isles and the Isles of Scilly.

 When the  Liberal Democrats entered the coalition government everything in  the garden seemed rosy.

 Up the party now faces a backlash over  tuition fees.

 -- but the party.

 Nick Clegg is visiting the North of  Scotland tomorrow, where you will find the delay in addressing the  rural fuel issue is angering many.

 The Lib Dems in the coalition will  undoubtedly have the best interests of the UK at heart.

 But they may  also have an eye on the prospects for Holy rude colleagues in the  coming Scottish election.

 The party's strength in Scotland is  in rural and highland and island areas.

 Already opinion polling is  indicating the party is having problems north of the border.

 A  recent poll has said the Lib Dems have halved their support across  Scotland since last summer.

 The drop is significantly less in  Highland heartlands.

 The party's activists will be well aware of the  sensitivity of the petrol price issue as you get further north.

  Hell would freeze over before they lost Orkney and Shetland, but the  other seats in the Highlands must be under threat, two of their  veteran MSPs are standing down.

 A big SNP challenge by in both those  seats.

 The expectation would be they would hang onto them, but it  is a very big if, especially if people take umbrage at the way they  have been promised so much and achieved so little.

  The lack of action is fuelling the growing discontent in rural  communities.

 A short while ago the chief secretary to the Treasury,  also the MP for Inverness, Danny Alexander, came into our London  studio.

 I asked him the price of petrol in  his local filling station.

 I filled up with diesel at a filling station  in Inverness on Friday afternoon last week and it was about £1.

33  for diesel at that stage.

 That is too high? The high prices of petrol  and diesel are causing real problems for an awful lot of people.

  The price rise, not least caused by rising oil prices, has been  significant.

 What we are trying to do through the discount scheme  applying to islands communities is to relieve particularly a prices in  the parts of the country like the Western Isles, Orkney and Shetland,  the Hebrides and Isles of Scilly where the prices are highest and  people can't do much about it because they are not public  transport alternatives.

 That is the recognition.

.

.

 When will that  happen? Say that again? When will that happen? Relaunch the policy in  October, we started immediately conversations with the European  Committee.

 -- relaunched the policy in October.

 We need a large as the  formal approval of the European Commission but also the unanimous  approval of all 27 European member- states.

 We are working as hard as  we can to get is implemented and we have had very productive  discussions with the European Commission.

 They are ongoing and we  will get it in force as soon as we can, but because of the European  process it is protracted, unfortunately.

 Alastair Carmichael  appeared to suggest yesterday that a formal application to the  European Commission had not been submitted and would not be until  after the Budget.

 We will make the formal application as soon as we  can.

 Before or after the Budget? will not give a timetable.

 We are  working fast on this.

.

.

 Why can't you give a timetable? We are  engaged in formal discussions which are going well.

 If we can make a  formal application more quickly then of course we will, but that is  only one stage in the process.

 We would like to gather the evidence  alongside having these informal negotiations.

 I would say this, I,  along with other MPs, pressed the previous Labour government to do  this for years and years.

 If they started this when they could have,  the policy would be in place.

 This government has moved very quickly  to recognise particularly the pressures on the remote island  communities, where getting on with his as quickly as possible and as  soon as we are in a position to secure that European Agreement,  which I hope we will, and I will battle hard to make sure we do,  then I look forward very much to getting that policy in place.

  is the earliest date at which this policy could be in place? As I said,  the European process has, unfortunately, are protracted.

 We  have to have negotiations with the European Commission and then  agreement in the Council.

 We will move that forward as quickly as we  can, but it will be some months before the policy could be in place.

  But clearly by assembling the evidence, making a strong case at a  European level for this policy, the Government and the Treasury  particularly is working to ensure we get this 5p discounts on a litre  of fuel in place in those island communities as soon as possible.

  What would you say to your colleague have fish stock -- Tavish  Scott who set last October that the Commission must be pushed by the UK  government to give its consent without delay? I would say that he  is absolutely right and that is what we are dealing.

 You might like  to redefine for him the words without an delayed? Not at all.

  Given that people in the Highlands and islands come paid for this for  very many years, the previous government refused even to  countenance the idea, they said it could not be done and argued, for  example, that the higher price of a metre of fuel in the islands was  the moral equivalent of a high price of a pint of beer in London,  you now have a government taking this issue forward very rapidly,  which for the first time has recognised we can do something  through the fuel duty system to relieve those pressures on islands  communities.

 People on those islands very much welcome it.

 They  want us to get on with it, but we are getting on with it as quickly  as we can.

 In the short term to relieve some of the pressure, you  could not put fuel duty up in the Budget.

 This time last the AU were  demanding the government should not put fuel duty up in the Budget,  would you like to make the same demand of yourself and George  Osborne? I would not.

 What I would say to you is Chancellors will  announce tax and duty policy in the Budget, it would not be right for  me to do that now and nor would you expect it.

 Why not? You could quite  easily say we will not put fuel duty up? Any announcements of that  sort are made at Budget time, that is the proper way.

 Your  constituents would say to you you have been fast enough to announce  the cuts you are making.

 On the cuts, we took considerable time to  consult and discuss and plan before we announced them.

 We took six  months of that entire process.

 On this, the idea that we are looking  at, which has been put forward, is the idea of a fair fuel stabiliser,  which we are examining at the moment to see if it can be done.

 It  is complicated and technical and we need to ensure we are examining  this from every perspective.

 But clearly that is an idea which could  potentially allow some of the pain of higher prices to be shed.

 We are  considering that but we have to look at it properly and in detail  and in the light of the necessary action we have to take to repair  the huge hole in the public finances left by the previous  You are saying you have no plans not to go ahead with the planned  3.

5 pence Early to increase in the Budget, but you will consider some  sort of fuel price stabiliser, is that right? What I am saying, the  Chancellor has to announce this.

 Of the particular proposal we are  looking at is this fair fuel stabiliser that has been put  forward by the Conservatives, which has been well debated, and where we  need to look at whether it can be delivered.

 Are you in favour of  that? You ridiculed it before the election.

 It is something we are  looking at as a Government, and there are complications with it.

 In  terms of our over arching policy, the most important thing for the  economy and in rural economies -- areas is that we reduce the deficit  which relies on text revenues coming in.

 The Labour Party put in  duty increases for the next few years, which are part of the plans  for revenue coming in, so we have to look at all of those things in a  measured and considered way, and that is what we are doing.

  trouble with this is that people in the North of Scotland will watch  this and think, hang on, Danny Alexander, he is one of us, the  chief secretary of the Treasury as well, and we hope you will give us  a sense that these fuel prices, which we are having to deal with,  they might be dealt with.

 But what he's saying is they might be a  policy of for the islands, not the main mind, at some time in the  future, and it is unlikely the fuel duty will not go up in the Budget,  although he will not said that officially.

 And there might be some  sort of fuel stabiliser, but they might not.

 It doesn't amount to raw  beans, does it? I recognise the pressures that the high price of  fuel puts on people and that is why we are taking forward actively and  are committed to delivering the fuel duty discount for remote  island communities that we have announced, that we are considering  whether it is possible to deliver the fur fuelled stabiliser.

 Those  are things the previous Government and never even bothered to do.

 It  is pretty retro of desperate SNP politicians who fail to do anything  for Scotland to suddenly jump on this bandwagon when you have a  Government which finely for the first time for many years  recognises that particularly for the remote people there is a  problem more we have to deal with for.

 You know even be on the  question of fuel prices, you and your fellow MPs in the Highlands,  and Islands, to convince your constituents that it was worth you  and your alliance with the Conservative Party, you've got to  show them it is actually delivering something for them.

 This was  something you promised to do.

 From their point of view, you just not  doing it.

 I don't think is how my constituents see it.

 They see a  Government taking seriously though issue of fuel prices.

 It has  delivered investment in high-speed broadband for the Highlands, which  no Government has managed before.

 This is a Government that takes the  interests of the Highlands and Islands seriously unlike the Labour  Party which systematically ignored them.

 And unlike the SNP which has  been to centralise power out of the islands and suck it two Edinburgh.

  It will not take lessons from firm to act in the best interests of the  people of the islands.

 Unemployment fell slightly for the  second month in a row.

 The economy also grew slightly in a low last  quarter of last year, so is the worst over? There may be a catch  with the figures themselves.

 Today's unemployment numbers for  Scotland a positive, and its the second consecutive month of  improvement.

 There are 5,000 fewer Scots seeking work.

 For the UK as a  whole, unemployment went up for a second consecutive month.

 Economic  growth data, too, show improvement although the picture is complex.

  GDP grew in a third quarter by half a 1% which is not bad but slightly  weaker than the UK figure, most of the growth was attributed to the  construction sector will.

 Most reaction was less than cheerful.

  The Institute of Directors spoke of a jobless and join us economic  recovery.

 The Scottish TUC said the Scottish Labour market faces a grim  2011, and CBI Scotland said the over all growth figure masks other  problems in the economy.

 I am joined by John McLaren, the  economist with the Centre for Public Policy for the regions.

  First of all, unemployment figures.

 It is good.

 There was a worrying  trend last year, where it was going up.

 If we are tracking the rest of  the UK, that went up.

 It is a good quarter, but we are still worse off  in the UK as a whole, if you look at a year ago.

 We have got back  some of the position that we were worse off by then, but a quarter by  quarter, it is fairly fluid, people moving off, not going on to claim  and so on.

 The most hopeful thing is that unemployment is not getting  worse at the minute, although we have got the public sector cuts to  come, which will test the waters a little bit and more.

 The other  worrying thing is people that have been unemployed for more than 12  months are starting to be twice the rate it was a year ago.

 This is  when people start to lose their skills.

.

.

 I have a copy of the  Scottish Daily Mail.

 Under 25 on the scrap heap, it says.

 More gloom  ahead.

 That seems to be a particular issue.

 What about the  GDP figures? It is an extraordinary rise, 6% growth in construction in  the third quarter.

 The Scottish Government says that is because we  brought forward spending on infrastructure when we were allowed  to do so by the Treasury.

 Does that explain it? Is there something odd  about the figures? It may help to explain it, but I.

.

.

 Construction  has risen by 17% in the last three quarters which is staggering.

 It is  at the highest level ever.

 This is on the back of the last set of  figures which completely rebuilt the construction series of data for  the last 10, 15 years, and changed it from one of the fastest growing  industries from the mid-90s to one of the slowest, without any  explanation, and all of a sudden, 17% growth.

 I think it is good news  in terms of quarterly growth, but it is based on something which I  think is not a particularly robust series of data, plus it is unlikely  construction is going to be maintained as a growth industry.

  That means that looking forward, it doesn't look very hopeful.

 It is an  issue, because even during the last boom, people like yourself were  saying that these gross value added figures look a bit iffy.

 Either  they are out of date, all they are posing so many questions about so  many things.

 Can we take anything from them other than the trend the  economy is growing? According to the two sets of data we have for  Scottish GDP, Scotland has been growing faster than the UK since  2003 on an annual basis.

 Not an insignificant amount.

 Nobody seems  to have taken the credit for that, almost as they don't believe it.

  Every political party says that improving the growth rate is an  important goal, but if you can't trust the GDP figures, how do you  tell if your 6CD will not in reaching that goal? -- succeeding.

  Looking at the papers.

 The Scottish economy is poised to slide into  reverse.

 A 2011 slowdown is predicted.

  The Daily Mail, growth, experts

 Tonight's top stories: 100s of  children in care in Kent have been left at risk of harm, says an  urgent review of Children's Services.

 And we were not at  rigorous in applying been necessary disciplines around front line  social care.

 A man who loved his dogs - tributes  to the Sussex father who drowned after diving into the sea to save  his pets.

 Also in tonight's programme: Fair  Fuel for all - why our lorry drivers are squaring up for a  battle over diesel prices.

 Creating the all England coastal  path - but will it be £50 million We meet the woman who fakes food  Good evening.

 Hundreds of children in care have been left at risk of  harm, that's the finding of an urgent review into Kent County  Council Children's Services.

 It follows a damning Ofsted inspection,  which concluded that the service provided was inadequate.

  Tonight, it's been revealed that the managing director is to leave  her post and the authority has vowed to make child protection its  number one priority.

 Kent County Council's cabinet  meeting today accepted transforming tram -- social work with children  prevents a challenge.

 That is after OFSTED concluded some children had  been left at risk of significant harm.

 We were not Riddick --  rigorous in applying the necessary disciplines around frontline social  care.

 We have to make sure we are religious in making sure those  disciplines are instilled in front line practice.

 This is the face of  a man who has come to represent the failings.

 Christopher Sellman  killed his baby daughter, Tiffany, in Tunbridge Wales despite being  raised by a social worker.

 This was a case of human error.

 What you  have to remember his children's social services were not working  with this family and had no reason to work with his family.

 OFSTED  found huge part of the childcare system were inadequate.

 KCC said it  had reviewed six thousands of its active cases and 541 of them,  concerns have been made.

 Problems include delays in decisions and  drifts in care planning.

 The managing director is taking  voluntary redundancy.

 KCC that is part of a restructuring of  management.

 We were promised things were being done and it turns out  they were not.

 I'm glad now they are tackling this issue seriously.

  For this document drawn up here at County Hall, outlines page after  page of changes needed to bring things up to scratch.

 At this  moment in time, vulnerable children perhaps are not as safe as they  should be.

 Kent County Council said tonight it is establishing an  improvement board and is taking on more social workers and all cases  raising concerns have now been So how bad did things get? The  Ofsted inspection concluded that the overall effectiveness of KCC's  safeguarding services was inadequate.

 The capacity for  improvement was inadequate.

 And the overall effectiveness of services  for children in care was also In the light of this, we have to  examine a situation before they reach this critical stage.

 There is  a book up to it and we have to have a more robust monitoring and  auditing of services at the highest level.

  Kent County Council admit they had a shortage of social workers,  leaving staff struggling to cope with unmanageable workloads, but  why? Well in the wake of the death of Baby Peter in Haringey, child  protection referrals in Kent went up by 21%.

 KCC had a 26% vacancy  rate for social workers last February, that's come down to 9%  now.

 And the authority's looking to recruit 28 new social workers to  strengthen its child protection teams.

  Simon Jones is live in Tunbridge Wells, where Christopher Sellman  killed his baby daughter, Tiffany.

 Simon, what reaction has there been  there to KCC's promise to change I spoke to the stepfather who  raised concerns about the consent - - safety of baby to flee.

 He wished  to have been better processes in place to save baby Tiffany.

  The redundancy is taken into effect in later March.

 She will get a  redundancy payment like other employees but they will not say how  much.

 As for the leader of the Labour group, he says he would  rather see politicians stand up and I'm joined in the studio by child  protection expert, Chris Mills, who's a former policy adviser for  the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.

  Out of their cases reviewed, 9% of them are found to be wanting.

  a major problem and what you would expect after an OFSTED report like  this.

 The case that really any authority would your cat has a  number that are worrying.

 Is the real problem may have here that  they haven't got enough social workers to do the case properly?  There is a national shortage of child protection social workers.

 It  has been going on since the mid- 1990s.

 Most local authorities are  submitted those in Kent.

 They come authorities which have bad OFSTED  reports put in extra resources and recruit extra social workers by  giving them better terms and conditions.

 The problems spread  some wells.

 The County Council say they are doing everything they can  to put this right.

 They want to have a gold standard.

 I would think  child protection work, you are talking about 15 cases maximum.

 I  think one of the real problems is it is not just a war number of  social numbers -- workers, it is how long they have been with the  authority and how long they have been in child protection work that  counts.

 There is a shortage of experienced people.

  And you can see an extended version of our interview with the Kent  County Council leader, Paul Carter, In a moment, she terrorised her  neighbours - the woman jailed for a string of arson attacks going back  He died after jumping into the sea in treacherous conditions to try to  save his pets.

 Tonight, Kevin Reynolds' daughters have described  him as an animal lover who treated his dogs as part of the family.

 He  drowned on Saturday, after following the animals into the sea  in Brighton.

 But his 13-year-old daughter, who jumped in after him,  was pulled to safety by passers-by.

 For the daughters of Kevin Reynolds,  it is some comfort that one of his beloved dogs survived.

 He followed  them into the sea when they got into difficulty.

 His actions are no  surprise.

 They are the brave and very proud of him.

 We couldn't  imagine it any other way.

 If the dogs ran in, there would not be an  option for him not to rent in after them.

 He wouldn't have been  thinking, he was acting on impulse.

 Mr Reynolds and his youngest  daughter, Grace, had been walking along Brighton Beach when the docks  went into the water.

 He followed them and when he's tried -- started  to struggle, his daughter followed him in.

 She was pulled clear by a  passer-by who also tried to save his father.

 She is in a state of  shock.

 She has had a double trauma.

 Her life has been put at risk and  she has seen what happened with my dad.

 Kevin Reynolds was a plumber  by trade but also loved art and music.

 Here, with all five of his  children at a festival, they are still struggling to believe he has  gone.

 Everyone said he was a legend and how funny he was and what such  good company he was.

 He was pretty unique and I know everyone says  that about his loved ones but he was.

 The body of his dog, Mali, was  washed ashore yesterday.

 The family said he would be cremated and his  ashes are buried with his master.

 It is a terrible situation.

 Some  did try and help in the rescue of Mr Reynolds.

 Several people went  into the water and managed to pull his daughter to safety.

 BC's were  incredibly rough and he was swept out more than 30 metres towards the  peer.

 The coastguard said the water would have been very cold and  hyperthermia and cold shock would have set in quickly.

 He was pulled  on to a lifeboat and was airlifted to hospital but after three hours  of treatment, it was not enough and they were not able to save his life.

  Kent Police have launched a murder investigation, following the death  of a man who was assaulted in Murston near Sittingbourne.

 Adrian  Milner, who was 48, was punched to the ground in Church Road on  December 28th.

 He died in hospital yesterday.

  The Transport Minister, Theresa Villiers, has agreed to meet Kent  MPs to discuss their concerns about the performance of the rail company,  Southeastern.

 It follows severe disruption to trains in November  and December, when snow and ice brought services to a standstill.

  MPs have also called for an independent audit of the company's  A man from Hastings who bit off a chunk of his girlfriend's lip  during a drunken row, has been given a 12 month suspended jail  sentence.

 Christopher Chaloner, seen here in the middle, pleaded  guilty to unlawful wounding at an earlier hearing.

 He was ordered to  Hauliers campaigning against rising petrol and diesel costs are calling  for the public to back them and help force prices down.

 The Fair  Fuel campaign is being led by the Kent businessman, Peter Carroll,  who helped Joanna Lumley take on the Government over rights for  former Gurkhas in 2009.

 Paul Siegert, is live in Dartford.

 Are  we set for a return of the blockades that brought roads to a  standstill 11 years ago? Take your mind back to those events  in 2000.

 They wanted to blockade the oil refineries and lead to a  shortage at the petrol pumps.

 This time round they are urging people  using the Dartford crossing tonight to use the internet to sign these  are like petitions to force the Government to take action.

 In the  past 12 months, diesel has risen by so much that for some motorists, it  costs £100 to fill a tank.

 The AA claimed motorists are spending £10  million a day more on fuel than this time last year.

 The current  price in the South East for a litre of petrol is 127.

5 pence.

 The  diesel is 132.

5.

 Last month, by fears that prices were 5p a litre  cheaper.

 This time last year and Petra was 111p a litre and diesel  was 109.

 What I am saying to people with the Fair Fuel, as if you get  behind me, we would to a proper campaign.

 We live in a democracy.

  If we can get millions of people behind us, the Government will have  to listen.

 It is not just the road transport industry that is feeling  the pinch.

 Taxi drivers have seen their profits eaten into.

 I am  suffering at the moment.

 Drivers are absorbing the prices.

 It is  costing as 30 to £40 a week extra added is taken out of our earnings  every week.

 The protests of 2000 did force the Government to act.

  The many which apparently gives an extra income to the Treasury isn't  as straightforward as that.

 Increased fuel duty all prices  increases demand and has a knock-on effect in terms of what consumers  spend.

 It affects them in a different way.

 It is not true to  assume an increase in fuel prices leads to extra income to the  Government.

 A cost could go higher with a another hike in April.

 Some  good news for motorists at the Dartford crossing today, the  Government are pledging to get rid of the Tolbooth by the end of next  year, by the end of 2012.

 Anyone that uses it now it is the pay  barriers that can lead to long delays.

 When they go, they will be  replaced by an automatic numberplate recognition system  based on the London congestion is a member that will we have to be paid  for.

 Some may have to pay more to use the crossing.

 A serial arsonist  who repeatedly targeted her vulnerable and elderly neighbours  has been jailed indefinitely at Maidstone Crown Court.

 Barbara  Gordon Jones carried out more than 13 attacks over 10 years, including  setting fire to a 96 year old Putting lives at risk by setting  fire to neighbour's property.

 Barbara Gordon Jones struck fear  into normally peaceful communities.

 The car was completely a light.

  Angela was a repeat victim.

 Barbara Gordon Jones set fire to her Mini  convertible into 1008.

 Four months later the replacement was torched.

  I feel sick.

 Every day I go to bed and still sleep with their lights  on downstairs to make me feel happier somebody knows I am in.

  Barbara Gordon Jones carried out 13 arson attacks in 10 years.

  Committing offences in many different places.

 There she set  fire to flats for the elderly.

 Incredibly dangerous because the  point of the way she said the fire was the only exit route for these  victims who were very elderly, up to 96 years of age.

 Slashing car  roofs and tyres, poisoning fish and starting blazers, some became so  nervous they boarded up their letterboxes.

 It was a living  nightmare, not knowing what was going to happen early hours of the  morning which is when she used to do what she had done.

 What  motivated her to target her neighbours and to set so many  potentially taught -- lethal fires remains unclear.

 In court it was  revealed she suffers from a personality disorder and exhibits  narcissistic traits.

 Although she received a minimum term of five  years, Barbara Gordon Jones will only be released when she is no  longer considered to pose a danger Our top story tonight: Hundreds of  vulnerable children have been left at risk of harm, that's the finding  of an urgent review into Kent County Council Children's Services.

  The managing director is to leave her post and the authority has  vowed to make child protection its I'm going to give the last browny  as a prize to the saddest axe at here.

 It is warming up once again  Work to create one of the first stretches of an all-England coastal  path is due to begin in Kent later this year.

 But tonight, critics are  questioning whether the multi- million pound project should be  allowed to go ahead, following the economic downturn.

 The first  stretch of the path should be open in time for the 2012 Olympics, with  the entire scheme set to cost around £50 million.

 And in Kent, a  20 mile route between Ramsgate and Dover is due to open in 2015.

 Robin  It will create an uninterrupted -- walk around the coast.

 A way of  experiencing our island heritage.

 Great for families, a dream for  ramblers.

 It is absolutely fantastic news.

 I can't think of  any large, Major, plot of land like the UK there will have a coastal  path that will run all way around.

 It would be an international  attraction.

 One of the first links will be here between Ramsgate and  Dover.

 Work is due to start in the coming months.

 Is everyone  delighted? Stupid, stupid, stupid idea.

 How on earth can any  Government in the current crisis, contemplate spending what they say  is going to be £50 million on a coastal path? There are concerns  for people whose borders a broader the walks.

 This is about securing  the coastline and all the evidence suggests what the public wants us  the confidence and certainty that when they reached the coast, they  can turn left or right.

 This is based on what the public are asking  for.

 The project has been out to consultation and scrutiny.

 Natural  England remains confident that whatever stormy winds lay ahead, it  will happen eventually.

 Maybe not now.

 At least according to the Kent  MP who chaired the committee which looked at this project.

 I can't see  the money being put up front where we are in this state financially.

  Those that of gagging for this are going to have to wait.

 A coastal  path may involve a lot more uphill than down.

  And you can find out more about the potential impact of the scheme on  bird life by watching Inside Out She's worked on some of Hollywood's  biggest blockbusters, creating the most mouthwatering dishes you're  ever likely to see.

 But they say if something looks too good to be true,  it probably is.

 Food stylist, Christine Greaves, from Tunbridge  Wells, has used some rather unlikely ingredients to create on-  screen feasts for movies such as Chocolat, Notting Hill and Harry  Potter.

 And she's been telling Chrissie Reidy some of the tricks  Let the Feast begin.

 Well the actors focus on the lines, it is  the food that takes centre stage.

 You have to love food, love the  look of food.

 Love it really an see beauty and gravy.

 In Christine's  kitchen, nothing is as it seems.

 This is your toolbox, your tricks  of the trade.

 Can I have a look? People try and sneak looks in here.

  Marmite and gravy browning.

 This is to cover any bits that have not  caught so well on a bit of chicken.

 I will have to retire if they stop  producing these.

 In any film where food is involved, there is always a  downside.

 I will give their last browny as a prize.

 When they were  going for the last chocolate brownie, they were looking forward  to it but after shooting a scene for so many times, they never want  to see one again.

 It is not just movies where she has worked her  magic.

 The difference between a commercial and a movie is that in a  movie, the food is a prop.

 In a commercial, the food is the hero,  this staff.

 It is probably a commercial about food.

 It has to be  gorgeous.

 And if you have ever wondered how they keep the food  piping hot.

.

.

 Tampons! Soak them in water, give them a blast in the  microwave, put them behind a plate and you have steam.

 If you are  tempted by a culinary delights, remember it may be too good to be  true.

 Kent's Gemma Arterton is one of  five actors who've been shortlisted In football, it's David against  Goliath as Crawley Town take on Derby County in the third round of  the FA Cup this evening, the biggest game in the club's history.

  The Reds are the last non-league side left in the competition and  4,000 fans are expected to pack into the Broadfield Stadium.

  Brighton & Hove Albion will travel to Watford in round four, after  knocking out Portsmouth at the weekend.

  But non-league Dover's dreams of a giantkilling act were crushed at  Huddersfield, and Charlton were Stout defending prevented them from  getting a deserved goal.

 The FA Cup remains a trophy of dreams for  clubs in lower divisions.

 By the end, the crowd cheered Dover's  performers.

 They were up against a tough side.

 The side is flying high  in Division One.

 Found it tough against a good side.

 All in all it  was a terrific day.

 Brighton are playing like they are enjoying life.

  They are at the top of League One and have a draw against Watford.

  Thoughts of moving past Watford to live above them shouldn't be too  daunting.

 Charlton's bad week continue.

 The manager will have to  pick players up following the defeat to Spurs.

 They have to  concentrate on getting automatic promotion to the championship.

  In League Two, Jilly I'm looks barking after they put five past  After one of the coldest December is on record, we will be falling  out this January.

 It will be mild It was very cold this morning.

 We  were down to minus four Celsius.

 We did eventually get up to eight  Celsius.

 For the latter half of this week, we will be up around 13  Celsius.

 We will be paying for that with a lot of wet and windy weather.

  There'll -- they will be sweeping around and we may have some  problems with flooding as well later this week.

 There is going to  be some heavy downpours tomorrow morning.

 We will be frost-free and  temperatures not much lower than around five Celsius.

 A soggy start  tomorrow morning bed by the time most of us head out to work, the  rain will have cleared.

 Much of Tuesday will be dry.

 It will stay  quite breezy.

 Highs of around eight Celsius.

 Perhaps a bit of  brightness by the end of the day if you are lucky.

 A repeat performance  for us as we go on into Tuesday night and Wednesday.

 The next band  of wet weather is lining itself up and will be moving in for a Tuesday  night.

 Another wet start for us on Wednesday.

 It looks as if that rate  would be reluctant to move away.

 Wet and windy weather to come by  Wet and windy weather to come by the end of the week.

  Here at BBC South East, we'd like to know what you think of  programmes on the BBC.

 We're looking for new members for our  Regional Audience Council which

 Kicked and punched on her doorstep  for £30 pounds.

 Her horrified family appeal for information.

  can't believe anyone would do this to a 92-year-old lady.

 It's just  absolutely appalling.

 Good evening.

 Welcome to North West  Tonight.

 I'm Gordon Burns.

 And I'm Ranvir Singh.

 Also in the  programme: Don't blame it on the weather.

 The  postal watchdog threatens Royal Mail with the regulator over delays.

  We can have situations where Royal Mail are in denial about the scale  of the problem or try to Bobby of on an issue now a month old, the  weather.

 Catching the big fish.

 Fleetwood  one step away from a "plaice" in football history.

  And piggy in the middle - the pet caught between the council and his  fans.

 We come every dinner time and see him.

  REPORTER: What, two feet Patrick? For more than 40 years, Edith  Brickhill lived happily in her home in Moston in north Manchester.

 Now  the 92-year-old is terrified of returning there.

 She was viciously  attacked on the doorstep and left with terrible injuries.

 And all for  the sake of a few pounds.

 Her family hope that by publicising the  case, someone somewhere will tell the police who did it.

 Archie  reporter has been to meet Mrs Brickhill and her daughter.

 -- our  chief reporter.

 She is frail and frightened and no  wonder.

 Edith Brickhill so that these awful injuries in the place  where she should have felt safest.

 Her own home.

 I cannot believe  anyone would do this to a 92-year- old lady.

 It is just absolutely  appalling.

 It was about 7pm.

 It had gone to let her dog out into the  garden when someone punched her to the ground.

 As she lay on the floor  in agony, he stepped over her into the house and stole money from her  handbag, about £30.

 REPORTER: What effect has all this  had on her apart from the physical scars? If C has been very subdued.

  She is frightened to go home.

 She has said she is afraid this person  will come back and kill her.

 I just think it is awful that people are  made to feel like that when they have lived happily, and she has  been a very independent lady for her age.

 The choir has shocked  people in the area of Moston where she lives.

 Absolutely awful.

 A lot  of people are very nervous, a lot of the older ladies.

 After 6pm you  are too scared to go out.

 REPORTER: What would you like to  say to anyone who did this? -- one who knows who did this? Coming  forward and let's catch the person who did this.

 It will take her a  long time to recover.

 Who knows how long it will take? Or if she will  ever feel comfortable about going back to her home anyway.

 The police  say around he was arrested on suspicion of assault has been  released on police bail pending Merseyside Police are appealing for  witnesses after a man was shot dead in Fazakerley yesterday.

 They say  they discovered 25-year-old Joseph Cummins on Longmoor Lane.

 He died  later in hospital.

 If the area has been sealed off.

 A postmortem is  due to be carried out a row.

 A coroner has recorded a verdict of  suicide on a man who set himself alight in Blackpool.

 The inquest  heard how Ian Foster's mother had begs authorities to section him as  she thought she might kill himself.

 However, at -- the coroner accepted  doctors had no legal right to detain him.

  The brother of a Harry Potter actress who assaulted her because  her boyfriend was not Ms Lynne has been jailed for six months.

 Ashraf  Azad assaulted his 22 euros sister Afshan at their home in May last  year.

 She had refused to give evidence and sent a letter to the  court saying she had forgiven her brother.

  The final part of the Mumps bridge in Oldham will be removed this  weekend.

 The Mumps map -- Mumps roundabout will be closed from 7pm  tonight until 6am on Monday.

 Parts of the viaduct was demolished  across three days during last year's August bank holiday.

 It will  make way for a new Metrolink line between bowled and Rochdale.

  A 24-year-old student who used to live in Manchester is to be  extradited to the US to face charges of terrorism.

 Abeed Naseer,  originally from Pakistan, is accused of being part of an Al-  Qaeda cell that plotted bombings in Manchester, New York and Norway.

  Our reporter is in Cheetham Hill where Abeed Naseer once lived.

 This  is the latest in what a long- running case.

 Yes.

 He was one of 12  men arrested as part of the major counter-terrorism operation in  April 2009.

 The arrests here in Cheetham Hill.

 There was also  dramatic footage of people arrested at a university by gunpoint by  counter-terrorism officers.

 B MI5 were pretty confident they had  thwarted a Platt -- a plan to set up bombs here in Manchester,  potential targets being be Arndale Centre or St Annes Square.

 However,  after two weeks, all those men were released without any charge  whatsoever.

 Indeed, in May of last year, Abeed Naseer successfully  fought a deportation attempt by the UK Government.

 A court decided that  if he was sent back to Pakistan there was a danger he could face  torture or death.

 What was the reason for today's hearing that  Westminster Magistrates' Court? Ever since July of last year, the  United States has been seeking his extradition.

 They want to try him  there.

 They claimed he was part of basic plot to set up bombs in the  UK, New York and Norway.

 They say he was a key member of a broad  network, an organisation being run under the direction of our Kaita.

  At the magistrates' court in central London today, in  Westminster, the judge decided that he could be extradited.

 However, a  winners here has indicated he is going to appeal against that  decision.

 He denies all the charges.

 The postal story that just will not  go away.

 Nor will your anger over the delays in delivering your  parcels and Christmas cards.

 Some of them are still arriving.

 On this  programme just a few days ago, Royal Mail blamed the problem on  the weather and claimed all the backlogs have been cleared.

 That  produced another furious outburst from so many of you.

 The Consumer  Focus is the watchdog for the post.

 They are supposed to champion your  cause so earlier I asked her spokesman, Adam Scorer, what may be  doing about the deluge of complaints.

 We want to make sure  they are focused on delivering a good service to consumers, they  don't hide behind the excuse of bad weather, that they sort out their  systems to make sure they deliver value and service and that if  consumers have a problem they sorted out and compensate them.

  me give you a direct quote from a postal worker that has come to us.

  This is a person with 30 years' experience in the service, he says,  I have never seen as disastrous or disgrace for a performance at  Christmas ever.

 That is how strong they feel about it.

 You need to be  taking tough action.

 You have legislative powers.

 We have powers  to acquire information from the companies.

 We cannot make them do  anything.

 If the regulatory body is there to enforce standards of Royal  Mail.

 What I would say, though, and agree with, is that Royal Mail need  to have a blast of reality is that across their bows.

 One of the ways  we can do that is to encourage consumers to make complex, share  their experience with a oil well, because we have to make sure this  its profits executive focus.

 We cannot have a situation where Royal  well are in denial about the scale of the problem or try to fob it off  on an issue that is now a month old, the weather.

 We will do that with  consumers.

 We cannot make Royal Mail do things differently.

 We can  make is uncomfortable for them to continue to do nothing.

 I want to  know, really, how you are doing that.

 I am reading it here.

 It says  you have the power to conduct research and for to make an  official super complaint about failing services.

 He is that what  you're doing? What happens now? are requesting from world where all  the evidence they have about the level of service delivery problems  they have had.

 Until we get a proper picture about how much Royal  Mail know about the backlogs and delivery problems, we cannot go  with a proper case.

 But can investigate further? Rather than  just saying, we are asking the post of is to supply us with information.

  They might just say, if it is the weather.

 That is what they have  said to us.

 Can you dig deeper to find the real problem? We will do  everything in our powers to get the clearest picture by the Derksen and  that has been caused to consumers by backlogs across the country.

 We  will go to Royal Mail and if necessary to the regulator if to  say we need to see a plan of action that faces up to the problem, the  level of debt from and that individual consumers are  experiencing, and they need to convince us that they are taking  this seriously and they have a plan to make sure it does not happen  again.

 Thank you.

 A note of personal frustration from  you, too, I think.

 Plans to cake -- plus a video games  Judaea in Liverpool have been described as a serious setback for  the industry.

 -- a video games studio.

 The firm's parent company  saying that Bizarre's latest game is not selling enough.

 The chip  industry as a whole says the end to tax breaks means the whole industry  will struggle.

 The racing game Blur is the latest  product from Liverpool's Bizarre Creations but it seems it does not  have enough cause power to save the company.

 The games industry trade  bodies as the closure is a real blow.

 It is a very serious setback  for the games industry in the North West but it is also a real serious  global the UK games industry as a whole.

 200 people work for Bizarre  at studios in Speke.

 Its parent company is the American games giant  Activision.

 The workers here at Bizarre studio are not permitted to  speak directly to the media but it seems Activision simply do not  think the Blur game will make enough money in the competitive  racing games market.

 Activision have been trying to find a buyer  but none has come forward and it looks like the studio here will  close in about a month.

 Only 10 months ago, a trade magazine  devoted more than 20 pages to Merseyside's games industry.

 It was  a measure of its importance.

 One estimate says locally 3,000 jobs  depend on it, directly or indirectly.

 Now the trade  association says tax breaks promised by Labour have been  scrapped by the coalition government and the North West and  UK firms are finding it hard to compete.

 The cost of developing it  did -- video games in the UK is high compared to other countries.

  In Canada, for example, the state intervenes and provides tax relief  to the tune of almost 40%.

 Government says his policies will  help all industries, not as games makers.

 Some workers at Bizarre say  they are already thinking of So 200 jobs going there in  Liverpool's computer games industry.

 That figure is small compared to  the thousands of jobs under threat in the public sector.

 This Sunday,  The Politics Show looks at how Darwin is supporting 1,900 staff  who have been told their jobs are at risk.

 I have been working with  the Council for 14 years.

 I know these people.

 I never have children  and are buying houses.

 It is the impact on people's lives.

 It is a  terrible situation for them to be in.

 You can see the Politics Show  on Sunday here on BBC One.

 Still to come, it is "Gunner" be  difficult.

 Can Wigan Athletic turn the tables on Arsenal again?  And looking forward to others have left behind.

 The Blackburn woman  turning junk into art.

 Something like this, it is really hard to  tell what it might have been, but it is nice to think of people using  it 20 or 30 years ago.

 Next, what to do about Patrick.

 He  is becoming something of a celebrity in Ramsbottom where  locals regularly call into his shop to say hello.

 Lancashire cows are  less keen.

 They want him out.

 Patrick, we should point out, is a  pig.

 He is what they call a micro- pig.

 The council say his owners are  breaching rules to stop the spread There is a disturbance in the  trousers department.

 It's Patrick.

 Patrick's Lee's pet and his shop's  star attraction.

 He comes with me to work and to keep him company.

  Pigs are sociable creatures.

 He is not a part of a herd.

 He is a pet.

  So he comes with me for company.

 But he enjoys it.

 Far from being  unsettled by him, the customers like him and he has become a  celebrity.

 He will come here and we feed him.

 It is an attraction.

 It  is a lovely place.

 Patrick's days of showing off his ball skills are  numbered.

 Here is why - this astatement from Lancashire County  Council.

 It explains the law requires micropigs as livestock and  not pets.

 It says pigs can spread diseases such as foot-and-mouth and  swine flu.

 So Patrick can't keep being moved between the house and  shop.

 I have used the expression jobs' worth, but that is unfair on  them.

 But the point being, I understand why the laws are in  place.

 If there was a serious threat of something like foot-and-  mouth, he wouldn't leave the house.

 Lee is campaigning for animals like  Patrick to be given a legal exemption from the rules.

 What he  calls Patrick's law.

 You can see the attraction, but rules are rules.

  And his ball's -- ball skills are good.

 You know which club should  sign him? West Ham! Now with news of a poignant day for football  Wreaths will be laid at Macclesfield tomorrow as a mark of  respect for Richard Butcher, who died suddenly 12 days ago.

.

  Tomorrow would've been Richard's 30th birthday.

 He appeared  extremely fit and healthy when he scored this goal at Bury on New  Year's Day.

 But eight days later he was found dead at his home.

 His  devastated team-mates had to postpone last week's match.

 They  play for the first time since the tragedy against Barnet tomorrow.

  The Manchester United defender Rafael da Silva has been fined  £8,000 pounds after angrily confronting the referee who sent  him off last Sunday.

 The Brazilian right-back was red carded for  tripping up a Spurs player, after he'd been booked for a foul.

 He's  already been suspended and will miss tomorrow's game against  Birmingham.

 The Blackburn Rovers manager Steve Kean says the long-  term contract he's just signed gives him a platform to move the  club forward.

 Kean, who went to see Rovers' Indian owners earlier in  the week, has put pen to paper on a two and half year deal.

 Initially  he'd only been given until the end of the season.

 Speaking ahead of  tomorrow's game against West Brom, he says it will make a difference.

  You're asking how long am I going to be here, the atmosphere's good,  they like the way we're going about our work.

 It is good I can say can  I be here probably as long as you are.

 The last thing you want when  you're in the bottom three is a trip to Arsenal, the side with the  highest goal tally in the Premier League.

 But for Wigan Athletic -  even with the lowest goal tally in the League - there is hope.

 But can  the manager convince the fans? The dog's got flees, -- fleas and there  is a hole in your sock, but you think you're having a bad day.

  Imagine if your a Wigan player and the gaffer puts on a DVD of your  next opponents and it's Arsenal! Is it safe to look? Ooh it is.

 Those  two goal down at home to Arsenal last season, Wigan hit three in the  last ten minutes for a famous win.

 Couple that with a 2-2 draw last  month and surely there is some hope for them? Absolutely no chance.

  Let's be realistic.

 Arsenal put the second team out midweek and they  will put out their first team.

 think they will frighten any team,  not just Wigan.

 You look at a squad that you feel are getting strong we  are games.

 Probably they will reach their peak around this period of  the competition and they are capable of winning every trophy.

  Wig wan -- Wigan have lost all previous eight visits to Arsenal.

  So what will it mean? You are always three defeats from being  questioned, but Wigan, what we have got is a clear idea where we are  going to be in the short-term and in the long-term.

 Short-term the  problem is easy, in the last seven games they have only lost one, but  they have only won one.

 Will this weekend be a triumph of hope o'  over expectation? Hope flay draw.

 Well let's wait and see.

 We've  already got 19 North West teams in the Premier and Football Leagues  and we could soon have another.

 With four promotions in the last  six years, Fleetwood Town's rise shows little sign of slowing down.

  They're currently in the play-off positions for a place in the  Football League itself and as Richard Askam found out the Cod  Army are in full voice.

 They've even got their own song.

 £3 for  those.

 £4.

 Cod army! Brilliant.

 Brilliant for the town.

 The cod  army's core are the fishermen at the famous docks, who have watched  their team go to be one step from the big time.

 When I first started  taking my lads, it was around 200.

 Now it is 18 hundred.

 It is  brilliant.

 Like the town and the industry, the club has had to  navigate some tough times and they have almost gone out of business.

  But they are now not only in a position to set a kour for the  league.

 They believe they can stay there.

 Millions has been spent on  improving facility -- facilities and the team.

 Driven by the cash  and the ambition of local businessman Andy Pilley.

 We have  won four promotions.

 We would love to get in the league and we want to  better ourselves still.

 It is a transformation not only built on  graft, there is room for South American flare with their striker.

  Don't take this wrong way, I didn't expect to find a Brazilian forward  at Fleetwood.

 That is how it goes.

 There are a few Brazilians in the  Conference.

 That is how it goes.

 Hopefully we can do well and go up.

  You get the impression they're a club whose day in the sun may not  be far away.

 Rugby Union, and Sale Sharks have announced that their  director of rugby Kingsley Jones is leaving the club at the end of this  month.

 During his time at Sale, Sharks won the Premiership and the  European Challenge Cup.

 Jones says he's enjoyed the past seven years,  but now wants to return to coaching.

 Earlier this month one of the  club's greatest-ever players, Charlie Hodgson, revealed he was  leaving.

 Finally Clarke Carlisle became the first footballer to  appear on Question Time.

 He answered questions on everything  from education to Iraq.

 He said he hoped he had done something to  change attitudes to players.

 There is a misconception about players  that the lads are not intellectual and all they talk about is cars and  money.

 It is so far from the truth.

 I don't believe I'm the most Intel  whrebg eventual guy in your dressing room, never mind football  in general.

 I know the dressing room and I think he is wrong.

  did well.

 He got a lot of rounds of did well.

 He got a lot of rounds of  applause.

 Now weather.

 Well you can see from our reports the weather  has been hit and miss.

 You may have had sunshine or been blanketed in  mist aye fog.

 It is going to continue to be like that.

 I can't  offer you much more clarity.

 It is about high pressure and it is not  going anywhere.

 We will have a weather front running down the  eastern side of England tonight.

 And it may linger for a time  tomorrow that.

 Will influence us slightly.

 But mainly high pressure  is in charge and not too much changes.

 So our big story tonight  are temperature.

 They will go down to ply news four or -- to minus  four in rural areas and minus one or two else wr.

 And the misand fog  is descending.

 If you have it, it is very dense and sticks with us  through the night and gets thicker in some places.

 On Saturday morning,  it is a grey start in some places.

 But then some sunshine working  through.

 But there is a huge amount of cloud cover.

 I can't tell you  where it will be, it will be coming and going.

 As the days go on,  brighter skies will work through.

 And there will be some brightness  from time to time.

 But the wind is so light and you can see if you  have got goodys, you can can see some rain along the highest routes.

  So that adds insult to injury.

 Temperatures are similar to today,  four o' fives a the best.

 Some places stick at one or two.

 And  guess what? Saturday night is cold, guess what? Saturday night is cold,  Sunday is cloudy.

 Thank you.

 They say where there's muck there's  brass.

 Well, for Blackburn artist Jane Samuels where there's junk,  there's art.

 Jane is an urban explorer, she searches in and  around derelict buildings looking for discarded items which reveal  the history and identity of the North West.

 Her findings have now  gone on show at a previously derelict shop.

 We went out with  Jane hunting for unwanted gems.

 This is a building that we found  that is disused at the moment and we're coming here to look around.

  We won't go inside, because it is secured and it would be illegal.

  But we are having a look to see if there are things that people have  discarded and that we could have a look through to find out what might  be inside as well.

 Things like old photographs are always a good find.

  It is lovely to find these old images of people that used to be in  these spaces.

 Something like this, it is hard to tell what it might  have been, but it is nice to imagine people using it maybe 20 or  30 years ago and get a picture of what the space might be about.

 It  is an interesting thing and something I could make something  out of.

 Is this art? Some people say it is rooting around for junk?  At this point it probably is.

 It is what I do with it after that  becomes ar.

 We're in the abandoned shop and I have put together the  things vi found in places like the a -- things I have found in places  like the building we saw earlier.

 These things I saw in Manchester  and when they developed the house I went and found the photographs.

 It  is the boys, watching as they work.

 That is great stuff.

 Tony was  enjoying that.

 I gather there is a late news flash about the pig?  Patrick the big has not siebed for West Ham, he has gone to trotten  ham Hotspur.

 You have been thinking about that since he said that  heard he was going on Richard

 going to the local News Online  Welcome to Reporting Scotland.

 Tonight: Nick Clegg Defence the  coalition's cuts amid indications that his party faces a tough time  in May's Scottish elections.

 It is not an easy job.

 I think most  people recognise that it is the right thing to do and we're trying  to do this as fairly as we can.

 will be live in Speyside, when Nick  Clegg is meeting voters tonight.

 It is a recognised.

.

.

 Gail Sheridan  makes a complaint to police over her treatment during the perjury  investigation into her and her husband.

  The stolen paintings recovered after one of them was spotted in an  auction catalogue.

 And in sport, Turkish delight as  Rangers and Bursapor agree a fee for striker Kenny Miller.

  The Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has been defending the  coalition Government's policies as the polls suggest that support for  the Lib Dems in Scotland has halved since 2007.

 Mr Clegg has been  visiting the north and north-east today and tonight he is in Boat of  Garten, were he has been answering voters' questions.

 Raymond Buchanan  is there.

 Nick Clegg with his coalition with  the Conservatives is planning on being Government for five years,  but his colleagues in Scotland have little, around five months before  they face an election, the Holyrood election, which will take place on  May 5th.

 Every single time over the last few weeks and months we have  seen an opinion poll asking voters in Scotland what they thought of  the Lib Dems, it seems to those who support that party to be a fresh  nightmare.

 They have seen their support here and across the whole  of the UK planet, they have taken some of the decisions which even  they admit have been very tough indeed.

 They have been accused of  many things, letting down the electorate that voted for them in  the General Election, and essentially, of having gone into  bed of the Conservatives at the expense of what many of the  electorate who put their votes for the Lib Dems had wanted.

 That has  been the challenge which Nick Clegg has had to face here in Scotland  today.

 He has been defending the party's record in Government, and  also defending the fact they can produce jobs and policies.

 He has  been dubbed by some the most hated man in Britain.

 Nick Clegg may be  enjoying Government, but it could cost his party delay.

 Lib Dem  support has plummeted in the polls just months away from the Scottish  election.

 Today, Nick Clegg began and Aberdeen, talking jobs with  business leaders before defending his own performance.

 It is not an  easy job, it needs to controversy, but I think most people recognise  it has been the right thing to do and we're trying to do things as  fairly as we can.

 Do you except that the decisions you have made in  Government are likely to cost votes at elections? I except the  decisions we aren't taking now are going to be controversial.

 -- I  accept.

 Some might be unpopular.

 But one of the reasons why Labour  left us in such a terrible mess is because they spend all the time  looking at the day-to-day headlines and opinion polls and did not do  what is right for the long-term benefit of the country.

 Mr Clegg  later moved onto Moray.

 But he found himself having to sample  local anger over the area's two threatened RAF bases.

 I wish I  could wave a magic wand.

 But it is not magic they are after, but  action.

 We will try and find ways which we can be deployed military  resources.

 I realise how very reliant communities are on the  spaces.

 We will make final announcements as soon as we can  about what the future holds.

 Tonight, the Deputy Prime Minister  held the town hall meeting, a chance to explain his policies and  hope those who had treated his party before would still vote for  them in future.

 As you say, he has been talking to  people in Boat of Garten.

 What sort of reception has he had?  A very polite reception.

 There were a handful of protesters who were  campaigning about local jobs here.

 He had to defend his Government's  policies over a range of different issues, he had a selling job to do  tonight, and that is why he was here.

 Also, on a local issue, he  entered the Government may well move on helping mountain rescue  teams, who have to pay VAT, unlike other emergency services.

 He said  the case for that was compelling.

 Up to 300 jobs could be created in  Glasgow and Dundee by a Spanish wind turbine manufacturer.

 Gamaysa  wants to set up a centre for Offshore Engineering in Glasgow  along with logistics and manufacturing centres in Tayside.

  It could be worth up to £40 million for the Scottish Academy -- economy.

  The number of people with Flynn Scotland has fallen to below levels  expected for the season.

 13 people died last week and 29 people were  admitted to intensive care.

 Doctors say this is in line with  expectations.

 They are now cautiously optimistic that the flu  outbreak might be over.

 Eleanor Bradford joins me now from Holyrood.

  Does it look as if we may have seen the last of the flu?  It might look that way now.

 That is certainly the hope of the Health  Minister, who unveiled the latest figures here this week.

 If this was  any other time of the year, we would be seeing, what flu outbreak?  Figures are that blow.

 -- that low.

 Instead of swine flu being the  dominant virus, the virus that most people are going to their GPs with,  it is now influenza B.

 I am told that his typically what happens  when after the outbreak is coming to its end.

 But Nicola Sturgeon  says we are not out of the woods yet.

 I am very cautious about  making predictions.

 I have learned many things about flu and one thing  is that it is very unpredictable.

 I am not declaring this year's season  to be over.

 The signs particularly around swine flu suggests that the  peak may have passed.

 But we will need to wait and see if that is  actually the case.

 So if anyone is wondering if it is still worth  getting vaccinated, what is the advice?  It is worth remembering we have had 145 people hospitalised so far this  flu season.

 40 people have died.

 There is the danger still there.

  But that is fewer people than you might expect in a very bad pandemic.

  Swine flu is expected to be the strain that will be around for the  next 10 or 20 years.

 It is well worth getting vaccinated and there  is still plenty of vaccine out there if you are at risk.

  Gail Sheridan has made a complete to Lothian and Borders Police about  her treatment during the perjury investigation into her and her  husband Tommy.

 Her lawyer has written to the chief constable  alleging that Mrs Sheridans suffered religious persecution  during an interview by eight police officers.

  She was at her husband's side at court, every day of the 12 re-trial.

  But for much of it, Gail Sheridan herself was also being tried for  perjury.

 She was charged with lying under oath.

 During Mr Sheridan's  successful defamation case against the News of the World End used 2006,  he won £2,000 for the paper for allegations about his sex life.

 But  then on 17th December, this happen.

 All charges against Gail Sheridan  have now been withdrawn.

 charges against Mrs Sheridan were  dropped on 17th December.

 Almost a week later, her husband was found  guilty of perjury.

 But throughout the trial, details of how Mrs  Sheridan was treated by the police emerged.

 When she was interviewed,  she had her rosary beads taken from her and this club offer police  interview appeared in a BBC The Sheridans are also planning to  complain about the leak of the police tapes to the media.

  believes she was persecuted because of her religion.

 She believes the  questions were in appropriate, she was traumatised during the police  raid and she believes she was accused of acting like the  Provisional IRA.

 Simply because she exercised her legal right to  silence.

 Lothian and Borders Police have confirmed that complaints have  been received on behalf of Tommy and Gail Sheridan and they're  investigated.

 The Sheridans are possibly solicitors say the  complaints they have made today could lead to several actions and  the future.

 Tommy Sheridan will appear here at the High Court in  Glasgow next week for sentencing after being found guilty of perjury.

  He has been told to expect a prison sentence.

  You're watching Reporting Scotland from the BBC.

 Still to come before  7 o'clock: This road claimed 14 lives last year, campaigners  pressed the Government for a timetable on the upgrading of the  And for the first time in 50 years, BBC cameras joined the traditional  hunt for the guga off the Isle of Lewis.

  We were tell you soon, and we are in Australia with Andy Murray as he  marches on in Melbourne.

 All the latest from Australia later.

  Three paintings stolen from Glasgow Museums in the 1990s have been  recovered after one of them was spotted in an auction catalogue.

 It  emerged that a further 10 paintings have been reported as stolen.

  Back on display after two decades, these three paintings went missing  from Glasgow Museums in the early 1990s.

 This one by the French  artist Corot was spotted at auction by a curator from Kelvingrove.

  is thanks to his knowledge and experience that he was able to look  at this painting and think, that is one of ours.

 And he reported that  to the police handed to cough from there.

 At that stage, this Samuel  Peploe was spotted and a Glasgow Gallery, and shortly afterwards,  this Federico Barocci painting was seized.

 It is part of a wider  investigation.

 Several other paintings were still missing.

  Scotland has witnessed some high- profile art thefts in the past,  like this Leonardo stolen in 2003.

 While Glasgow Museums lost a  medieval tapestry in 2001 when a thief walked into the Burrell  Collection and simply took it off the wall.

 Those involved in the art  business say new technology and better communications makes selling  stolen art much harder.

 Because auction catalogues were  internationally marketed, they're on the website that belongs to the  auction house, they are run the website below into the steel room -  backs saleroom, on the websites of companies good value, a lot of  these companies cross checked against paintings that are  potentially stolen.

 But even then, but will not pick up everything.

  The paintings will remain here at the Glasgow Museums resource centre  for further conservation work.

 They remain police evidence while the  investigation is ongoing.

 But it is hoped they will go back on public  The Scottish Government has been urged to explain how its plans will  meet its stated priority of boosting growth.

 The finance  committee says ministers must answer concerns that their spending  proposals focus on shielding the public sector.

 The budget faces its  first parliamentary vote next week.

 The Duchess of Rothesay has visited  the Aberdeen Reading Bus.

 She was entertained by Doric singing from  local school pupils.

 The Reading Bus encourages children to read  more.

 It is the main route to and from  the Highlands and it has long been regarded as Scott and's most  dangerous road.

 14 people died on the Anine last year.

 The Government  has been pressed for a timetable on when it will be made into a dual  carriageway.

 This report includes pictures of a recent accident.

  This is a long road, and it has been a long campaign to have it  upgraded.

 The campaign has brought these sisters to Parliament, they  lost their parents in a crash last year.

 Our mother and father were  both tragically killed in a car accident in October on their way up  north on the A 9.

 We feel that it is impossible for us to sit back  and do nothing about it, because the statistics for deaths on the  road are horrific.

 We want to make sure that something good comes out  of this.

 The the head-on collision took place on this stretch of road.

  The other vehicle had crossed on to their side of the road.

 The driver,  who was killed, had just left the dual carriageway and entered a  single carriageway section.

 The constant changing from dual to  single carriageway is blamed for the high accident rate.

 The locals,  must get very confused.

 I have experienced it myself.

 People come  down the wrong carriageway.

 It is quite frightening.

 This accident,  just two days before Christmas, claimed the life of a lorry driver.

  As well as the human cost, the main supply route to the north was  closed for over 12 hours.

 Scottish Government have made a  commitment to upgrading this road to a dual carriageway, it is up to  them to find the money to do that the if they are to not let people  down with another broken promise.

 We cannot do it until the funds  become available.

 Having so much taken out of the budget for a tram  scheme in Edinburgh has hampered our ability to move faster on this  project.

 More than £50 million has been spent on upgrading parts of  this road, this stretch is costed at 600 million.

 Money however, is  tight.

 Fisheries managers on four Scottish  rivers will today launch their own whiskies to help pay for salmon  conservation measures.

 The pilot project on the river Dee raised  tens of thousands of pounds to pay for the removal of several dams.

  It is a barrier which has blocked the path of migrating salmon on  this tributary to the river Dee for hundreds of years.

 Since this fish  pass was built two years ago, more than 50 fish have passed through to  colonise the 13 mile stretch of water beyond.

 Over recent years, we  have started to see fish come back in greater numbers to the river Dee.

  We needed to make sure that we have the best available conditions for  them.

 Upstream of this area, we have some extremely good habitat  and we have to make sure fish can get a access to it.

 That work is  being paid for by one of the angler's favourite tipples.

 A trial  batch of the dram or raised £35,000, all of which went into improving  conservation.

 The industry is supporting so many jobs, it is  drawing people from all over the world into Scotland.

 There is a  huge amount of people benefiting from this.

 This is another way the  rivers are being opened up.

 Too little light means the fish cannot  thrive.

 The trees are being a thinned out, to encourage spawning.

  They used to cut down these trees for firewood, now that central  heating has coming people do not need it.

 These trees have been left  for 40 or 50 years without being managed, they have overgrown and  they shade the river.

 Downstream, this is one of the obstacles  identified for removal.

 About 125 kilometres of river lie behind this  single dam.

 There are 20 similar obstacles identified along the  river Dee.

 Add to that the three other Scottish rivers taking part  in the project, and you are talking about hundreds of miles of waterway  identified as potential spawning ground.

 It is hoped whisky sales  and matched funding will reopen 25 miles of waterway this year alone.

  And now, the sport.

 This evening we have some closure  to the long-running Kenny Miller transfer story.

 He will sign for  Bursaspor tomorrow at the Turkish club's Stadium.

 Rangers have  accepted an offer of £400,000 for the country's top scorer.

 He was  given a hero's welcome when he flew in to join his new club.

  Turkish delight for the arrival of Bursaspor's new board.

 If Kenny  Miller had any doubts about the passion of his new fans, they were  answered before the collected his luggage.

 Then he was off to meet  his new team mates.

 No wonder he was smiling, he is rumoured to be  on £50,000 a week.

 He will sign on the dotted line tomorrow, and he  will have an audience of 5000 fans.

 I am very happy to be here, to play  for a team who are champions.

 I want to get back into the  Champions' League.

 One man who has experience of playing here has a  warning.

 It is a new culture, the way things are done, the business  side of things is different.

 It is part of the experience.

 As long as  you make sure that the paperwork is all right you do not have much to  worry about.

 Higher earnings but also high expectations.

 In Turkey,  it is a Miller time.

 The Hibernian manager Colin  Calderwood says he has no intention of quitting.

 Hibs have won none of  their last nine matches and were knocked out of the Scottish Cup by  Second Division Ayr United earlier this week.

 The man in charge says  he has not even considered leaving.

 Not once have I even thought about  it.

 It is a story to get a question, to get an answer.

 I am telling you  now, it is not my thought process.

 It never has been.

 I do not want it  ever to be in there.

 Andy Murray is through to the third  round of the Australian Open tennis.

 He won in straight sets.

 It has  been a good day all round for the Murray family.

  First up today, the other Murray brother.

 Jamie and his doubles  partner knocked out the No.

 9 seed.

 Talking of knockouts, what did  Jamie do to that Sparrow the other day? I threw the ball, hit the  serve and the bird came flying across the net.

 It went straight  into it, that was it.

 It hit the ground and tried to get up, it was  pretty much dead instantly I think.

 It was not a nice feeling.

 That was  the end of my serving practice.

 Let's go Andy, let's go!  No lack of support for the younger Murray brother.

 His day turned out  to be just as good as Jamie's.

 His Ukrainian opponent never recovered  from losing the first set 6-1.

 Murray cruised through in less than  two hours and has yet to drop a set.

 It has been a good start, two guys  I have never played before, it was quite tricky but I thought I played  well.

 I hope I can improve.

 So, it is played to, won two.

 He is next  in action on Saturday.

 Standing in the way of a place in the last 16  is the number 32 seed from Spain.

 For the first time in 50 years, BBC  cameras have been allowed to join the traditional hut -- traditional  hunt for the baby gannet known as the guga.

 It has been outlawed  since the 1950s, but 10 men are granted an exemption each year.

  At midnight on his last day of summer, 10 men of mess will sail to  one isolated island.

 That lonely rock has attracted these men for  centuries.

 They go there every year for a strange September harvest.

  The hunter originated through necessity.

 As far as we know it  dates back to the 17th century.

 It has carried on, we stop -- it is a  tradition.

 The every year, 10 men from Ness head on through terrible  weather to keep the tradition alive.

 It is not a nice journey.

 With them,  all of the supplies they will need for the two weeks they spend on the  island hunting the guga.

 They used mostly the same methods as their  fathers and their fathers before that.

 When you fill one bag,.

.

.

  it just about keeping the tradition alive? It is getting away from  mobile phones for a couple of weeks.

 You get away from everything, and  it is nice here.

 Heading home with a boatload of guga, exhausted from  their labours.

 Their quota is restricted to 2000 birds.

 Some  regard the expedition as controversial, but there is a lot  of custom in Ness.

 You can see more of that in "Guga  Hunters of Ness", at 9pm on BBC2 tonight.

  If you were not stuck in fog today, you will have had blue skies.

 They  are leading us into a cold night.

 Freezing fog is set to make a  return.

 Predominantly dry, mist and fog will become expensive.

 There  will be a widespread frost, temperatures in many places getting  down to minus three Celsius, to minus seven in the coldest rural  spots.

 A bit of a breeze, a great deal of cloud and some rain.

 There  is a weather front hanging around tomorrow.

 To the north of the Great  Glen, cloudy with bits of rain.

 To the south of here, it will be dry  and find that quite chilly.

 By the middle of the day, we are looking  at a contrast.

 Temperatures of eight Celsius over the Western  Isles, cloud and patchy rain.

 Also affecting the northern isles and  the coast.

 Heading south across the mainland, it will have some spells  of sunshine, although fog will linger in places and it will stay  cold there.

 Temperatures not much above freezing.

 Through the  afternoon towards evening, not much changes.

 That rain in the North  will hang around, but warned that amount to much.

 The fog will linger,  and there is not much went to budget.

 For Saturday, we will have  more cloud across the West.

 A few light showers for the north-west,  some decent bright spells for Perthshire and the Borders.

 We will  have lost the fog.

 The dry weather stays with us on Sunday.

 Still a  fair amount of cloud, turning fair amount of cloud, turning  gradually less cold.

 A summary of tonight's top stories.

  Shadow Chancellor Alan Johnson has resigned for personal regions.

 He  has come under fire for several gaffes, such as getting the rate of  national insurance wrong in an interview.

 He has been replaced by  Ed Balls.

 Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg  has been defending the Coalition Government's policies today.

 Polls  suggest support for the Liberal Democrats has halved since 2007.

  Police in Bristol have arrested a 32 year-old man on suspicion of the  murder of Jo Yeates.

 Forensic teams have been searching his flat in the  same building.

 It is occupied by a Dutch man called Vincent Tabak.

  The number of people with flu in

 This is East Midlands Today.

 Our  top story tonight, tiny amphibians causing a big stir in research  laboratories.

 X from these creatures have led to an exciting  breakthrough in the fight against cancer.

 A charity is warning the  Derby child grinning case is the tip of the iceberg.

 Also, after a  house fire in Derbyshire, people have been tried to find out if  anybody was inside.

 The advantages and disadvantages of a television  reporter has we look back at the first 20 years of East Midlands  Good evening and welcome to Friday's programme.

 First tonight,  one of nature's most mysterious creatures is helping scientists in  the fight against cancer.

 It is hoped the discovery will lead to  new treatments.

 The creature involved is the salamander and  experts in not them had used an extract from its eggs to halt the  growth of human cancer cells.

 -- experts have used.

 They believe  humans are descended from amphibians like the salamander.

 But  it is not the creature themselves the study concentrated upon but the  protein inside them.

 The extract is mixed with breast cancer cells from  humans incubated in mice.

 Look at the impact in the that oratory.

 At  the top is the gym after eight weeks of exposure.

 -- that  laboratory.

 It is an exciting result.

 A I have had the pleasure  of working with a very dedicated team.

 -- I have had.

 They took a  lot of risks.

 They put careers at risk.

 The black marks are where  cancer cells can divide.

 This demonstrates if protein has been  added and it has stopped growing.

 Next, to try it out on other types  of cancer.

 Co particularly more aggressive types.

 -- particularly.

  But also any other type of tumour.

 Particularly ones that are very  resistant.

 There is not any reason to think it cannot work on most  types of cancer.

 We are about to test that directly.

 They have  demonstrated the revolutionary approach is switching back on the  natural suppression system.

 Now, the University of Nottingham is  hoping one day to develop a Here is our correspondent.

 It  sounds amazing.

 But do the usual problems apply? It is significant  but the salamander is an amazing creature, the stuff of legend.

 They  can regenerate limbs.

 But unlocking cancer is fascinating.

 What for  happen next is more research.

 They are hoping to get drug companies on  board.

 If -- what is happening next.

 But it could take 10 years for  Next, the charity that dealt with the biggest sex abuse case in Darby  says it is the biggest tip of the highest back.

 -- in Derby says it  is just the tip of the iceberg.

 The offenders came from all racial  backgrounds.

 The Chief Executive is concerned a focus on Asian sex  gangs mean many victims will slip This charity has earned a natural  reputation.

 -- -- National.

 This charity work with almost 20 goals,  recruited by the rapists jailed last week.

 If -- women.

 The problem  has not gone away.

 Last year we work with 127 young people.

  Perpetrators come from a wide range of backgrounds.

 That includes men  and women that commit the crime.

 But again, we have also got victims  that come from a wide range of backgrounds.

 That includes young  men and women.

 Men a horrific attacks, which catapulted this  issue, -- many horrific attacks happened here in Derby.

 It has  prompted a debate about a possible racial pattern.

 That is because the  ringleaders were both from Derby's Pakistani community.

 Other people  from similar backgrounds have been involved.

 They involved a  vulnerable young women being approached in the street, lured  into cars and being driven away and abused or raped.

 There is a  specific problem -- specific problem that involves young Asian  men that consider young white women to become a bowl and easy meat.

  must be explored.

 -- vulnerable.

 we do not explore that, these  people will slip away.

 As the rapists were sentenced, the English  Defence League protested outside.

 The signal is that this issue is  toxic.

 The Child Protection Agency have announced an investigation  A Coming up, the two friends accused of child abduction, who say  their lives have been made hell.

 -- Coming up, the two friends accused  of child abduction, who say their lives have been made hell.

 They  were cleared within hours of the The authorities in Derbyshire have  said a woman is still unaccounted for after her house caught fire.

 It  happened at a terraced house in Long Eaton.

 Emergency services have  been there all day but their efforts have been made difficult by  stacks of newspapers and other The fire service was called to the  home at 41 Wellington Street just before 8 o'clock this morning.

 It  was full of smoke.

 Fire-fighters removed roof tiles to let some of  the smoke out.

 There were concerns a woman might be inside.

 The  corridors were stacked with all sorts of items, such as newspapers  and magazines.

 When they tried to get inside, we busted the door down  and found it difficult to get inside because of the accumulation  of things inside.

 Access inside was very, very difficult.

 The lady at  the moment or the person inside has not been accounted for yet.

 We are  trying to find out if she is in another part of the country.

 We  have not found out yet.

 Erewash Borough Council were asked to  remove the items inside, and took away 15 tonnes.

 Neighbours  described the interior.

 She has got papers and rubbish bins up in the  left-hand side.

 I tried to deliver a parcel once and could not get to  the front door.

 Fire-fighters were at the scene all day and struggles  to find out if anybody was inside because of the fullness of the  house.

 The windows were blocked by wardrobes.

 As well as that, half of  the first tour has collapsed inside.

 It makes searching even more  difficult.

 The woman has still not been accounted for.

 It is possible  she might have departed early in Next, a warning that £33 million of  cuts being made by one of the local councils could tear into the heart  of services for many vulnerable people.

 Nottingham City Council  admits it will affect frontline services.

 370 jobs are being axed.

  Unison says the impact will be disastrous.

 Here is our  correspondent.

 Good evening.

 latest council in the region to  announce details of the cutbacks.

 £33 million in 2011 and 2012  because of government reductions.

 That includes day-care and Homecare  charges going up.

 Meals on wheels as well.

 School meal allowances as  well.

 Frontline services will be hit but they have tried to protect  them where possible.

 We are protecting children centres and  child protection agencies.

 We are keeping all the essential police  officers on the beat.

 The community support officers as well.

 There  will not be these changes because we have listened to the public.

  Other things will have to stop, unfortunately.

 But we have  protected front line services as much as we can.

 Motorists will have  noticed an increase in car parking charges.

 Bus park and ride will go  up as well.

 The subsidy for the Theatre Royal and the concert hall  will be cut by £750,000 in the next three years.

 Unison is concerned  about the Brian Noble.

 Youth services and 370 jobs being axed.

 -  - the Brian Noble.

 -- the most vulnerable.

 There will be massive  public anger in Nottingham about this and the population must be  mobilised to tell the government that more money is required for  essential services.

 Economic and social consequences will be very  Other things like the start at Nottingham City Council being asked  to pay to park at work in April.

 Many other details have not yet  emerge.

 Nottingham has been hit like other areas, far harder by  these government reductions.

 reminder that The Politics Show is  back on Sunday.

 John Hess has more information.

 Genetically-modified  food is still alarming for many people.

 The MP that once the  government to get behind genetically modified crops is on  The Politics Show.

 He says it's time has come.

 Is he right? That is  on its Day on BBC One on Sunday.

 An independent inquiry -- that is on  Sunday.

 An independent inquiry has collapsed.

 Six activists were  cleared of planning to break into Ratcliffe Power Station after an  undercover officer offered to help their defence team.

 The Independent  Police Complaints Commission is conducting an inquiry into what a  Nottinghamshire Police disclosed all relevant material during the  case.

 The leader of Rutland County Council is urging the government to  make certain a prison area is turned into an industrial estate,  not a housing estate.

 The government has announced Ashwell  Prison is closing in March.

 Private developers will be bidding shortly.

  It was badly damaged in rioting two years before.

 Coming up, as East  Midlands Today clocks up 20 years, we will have a reminiscence from a  reporter that has been here since day one.

 It is tough at Pride Park.

  "An utter nightmare".

 That is how two men described a false  allegations that landed them on remand in prison for an alleged  child abduction.

 The charges but Arthur Upchurch and Philip Rawdon  from Derby through eight months of hell.

 The case has been dropped and  the men have been released.

 As we report, they are trying to put  their shattered reputations back together.

 Free again to walk the  streets near their home in Derby without shame.

 It is the worst  thing ever in my life.

 At a earlier in this year, Arthur Upchurch and  Arthur Upchurch, who is affected by Parkinson's disease found  themselves are wrongly accused by trying to were ducks an 11-year-old  girl in this alleyway.

 -- tried to abduct an 11-year-old girl.

 They  were both remanded.

 It is absolutely unbelievable.

 It is a  slur against my name.

 It is a safe haven, anyway.

 When Arthur Upchurch  was released he was not allowed to live in his house.

 He had to come  here about two miles from Chaddesden and rent a room.

 He  could not see his grandchildren and great-grandchildren unless another  Arthur's windows were broken and the stress worsened his symptoms.

  This week the case went to court.

 A judge ruled that evidence showed  the two men could not have done the alleged crime.

 It is like I have  still been accused of something I have not done.

 That is the worst  thing that ever happened to me.

 the nightmare behind you?  really.

 A mud sticks, doesn't it.

 Both men said they do not want  compensation, just their good names back.

  Police living in a Nottinghamshire village are adopting a zero-  tolerance approach to drivers of overweight lorries.

 With council  helped, villagers have set up a lorry Watch scheme that has led to  one prosecution.

 The group says more people should take an active  role in community life.

 The during of the A46 has been  hailed a national flagship for others to follow.

 Industry  inspectors studied work on the structure and have called parts of  the project outstanding.

 They say it could prove to be Britain's best  built road when it is completed.

 Of course it would be here in the  East Midlands.

 Some say we have the best sport.

  Let's turn to the sport.

 It has been a tough few weeks for Nigel  Clough.

 Thrashed by rivals and dumped out of the FA Cup.

 It has  been a two years since he took over at Pride Park following in his  father's footsteps.

 He has admitted that he did think about walking  If you have not got that Association and do not live in the  town, then it would be easier after bad nights to say what the hell.

  But that would be extremely difficult.

 It crosses your mind for  about five seconds the sitting in the dressing room after the game  and then you try to put it in perspective and say, we are going  to fight.

 That is what we always do.

 What a difference a few weeks make  its.

 Back in November Derby were in the play-off places.

 What a goal!  To defeat against Burnley mark the start of a miserable run.

 Five  defeats in seven games including the ultimate humiliation against  their fiercest rivals.

 It is a dreadful night.

 Bat and a claimed  to name and shame the players.

 Tough talk, but these are tough  times.

 Some fans are calling for his sacking, but the board insist  he is here to stay.

 We have to keep it in perspective and we do not  want players to panic or feel under pressure.

 We want them to keep  playing football.

 The fightback starts against Watford tomorrow.

  Leicester City play Preston tomorrow and there will be a  familiar face missing from the bench.

 Leicester City's first team  coach has become the new manager at Charlton Athletic.

 Sven Goran  Erikkson paid tribute and said his new club had trade -- gained a  first class coach.

 He is so approachable and professional.

 So  much experience and so willing to pass it on.

 It is fantastic to be  around a person and player like that.

 I can't speak highly enough  of him, really.

 A true legend.

 Nottingham Forest have finally got  their man, well almost.

 Robbie Findley has been granted a work  permit today.

 Billy Davies and Mark Arthur made an appearance before  the FA.

 It means he can join on free-transfer want it has been  agreed.

 The Reds are aiming for an amazing 32 game unbeaten run when  they face Portsmouth tomorrow.

 Notts County have added a new name  to the team sheet.

 Alan Judge has agreed a deal that will keep him at  Meadow Lane until 2013.

 On to rugby and a massive game for  the Leicester Tigers.

 Their trip to Llanelli is quite simply do or die  a when it comes to their Heineken Cup chances.

 They must win.

  It is far from the first time these two great have come together at a  crucial moment.

 Tigers famously won nine years ago and at Welford Road  this season demolish the scarlet.

 It means nothing now.

 We have both  moved on since then.

 It is more about the last month also that is  important.

 And how Scarlett have moved on! The dynamic team running  the ball with flair and style.

 made us look at ourselves and  reposition ourselves baby Abbie and that maybe we were not where we  thought we were.

 We both like to play.

 Maybe we are more pragmatic  than other teams at times.

 Scarlett played good rugby.

 There is no  point getting too hung up.

 Tigers have hit the top of the Premiership  and begun creating momentum of their own.

 I don't think it is  arrogant to expect to get to the knockout of a cup.

 There is an  expectation and desire among its players to have some European glory  at some point in their career.

 No time like the present.

 What about  that history? This was the moment when an entire season hinged on one  kick.

 What if it happens again tomorrow? There was no  psychological battle.

 You take every kick on its own and treat it  on its merit.

 You cannot get too hung up.

 If you feel you can take  the game, you should play like that.

 That moment went right for Tigers.

  Tomorrow, yet again, at the season comes down to and 80 minute battle.

  It is not the only big game this weekend.

 If you are near Meadow  Lane, there is still time to see nothing and take on Irish province.

  Not director of cricket has been asked to lead the England squad to  the West Indies.

 It feels great to be asked to get  involved.

 They are a lot of county coaches around and it is a  privilege.

 We will have all goals in our Sunday bulletin.

 Set your  recorders, Late Kick Off is back on Monday evening.

  Or you could stay up and watch it.

 Many people will, I'm sure.

  He on East Midlands Today we are celebrating our first 20 years.

  20 years of your stories filling our news bulletins every day.

 Joe  he is one of our reporters who has been here from the first day.

 She  now looks back at some of her momentous moments.

  Sarah Moore's husband was a police officer on duty.

 He and fellow  officer were violently killed nine years ago.

  Sometimes I am asked how people can talk to us when they are devastated.

  This is what Sarah told me.

 We deal build a good relationship and I  have a lot of trust there.

 We knew we would be betrayed the way we  wanted.

 We just wanted to let people know what it had done to our  families.

 Month after they lost their husbands, another family  suffered.

 PC Walker was violently killed in Nottinghamshire.

  I met his wife to see if she would talk to us.

 She was very wary about  doing an interview, but she did and through their filming the three  women became close friends.

 It is like we have known each other for  ever.

 I do not think without each other we would have been as far on  as we are now.

 I do get asked, have he interviewed famous people? I  suppose I have.

 What really interests and inspires me are the  ordinary people that we meet.

 Something extraordinary has  happened to them, that is why we are there.

  Emma Humphreys had not had an ordinary life, but she had been  written off.

 A prostitute at 13 and at 16 she killed her older lover  who regularly abused her.

 I'd first met her on a day out from prison 18  years ago.

 It became the start of a campaign to get her released and  two years later, in 1995, she did walk from the Court of Appeal with  her conviction overturned.

 I did feel emotional as I watched  Emma walk free from court.

 Thanks to everybody that has got me here.

  What a life, but what an achievement.

 She made a huge  difference to the way abused women are treated.

  Finally, there is a lighter side to life as a reporter on East Midlands  Today.

 What do you call a baby I am not here because you are a  goat, I am here because you are a waving goat.

 Wave.

 Please wave.

 You  As soon as your back is turned, the goat waves.

  That is wonderful.

 More memos to come in the next few weeks.

  come in the next few weeks.

 And now the weather.

  It is rather unsettled at the moment down to low pressure  bringing wet and windy weather this weekend.

 It will be dry this  evening before we see the rain returned overnight.

 Let's talk  about the weather photo.

 This was taken as the sun was setting this  afternoon.

 It is an unusual rare form of cloud.

 As the air pushes  down, it takes moisture with it and forms bell shaped clouds.

 Thank you  for that.

 At the moment it is generally dry  with a few showers.

 It will be clear through this evening and  overnight we will start to see the cloud pushing in and the rain will  arrive.

 Heavy persistent rain.

 A mild night as temperatures dropped  to seven degrees.

 The rain stays with us through the early hours  tomorrow.

 It will slowly break and ease into his Saturday afternoon.

 A  dry air end to the day with temperatures reaching 11 degrees.

  You will notice some strengthening wind tomorrow that is the main  feature.

 That is down to the low pressure and the tightening of the  isobars.

 On Sunday, a cold front sweeping South bringing rain.

 Heavy  rainfall alongside very strong south-westerly wind.

 A wet and  windy weekend.

 Into next week, you will notice it is dry and cloudy on  will notice it is dry and cloudy on Monday and caller on Tuesday.

  Thank you.



 Hello and welcome to BBC Oxford  News.

 In tonight's programme: Get it sorted.

 Royal Mail under fire  from customers who say it's failing to deliver letters on time.

  Also: It's got the power: Oxford gears up for electric cars.

 But  would you make the switch from the fuel pump to the plug point? It is  a good option because fuel prices are astronomical.

  And in South Today: Water versus air.

 Why one of the South's biggest  holiday companies is backing cruising over flying.

 Royal Mail  has been accused of failing to provide a first class service for  customers.

 Several businesses in Oxfordshire have contacted the BBC  saying they have noticed a decline in the service, but Royal Mail  insists 92 % of first class mail is delivered the next day.

 The latest  commemorative stamps released today celebrating the work of  Thunderbirds's creator.

 But just how good is the service the Royal  Mail provides? A number of businesses have punters to us with  complaints -- have contacted us.

 have been chased by our suppliers  for payment.

 Cheques have not arrived.

 They are having to follow  up with the e-mails and phone calls to make sure people have received  quotes.

 The us firm has not alone.

 The Federation of Small businesses  in Oxford has also noticed a change.

 Post is getting lost, taking longer  to get to places.

 Certainly not to first class service.

 Second class  is really slow.

 Fromelles aims to deliver first-class post the next  day -- Royal Mail aims.

 We decided to test this severs our cells.

 Last  Thursday, we posted 50 letters to and from different addresses across  Oxfordshire.

 The result appears to back up anecdotal evidence that the  first-class service is not living up to its promise.

 28 arrived the  following day, just over half.

 Three, on Saturday, three more on  Monday.

 And one today.

 15 of the 50 posted five days ago have still not  arrived.

 The Royal Mail have pointed us to their own figures,  showing that 92 % of first class mail is delivered the next day.

 But  they did not bark -- answer our questions about the local service,  which is now controlled from a huge centre in Swindon were all of  Oxfordshire's posters prices.

 Well now have not let us film inside --  oil mayor have not but this film inside to see how the operation  works.

 But we have spoken to ordinary post men and women.

 They  are not optimistic about the future.

 They say it if privatisation goes  ahead, customers can expect to pay higher prices but receive a worse  service.

 That is not a message anyone who relies on the press will  want to hear.

 So, how have you fed with the post  in the past few weeks? We would A man has been arrested in  connection with a sexual assault on a five-year-old girl in Swindon.

  The goal was assaulted in a 99p store in Havelock Street -- on  year's Eve.

 She had wandered away from her mother and was attacked in  the corner of the shop.

 The man has been questioned by police.

  With fuel prices now at a record high and a rise in duty expected in  April, could electric cars be a realistic transport option for  motorists in Oxfordshire? A network of plugging.

 Has been installed in  Oxford.

 One Oxfordshire driver not having to worry about the price at  the pumps.

 Matthew Buttery has been driving an electric car for the  past four months to see if there are feasible alternatives to fuel  best vehicles.

 The benefit, an extra £200 saved each month.

 It  only cost him one pound 50 to charge his car every night.

 I think  the technology is there.

 They just need to be more widespread.

 The AA  says we are spending 10 million walk a year on petrol and diesel  than this time last year.

 On average, the government gets 60 p  from duty.

 The supply makes 21 p with the -- the supplier makes 21p  with VAT.

 I would seriously consider red.

 Particularly around  Oxford, if you're travelling locally.

 A think the concept is  great.

 It is a good option, fuel prices are astronomical now.

  Fuelled protests in 2000 forced the government to take notice and some  feel action this needed again.

 you get behind me, we will do a  proper, political campaign.

 We live in a democracy.

 Surely if we can  get millions of people behind us the government will have to listen.

  The concept is still in its infancy, but a major manufacturer it is  still testing the idea.

 22 points have been installed in Oxford.

  Matthew may well prove to be one of the first to sample how will be  driving in the future.

 Campaigners opposed to plans for a  waste incinerator in Buckinghamshire have won a small  victory.

 They have been a County Hall this morning to try to  condense the council to reconsider its decision to award the Waste  Recycling Group's bidding status to build the plant near Calvert.

  Children in backing should have been shelling races in the red card.

  It is part of a scheme run with professional football clubs to  tackle discrimination both on and off the pitch.

 It has already  involved thousands of pupils across the county but its future is in  doubt because of council Budget cuts.

 For many of these children,  this may be the first time they had ever discussed the subject of  racism.

 The show races in the red card campaign has been in football  for a long time.

 Some of the biggest names in sport packet.

 But  it is taken the experiences of real footballers in the classroom and  that is what is really working.

 always knew what they will -- I  always knew they were large, but they did not know what they were.

  It sometimes breaks your heart Willis and the experiences some  children have had.

 The slam was one of the first black players to play  for England.

 He says things have changed since his playing days, but  there's no room for complacency.

 you get towards the crowd, they can  really abuse you.

 You would get fruit thrown at you and sometimes  abuse from opposition players.

 Very tough at times to deal with.

 And  you have to deal with it on your own.

 Around 1000 children in  Buckinghamshire have already taken part in this scheme.

 Someone was  being mean to me and I did not like it, so if I went and told them,  they would get told off.

 People can get murdered for it.

 It can go back  out of hand.

 You should never judge a book by its cover.

 Racism is a  hard thing to forget about.

 By now the future of the scheme in  Buckinghamshire is in doubt because of council cuts.

 It could be able  not just be racism which are shown the red card to.

  In sport, Wycombe Wanderers are hoping to get through to the next  round of the FA cup tonight.

 They'll be hoping to put Saturday's  three-nil league defeat at Crewe behind them as they play fellow  League Two side Hereford.

 It's the third round of the FA Cup.

 The  winner will face Sheffield Wednesday.

 It doesn't matter who  were playing, you prepare in the same way.

 We have done that.

 We  know where Hereford are in the league table.

 We played them not  long ago and they give a really good account of themselves and  caused a lot of problems.

 It will be a difficult tie.

  How did Oxford Brookes University fared against Christ College  Cambridge last night on University Challenge? On which part of the  human skeleton is the trapezium

 -- with hour online service.

 See  Welcome to Friday's Reporting Scotland.

 Tonight on your national  news.

 Gerry Rafferty's last ovation -  hundreds gather for the funeral of the Scots singer-songwriter.

  A Scots lorry driver accused of offences against young boys appears  in court in Romania.

 On the march - Craig Brown's worked  wonders at Aberdeen, but now the Dons are back at Celtic Park, the  scene of their record defeat.

 And the new BBC programme looking  at the lives of three priests, including the ups - and downs - of  "The greatest songwriter we ever produced" - the tribute paid by  writer and artist John Byrne at the funeral of his friend Gerry  Rafferty, who grew up with him in Paisley.

 Rafferty was best known  for his 1978 hit single Baker Street, but today hundreds of  people gathered to offer their respects to the father and  grandfather who shied away from fame.

 Pauline McLean reports.

  Not Baker Street, but the street closer to home, just half a mile  from where he was born.

 Family and friends gathered for his funeral.

  Fellow musicians were among the mourners, as well as politicians,  including the First Minister.

 This was just one of the hundreds of  songs he wrote, but it opened the door to worldwide fame.

 Haughey in  the that the man known as Gerald to family, shied away from.

  searched for renewal, and peace in his life.

 He always searched for a  more authentic way to live his life.

 Shunning the outward trappings of  fame, and celebrity.

 So that he might live the way that he chose to  live, to be himself.

 His closest friend talked of the passion he had  the music from an early age.

 His sense of humour, and his musical  legacy.

 He had hundreds and hundreds of wonderful, brilliant  and marvellous, and very affecting songs.

 He was just a great  songwriter, the greatest we have ever produced, by a long, long way.

  Then his family, including his daughter Martha, paid their own  Fans came from the local area, and further afield.

 I needed to be here  for this.

 It is important to me to pay my condolences to somebody, I  always loved his music, I think he's the best song writer ever, he  is way underrated.

 Hopefully he will get more popular.

 In the  States, he is public, but nothing like here.

 Just his music was so  wonderful, we are local, and we just wanted to pay our respects.

  And it was the people of his home town who gave one last round of  applause, as their most famous son made his final journey.

  A Scots lorry driver has appeared in court in Romania accused of  offences against young boys.

 James Connor, who's from Glasgow, was  arrested last August.

 He denies the charges and asked the judge for  more time to prepare his defence.

 Reevel Alderson has more.

  Arrested in Romania in August.

 Lorry-driver James Connor from  Glasgow is accused of abusing children here, and possessing child  pornography.

 Two boys, one of whom had been reported missing, were  found in his cab.

 He was given the chance in court to admit his guilt  and receive a reduced sentence, but he maintains his innocence.

  Proceedings were held in private because miners are involved.

 After  a short hearing, the case was adjourned to allow him more time to  prepare his defence.

 TRANSLATION: I can tell you that the defendant was  heard by the court.

 One of the victims was had, and he asked for  damages to be paid.

 The defendant was given a date so he can study  the case filed against him.

 A but the mother of one of the children  found with him says she thinks he did nothing wrong.

 TRANSLATION: The  children know better what went wrong, they were there.

 Did you not  ask him what happened? TRANSLATION: They told me they went with him,  and he gave them something to eat and that was it.

 James Connor told  the court the pornography found on the laptop wasn't his, he had  recently bought a computer.

 His lawyer said his rights have been  violated during the police investigation.

 One of his alleged  victims told the court he had been abused, but the sister of one of  the other boys says nothing happened.

 TRANSLATION: Know, we  were also a hospital, and he also said that he gave him booed and  drinks.

 That is it.

 He told me the man came and gave him money, but  did not abused them, and he showed them dorms on a laptop.

 There will  be a further hearing, at which witnesses will be called, next  month.

 You're watching Reporting Scotland  from the BBC.

 Still to come before seven:  Cash or conscience - the message to customers who queued up to get  double their money at a hole in the wall.

  In sport, Craig Brown's Aberdeen revolution hit Celtic Park.

  And as Kenny Miller shows off his skills in Turkey, we will ask who  Ed Miliband has said Scotland has had four years of broken promises  from the SNP and deserves a fresh start.

 But the visit was  overshadowed by political events elsewhere.

  With just over 100 days until the Scottish elections, this was  Labour's turn to sell its message and its leaders.

 Ed Miliband  arrived in Dalkeith knowing his party has a 10 point lead in the  polls here.

 But the message got buried under bad news.

 I am sorry  to have lost Alan Johnson, because he was a very able Shadow  Chancellor, and I'm sorry that for personal reasons, he has resigned.

  And did not so bad.

 Has Andy Coulson done the right thing?  have been saying for months that there are real question marks about  his ability to do his job.

 But for Labour, this was about selling the  next First Minister of Scotland.

 would be a great First Minister of  Scotland, he is a statesman, it is not about being a showman.

 But the  SNP want this to be a battle of personalities.

 Ian Gray does still  suffer from the reputation that he is not only grey by name, but by  nature as well.

 Whether or not he can communicate by the -- to the  public and convince him he will be an acceptable alternative to Alex  Salmond.

 A Ed Miliband has also had a shaky start in the popularity  stakes.

 If I'm honest, I'm not terribly impressed, but time will  tell, it is early days.

 He has not really done much, has he? But what  politician does? He is younger, he has any will ideas.

 He seems to  have some good ideas up.

 But time will tell.

 I used to vote for  Labour, but I don't really buy it for that now! And Ed Miliband  wouldn't change a mine? I don't think so.

 This is a Labour leader  his popularity in the polls is lower even than Michael Butt's was,  but you still more popular than Tony Blair was in 2007.

 Labour hope  that is going to translate into more boats in May.

  A woman has been sexually assaulted and slashed in the face in a park  in Paisley.

 She was attacked at 3.

30pm yesterday, as she bent down  to tie her shoe lace.

 Catriona Renton has more details.

  This is a popular park, with children and dog-walkers.

 And  yesterday, a 46-year-old woman, who is recovering from an operation,  decided to go for a walk.

 But in broad daylight, she was attacked.

  It was foggy yesterday afternoon at about half past three, when the  woman was walking on her own through the park.

 She stopped Tisha  -- tie her shoelace.

 A man grabbed her from behind.

 He indecently  assaulted her, he then punched her to the ground, and slashed her on  the face.

 And then he made off in the direction of the main road.

 The  woman managed to get to a local shop to ask for help.

 She was taken  to hospital, where she stayed overnight.

 She is now extremely  shaken.

 I want members of the public to use the park to come  forward and to identify themselves, and speed to be police officers, we  have a number of them in the park, identify yourself to them, speak to  them about who you see in the park.

 If you saw anything unusual  yesterday, please get in touch with us at Paisley C I D.

 These people  who regularly use the park say they are shocked by what happened.

  a family park.

 It is lovely for the kids.

 It is shocking what happened  yesterday.

 I never thought this would happen.

 A police press this  type of incident is unusual in this area.

 -- police stress.

 There are  extra officers on patrol at this evening to reassure the public.

  Some of the other stories across Scotland this Friday:  Rescuers searching for a missing prawn fisherman have found his  empty boat.

 The Breadwinner was found partly submerged on rocks off  the island of Whalsay.

 But there's no sign of the skipper, Neil Smith,  and a search for him has been continuing.

 The 10-metre trawler  failed to return last night to Lerwick Harbour.

  Human remains found in a disused quarry near the Scottish border in  Cumbria are thought to be those of an Edinburgh woman who went missing  last year.

 55-year-old Elizabeth Brown was last seen getting off a  bus in the centre of the capital in May.

 A post-mortem will be carried  out next week.

 Stocks of a special liquid which  can tackle hard-packed snow and ice on Scotland's roads at extreme low  temperatures are to be distributed across the country.

 It's to be used  after the failure of salt to make an impact on clearing roads in the  recent extreme weather.

 Now, what would you do? A cash  machine gives out double the amount of money it should.

 When the  operator finds out, it says it won't pursue anyone for the cash,  but, instead, asks customers to examine their consciences.

 That's  what happened at one ATM in Dundee, from where Andrew Anderson sent  this.

 This is the machine that started  playing double your money last night.

 I can tell you it is no  longer doing that, I have just asked it for a tenner, and add 10  at is what I got.

 But this time last night, there were about 50 or  60 people queuing up around the block waiting to use the machine,  after news went out that it was paying out twice what people were  asking had four.

 Such a large queue raised suspicions.

 The police were  called, the company that run the machine were informed, and not  surprisingly, they should go down very quickly indeed.

 No doubt to  the disappointment of some people.

 The problem was with the cassettes  which house the cash, they had apparently been incorrectly loaded,  and that was leading to the machine paying out twice what it was being  asked for.

 The operators of this ATM are not divulging to ask how  much people walked away with, but they said that they are not going  to be pursuing any one.

 However, there is a helpline number on the  machine, the company said that anyone whose conscience may be  pricking them, can call them up and arrange to return the money.

 So far  today, that number has taken how many calls? Not one! Not a single  phone call.

 I'm told Denmark were people walking away from this  machine with broad smiles.

 No doubt they will still be smiling today.

  In 1823, a chemist in Glasgow put a layer of rubber in between two  cotton sheets and created a new waterproof fabric.

 His name was  Charles MacIntosh, and he'd just invented the material that would  make the raincoat that would become known as the Mac.

 Almost two  centuries on, the company that bears his name is opening a fashion  store in London.

 Lisa Summers has Commentator: weather prophets tell  us there is some risk of sunshine in summer, so it pays to be  prepared.

 It inspired a revolution in fashion,  a simple jacket that had originally been designed as a coat for the  masses.

 It was the work of a Glasgow chemist, Charles Macintosh,  whose experiments with a by-product of heart resulted in what we now  know at the iconic Mac.

 It is now considered luxury rainwear, a  trademark of the famous name.

 Now a new store in London will bear its  name.

 The challenge it has is to hang on to the tradition, not give  in to pressures to perhaps bring in machinery or do things quickly, and  somehow make people aware that it is actually quite fashionable as  well as practical.

 Macs will continue to be made at the Verne's  factory in Cumbernauld.

 Employees are trained for three years in  technique and it takes a number of days to make each code by hand.

  Some codes are worth up to £1,000, and every day York might is on  making sure you get everyone right.

 -- Cotes.

 15 years ago the  Macintosh and brand was in danger of disappearing forever until the  company was bought by a Japanese firm.

 Without the foreign  investment, which was critical for us to set up a pathway for  Macintosh expand into international markets, financial pressures are  always exist to take things of sure, but we have decided against that  and are continuing to make things here in Scotland and England.

  the bbc.

co.

uk/humberside has become synonymous with all types of  rainwear.

 -- now the word Mac.

 Sport now.

  Good evening.

 Water smith says he has money to spend on players from  the £400,000 sale of Kenny Miller to Bursaspor.

 They will have to be  loan signings, though, because there is in not enough cash for  loan -- transfer fees.

 The target is a defender and after the  departure of the top goalscorer, a striker.

 Do we already know  Miller's successor? Kenny Miller getting the pop-star  treatment from supporters of his new employers in Turkey.

 Meanwhile  things are less frantic at his former club where it does not seem  to be any panic about finding his replacement.

 -- there does not seem.

  If that because he is already there? We have James Beattie.

 We  have other goalscorers.

 We have Lafferty.

 I think he can get 20  this season.

 Jelovic Only came back from a four-month lay-off the other  day and scored.

 He has come from another country to play in Scotland.

  He was very disappointed to get injured at Tynecastle.

 Three months  later he is starting again and we are hopeful from what we have seen  that he can fill the gap which Kenny Leeds.

 If he does he may  receive the kind of adulation from Rangers fans that Bursaspor  supporters are lavishing on Kenny Miller.

 Then again, maybe not!  Staying with things green and white, Celtic have dropped their interest  in the Everton striker James Vaughan.

 His appearance of the  bench at the weekend means he has now played for two clubs already  this season.

 Neil Lennon now turns his attention elsewhere and has  admitted that signing a striker is his January priority.

 Just how  close is he? At only can say that I am hopeful.

 I don't want to get too  excited.

 We are working on two or three options.

 Without sticking my  neck on the block, we are closing to get one or two of them.

  November last year, a day that will live long in the memories of Celtic  and Aberdeen fans for very different reasons.

 It finished 9-0  to the Glasgow club, the Dons worst ever defeat and it signalled the  end of Mark McGhee.

 The teams meet for the first time since then  tomorrow and things have taken a turn for the bat at Pittodrie.

  The tunnel, Celtic Park, Glasgow, just before 3 o'clock on Saturday  6th November last year.

 Nobody 9-0, a record defeat for the Dons.

  Soon manager Mark McGhee would be banished.

 But, since then, there  has been something of a far reaching and drastic change.

 Since  the last visit to Celtic Park, it has not been mentioned and will not  be.

 We do not talk about it, everyone has been positive.

  unbeaten since he arrived, does browner see the return to Celtic  Park as his biggest challenge yet? -- does Craig Brown? They are  competing very strongly for the championship and we have to admit  that we are not in that category.

 Really, when you play a major  opponent around you in the S P L, that is a bigger challenge.

 Results  breed confidence, and the confidence is high at this moment.

  Aberdeen and Celtic play three times in the next three days -- 10  days.

 By then we will know whether it is a true revolution or one of  long-term, gradual change.

 Andy Murray is in third round  action at the Australian Open later.

 He faces world No.

 32, Guillermo  Garcia-Lopez.

 He was training in the Melbourne sunshine earlier  today after a straight-sets win over Ilya Marchenko from the  Ukraine yesterday.

 Attention turns to the Spaniard who he knows fairly  well.

 I have practised with him a few times so I know his game are  fairly well.

 He has a single-handed backhand with a lot of top-spin,  like a lot of the Spaniards.

 He has improved his game a lot on the hard  courts and beat Rafal Nadal at the end of last year so it he is a  tough a planet.

 A Edinburgh rugby have been boosted by the news that  Tim this has signed a two year contract extension.

  -- investor.

 If it means he will be with the side until 2013.

 -- Tim  Visser.

 He will also be eligible to play for Scotland at the end of  Father Ted, Hebridean-style, about to hit our TV screens it that this  is the real life version.

 The BBC cameras have been following three  priests on the largely Catholic islands of Barr and South Uist.

 The  series follows the priests carrying out their pastoral duties but also  their hidden talents which include golfing, hiking and crofting.

 --  piping and crofting.

 Centred around the arrival of a new  young priest, it has been billed as the real-life Father Ted with the  starring roles for the most colourful natives.

 Entertaining it  certainly is.

 Do you always drive as fast as this? You are going to  be a real Father Ted now, everybody has said to me.

 I have always loved  coming to the island.

 The people are characters, or a right go.

 The  mainland has characters but there are always more characters on the  island.

 A on hand to help the rookie settle in his the father  from the neighbouring island, responsible for the judge Croft.

 He  will also be instilling the importance of friendly rivalry with  local parishioners.

 A every year we have an agricultural show.

 Her  hands always win, but next year, Flora will be in second place!  is the one to beat.

 I don't think so.

 These series will also explore  issues affecting the islanders, and casting a wary eye over the  proceedings his father Calum, who has lived and worked in the  Hebrides for most of his life.

 People will understand you and are  very forgiving, maybe, of your weaknesses.

 He will grow, I think,  with the sort of personality that he has.

 The programme will show how  life in an island parish may seem idyllic at times, but the new  priest will discover the pitfalls as well.

 Has a car ever gone over  the side here? Yes, with a priest inside it! He was inside it? A yes,  it was a Mini.

 Was he injured? too badly.

 Jackie O'Brien,  Reporting Scotland.

 You can see the programme "An  Island Parish" on BBC Two at 7:30pm tonight.

  Just before the weather, a reminder that our money expert will be back  next Wednesday.

 He will look at the prospects for the mortgage market  in the coming year.

 If you have a The frost was back with a vengeance  today is so let's see what the High pressure this week has kept  things settled and trite for many of us but variable amounts of cloud.

  We have seen some good spells of sunshine here in Durban harbour,  but there has been a persistent fog lingering in some parts of the  region.

 -- Irving a harbour.

 We have this week front set to bring  with it an increase in cloud and some patchy rain.

 On the north  coast and east coast, too, but it should not amount to much.

 Mostly  tonight it will be dry with clear spells, misty and murky with  freezing fog forming readily.

 Temperatures as low as minus seven  or minus eight in rural parts.

 Not quite as cold further north.

 A  chilly start to tomorrow with Frost and fog problems.

 We have seen this  stick around in the past few days.

 But for many it will be a fine day,  largely dry and bright with spells of sunshine in the southern up  plans and low land.

 Temperatures around four Celsius.

 Just below the  seasonal average.

 In Perthshire, we will see some sunshine.

 For more I  and the north islands it will tend to be cloudier but milder.

 -- more  -- Moray.

 Eight there will be spots of patchy rain arriving later in  the day.

 It will be fresher towards the north coast.

 Most of the ranges  tomorrow will be dry and bright with spells of sunshine.

 The  persistent fog and Lo cloud will linger in the valleys.

 The winds  will be a bit stronger in the north-west Highlands with gusts up  to 35 mph.

 The freezing level will be around 3,500 feet.

 Excellent  conditions on the upper mountains, but lower down it looks a bit thin  and sparse.

 Sunday, high pressure continues to dominate.

 As a mainly  dry, settled the match with some bright or sunny spells and a few  spots of patchy rain in the north.

 Next week, things are set to become  just a touch colder.

 Not quite as cold as it was through December.

  A summary of the top stories: The Prime Minister's director of  communications has resigned following allegations of phone  hacking at the News of the world, where he was editor.

 He said the  continuing controversy had made it impossible to do his job.

  Hundreds of people have gathered in Paisley for the funeral of Gerry  Rafferty, the man best known for the song Baker Street.

 He has been  described as the greatest songwriters Scotland has ever  produced.

 Tony Blair has told Iraq inquiry  that he regrets deeply and profoundly the loss of life in the  war.

 He returned to give evidence to the inquiry one year after he  first appeared.

 His comments were greeted with jeers from some  members of the audience.



 Free to talk.

 Convicted murderer  Eddie Gilfoyle's gagging order is lifted.

 He vows to prove he didn't  kill his wife.

 Good evening.

 Welcome to NorthWest  Tonight.

 I'm Gordon Burns.

 And I'm Ranvir Singh.

  Also in the programme: A mother's plea to have her son  sectioned just hours before he set himself on fire.

  From stopping goals to scoring points.

 Burnley defender Clarke  Carlisle makes a footballer's debut on BBC Question Time.

  Manchester has become THE place to talk on Twitter.

 That is the way  this nation is going, I think everyone is promoting themselves  And how far would you go in your quest for love? We will meet  Jennifer, who has travelled from Los Angeles to Manchester to find  Mr Right.

 Find out why later.

 But first, for 18 years Eddie  Guilfoyle -- Eddie Gilfoyle has protested his innocence of murder.

  He was released on parole and told he could not talk about his case.

  Now the order banning him from speaking has been lifted.

  He was convicted of murdering his pregnant wife Paula at their home  on the Wirral.

 He said it was suicide and he will not be free  until his conviction is quashed.

 -- he will not be properly free.

  Polar and Eddie Gilfoyle on their wedding day.

 Three years later  Paula was found hanged in the garage of their home.

 She was eight  months pregnant.

 At first police treated it as suicide but then  Eddie was arrested for murder.

 It is claimed he got her to write a  fake suicide note and put her neck in the noose.

 He has always decide  -- denied the charge.

 He was released on parole last month.

 At  first the Parole Board banned him from commenting but that has now  been lifted and in a statement he His supporters say the original  police inquiry was flawed, and the jury were misinformed about the  likelihood of suicide in pregnancy.

 Nobody from Paula's side of the  family wanted to be interviewed today but his sister Margaret  Glover told me that nothing Eddie Gilfoyle can say can alter the  facts in the case.

 -- her sister.

 For Eddie Gilfoyle and his  supporters, the battle to clear his A mother has been telling an  inquest how she begged doctors to detain her mentally ill son for his  own good.

 Sheila Rothwell feared he was a danger to himself, and others.

  But experts decided he was not ill enough to be sectioned.

  The following day Ian Foster set fire to himself, and died on the  beach in Blackpool.

 Our chief reporter Dave Guest is on the  promenade there now close to where it happened.

 Dave?  Yes, it was in September 2006 that Ian Foster came down to the beach,  near the North Pier just over there, doused himself with petrol and set  himself on fire.

 24 hours earlier his mum had pleaded with doctors to  keep him in hospital for his own safety.

 They did not do so and  today she told an inquest, four is on, that the medical profession had  failed her son.

 Dave, what does his mum Phil went  wrong with the system that she wanted help from?  She says that her son had mental health problems for a number of  years, and received treatment.

 But she told the inquest today that two  days before he was killed, he had been arrested by police because he  said he had a bomb strapped to his body and was going to set it off.

  Apparently he hoped the police would shoot him dead in a bizarre  suicide attempt but of course they did not.

  What did happen to him, after that? They took him to a mental health  unit in Blackpool where he received treatment, and had received  treatment in the past.

 His mum said that the day before he died she was  on the vote to the hospital pleading with the medical teams to  section him, to keep him in hospital to save him from himself  and safeguard others.

 She told doctors he had made violent threats  towards her and other members of the family and had a history of  suicide attempts.

 But she did the doctors did not listen to her and  did not section him.

 She was so worried that she wanted  him sectioned as you say, so why did they not section him?  Dr John Matthews was one of the team who assessed him in hospital,  and he told the inquest today, with colleagues, but when they  interviewed Ian Foster he was not sufficiently ill to warrant being  sectioned under the terms of the Mental Health Act.

 He was in  hospital voluntarily, and as such they could not insist he stayed on  the ward.

 On the afternoon of 6th September 2006, he left the  hospital, went down to the beach, and set himself on fire.

 In his  mother's view, the medical profession failed to protect her  son from himself.

 That inquest continues tomorrow, they were here  from an expert witness who inquired into the way his care was handled  by the local trust, and the coroner will then pronounced the verdict.

  That is tomorrow.

 Police investigating child  exploitation in Rochdale have arrested two men.

 The men, 43 and  34, remain in custody for questioning.

 Nine other men  arrested as part of this investigation remain on police bail.

  The arrests are the result of an inquiry into the sex doll -- sexual  exploitation of teenage girls.

 The family of a teenage cycling  champion killed when his bike collided with a van have paid  tribute to him.

 Lewis Balyckyi was cycling around 5 o'clock on North  Road last Tuesday when the accident happened.

 He had gained a place on  a French semi-professional road cycling team before his death.

  A man accused of killing a 30-year- old man in Cheshire has been bailed.

  Wayne Basnett died in hospital after being shot in Hale Village  near Widnes last week and police are appealing for information.

  A Merseyside MP says the area's police force is taking more than  its fair share of funding cuts.

 Merseyside Police wanted to cut its  budget by £66 million in four years.

 The Labour MP for Liverpool West  Derby, Stephen Twigg, raised his concerns in the Commons today.

  Merseyside acquires 80% of its funding for police service from  government, whereas Surrey only 50%.

 So the Government cuts hit  Merseyside much harder than they hit Surrey.

 How can that be fair?  A woman was looking forward to the birth of her first child at  Stepping Hill Hospital but what happened in the next few hours  resulted in the death of her child Harley Hikin-Balderson.

 A Stockport  coroner has criticised the medical team at Stepping Hill Hospital or a  catalogue of errors.

 Now a medical law expert involved  in the case says Paul obstetric care is a growing problem across  the country.

 -- bad obstetric care.

 500 babies per year die as a result  of labour or during labour.

 A shrine to the baby they never had  the opportunity to bring home.

 thought I would make a bad up and  put his name plate in it.

 It will stick with us every time we want to  have a bit of a cry.

 Harley's death still affects his parents, Robert  and Kirsty.

 They can't bring themselves to alter his nursery.

  An inquest ruled Harley died as a result of medical misadventure.

 A  blood sample was wrongly interpreted, which meant doctors  delayed a vital caesaerean section for two hours, instead using  suction and forceps.

 You expect to come out of that hospital carrying  your baby.

 We came out with a box, with just a few photos and memories.

  It is absolutely heartbreaking.

 Especially when you hear that it is  for the sake of probably half an hour.

 Half an hour earlier, and he  might have been hung.

 Lena Savjani represented Harley's  parents, and is an expert on medical law.

 Sadly this is not the  first case we have seen where poor obstetric care has led to death.

 We  see a lot of cases where it has resulted in a permanent injury for  a child.

 It is common.

 I think it has got to a point where the NHS  really need to learn lessons from this.

  Stockport coroner John Pollard said the delays in Harley's case were  "inexcusable" and is to write to the NHS asking consultant doctors  to give clearer advice to junior doctors.

 Stockport NHS Foundation  Trust said in a statement it regretted the tragic outcome in  this case, and would respond to any Kirsty and Robert just hope those  lessons are learned and other Still to come: A first for  professional footballers as Burnley's Clarke Carlisle warmed up  for BBC's Question Time.

 Anne-Sophie Hancock take the plunge  as she had to New Zealand for the Paralympic world championships.

  Just to be out there representing Rio Ferdinand has 440,000.

 World  champion Amir Khan 100,000.

 And I have over 5,000.

 Twitter followers,  that is.

 And we are all based in Greater Manchester.

  I have none at! Perhaps it is not surprising to hear that, in a  European league table of Twitter users, Manchester is third in the  whole of Europe.

 According to Twitter Grader which collects the  figures only London and Paris have more Twitters.

  This is the live feed.

 You can do everything on it.

 Lottie it is  tweeting.

 I find Stephen Fry a bit of a legend anyway but he puts  tweets out when he goes abroad.

 He is currently in Jerusalem so it is  interesting.

 She is a student nurse, a member of a select Manchester  group which includes Rio Ferdinand and North West Tonight.

 It is  another way of having a conversation with our audience  while the programme is going out.

 We get a regular amount of tweets  into account commenting on our output, and presenters.

 A experts  disagree about how to calculate figures so, take them with a pinch  of salt.

 But Twitter Grader claimed more people Tweet in Manchester  than anywhere else in Europe other than London and Paris.

 A aren't  very unscientific research threw up a bit of a surprise? It is not my  type of thing.

 Facebook and stuff is not me.

 It is just people  rambling on about themselves.

 Go and tell your mates, don't put it  on the Web! You might think one of the reasons that Manchester is so  high in the league table is that there are so many students here,  but we just stopped 25 people, most of them students, at random.

 Of  those, only two admitted to Tweet regularly.

 Maybe it is not them  doing it but the teachers.

 Twitter communities, at least in Manchester,  are quite diverse.

 So you have people like Paul Grainger from the  Manchester Digital Development Agency, people from Manchester City  Council engaging with it.

 A if it is less than five years since  Twitter appeared but according to one survey, Manchester is at the  forefront.

 People get into trouble for  So, are you a fan of Twitter and if you are, what do you use it for? We  would like to know, get in touch I wonder if this next chap tweets.

  I imagine he does.

 He has been dubbed Britain's brainiest football  and tonight Burnley's Clarke Carlisle swaps his boots for  politics.

 He will become the first professional footballer to appear  on the BBC Question Time panel while still playing professionally.

  He says he is hoping to offer a layman's perspective on political  issues when the programme is Clarke Carlisle tackled a little  friendly banter today.

 But it wasn't his sporting performance  that was getting all the attention.

 Tonight he'll swap the pitch for a  political panel.

 Welcome to The players have offered more  banter than we have because we are just proud to have someone like him  as ambassadors for the club.

 He is representing us in an important  role.

 Alongside him debating the issues of the day will be a Burnley  fan, former spin doctor Alistair Campbell, as well as Environment  Secretary Caroline Spelman, Liberal Democrat Simon Hughes and former MP  It is good for the town and for Burnley Football Club.

 I hug a lot  of people from Burnley tune in to watch it.

 He was the first  footballer on Countdown as well, so he is a good choice.

 They are all  betrayed as being money grabbers, flash, picking up women.

 So it is  nice to see that he can actually discuss politics, the economic  climate, etcetera.

 The Clarets defender told his club's website  he's looking forward to the programme, saying, "I don't  consider myself to be a politics buff by any stretch of the  imagination but, with the economic crisis, having a young family and  the recent election, my wife and I He is articulate, forthright,  intelligent.

 He is a great speed and I think he will be great.

  programme will be broadcast on BBC His headmistress said that his  mathematics was so good at school that he was potentially an Oxbridge  candidate.

 Speaking of football, the man  brought in to replace Sam Allardyce at Blackburn Rovers has now been  given a two-and-a-half year contract.

 Last month Steve Kean was  appointed as temporary manager until the end of the season.

 Today  the club's Indian owners, the Venky Group, have announced he has a  contract until June 2013.

 They say they are impressed by his  enthusiasm and are confident the squad is in very safe hands.

  Bolton Wanderers have signed Middlesbrough defender David  Wheater for two.

 But that -- £2.

3 million.

 The 23-year-old, since  scoring here last month, has signed a three-and-a-half year contract.

  Owen Coyle says he is a talented player with Premier League  experience and Bolton beat of a lot of competition to sign him.

  Sophie Hancock from Bolton is an adventurer who's taken on many  challenges in her life.

 Despite having dwarfism, and undergoing  painful surgery on her legs, she's become a Paralympic shot-putt  champion.

 Now she's about to compete in the Paralympic World  Championships, which start tomorrow in New Zealand.

  This is Sophie Hancock leaping into the Zambezi near Victoria Falls  during an adrenalin-fuelled 1,500km People with my disability are seen  as a laugh, a joke.

 I wanted to show that we are tough cookies and  we can get out there and do the same as everybody else.

 Aged 11,  Sophie had surgery which eventually made her four inches taller.

  first love was swimming, but later she began competing in discus and  shot-putt.

 Having held a European shot-putt record, she's been  training hard for the Paralympic World Championships.

 I'm extremely  excited to be competing in New Zealand, it will be a fantastic  event with over 1,000 competitors.

 To be out there are representing  World Champion paralympic sprinter Oscar Pistorius will be among the  athletes featuring in tomorrow's opening ceremony in Christchurch.

  Sophie and a number of athletes from the North West can't wait for  the event to start.

 Really excited to be going to the world  championships.

 I have done a couple of major championships now, this  will be my first world championships, though.

 It will be  great to see, when it comes to a major competition, how I will do  against the people rent best in the world.

 New Zealand will be a tough  test as they prepare for the Olympics in London.

 Being in front  of your home crowd, hopefully been on the podium at London 2012, that  will be an amazing feeling.

 says it will be a long, hard  preparation for the Olympics but Would you be prepared to pack in  your career, sell up and move halfway across the world for love?  Jennifer Cook did, she was a screenwriter in Los Angeles but she  gave it all up to come here for a man.

 The trouble is she has not  actually met him, all found him yet.

 Maybe he is out there watching this  right now.

 Jennifer says he must be of "noble character".

 Her search  has been chronicled in what she describes as a kiss and tell but  discreet blog.

 How is she doing so far? She is here to tell us.

 As any  one match up yet? I have met a number of very charming and  handsome men.

 Noble? So far, so good.

 How do you define a noble?  think, first and foremost, there is kind ness and openness of character.

  And an ability to be present and willing.

 You cannot find these men  in Los Angeles? You had to come to Manchester? It is who I was in Los  Angeles, I was not able to recognise myself.

 So I had to lift  myself out of the city and create a vulnerability in a kind of way.

  Force myself to be open and look at the world in a different way.

  the north-west? You could have gone anywhere in the world?! I only  speak English! So that was the first thing.

 I wanted to come to  Europe, and I only speak English.

 A little French, but very bad.

  the north-west, though? My first thought was London but I realised  that everyone goes to London.

 Manchester is probably a bit more  of an unusual choice and more interesting to me on that level.

  How do you go about meeting then? and you hear so I don't know  anything.

 I don't know about the city, how the trams or buses were,  where they go.

 Our people-friendly? They are very friendly and warm.

  Men and women.

 There is a bit of a tough demesne at first, but then  they opened right up.

 -- have been enough.

 I am obviously gregarious.

  If anybody is watching and thinks he is Mr Wright, how does he get in  touch? On my block there an e-mail address but there is also an open  letter, my very first post that I ever wrote here in Manchester.

 It  is an open letter to him and it was very specifically what I know he  will have, the patients he will have to have with this kind of  grand gesture.

 This bit of an expired.

 My pledge to him in terms  of how I will take care.

 His and my feelings.

 In all seriousness, this  must be material for a new film? Actually, it is my life.

 But you  are looking for material, presumably? If you do not meet Mr  Right, you can put it into a film? If I don't need him I know I will  grow but I am writing already.

 -- if I don't need him.

 Most of my  life I hid my work.

 I work, work, work.

 I had no other life.

 People  you meet could end up in Avon? could.

 They could also end up in  your blog.

 They could also end up being analysed in public.

 My pledge  has always been that nobody's name will be mentioned.

 I am the only  one I make fun of.

 I am here to find love.

 It is not just a film a  project? I knew that I would have to combine my personal and  professional lives if I was ever going to give attention to my  personal life, because I can hide from my personal life.

 So if I am  the subject of my writing, then I absolutely without doubt will get  to the life.

 Good luck! I am sure there are lots of people  e-mailing end as we speak.

 Let Robert Redford play him in the  film! I can show you the pictures that  the Met Office have to offer but it is your photographs from the region  which show us what has been going on today.

 This first one is Haslam  Park in Preston.

 You cannot see it over 100 metres, and that has been  the picture for many of us.

 This one came in from vents.

 It is  from Glossop, looking down a cross Chelsworth trip to Manchester.

 --  it is from the Imps.

 -- from Vince.

 If you have not had fog today you  have been lucky.

 That weather has sat on top of us all day and to be  honest with you I cannot see a massive change through the next 48  hours.

 Maybe even the next three days.

 High pressure is over the top  of us, drifting out a bit into the Irish Sea but dragging in that  cloud cover so the eyes are bars are a long way apart.

 So there is  no wind.

 -- the isobars are a long way apart.

 In some places, the fog  has not left all day but it is starting to descend all over again  for many of us and it will get bigger and bigger at the night  wears on.

 Visibility a serious issue when you get up in the  morning.

 If you are very lucky and have clear skies where you are, we  almost have a full moon and it looks stunning up there.

 But mist  and fog descent, and temperatures will be quite low.

 As low as minus  three in sunspots.

 This weather will still be around first thing in  the morning.

 -- minus three in some areas.

 It will be culled until  lunchtime, and the mist may not clear in some parts of the area all  day.

 But you will see brightening in the Pennines as it did today in  some places, and fingers crossed, it will spread across the region  giving us an bow or two of sunshine for some people.

 But not everywhere.

  -- and how are all two.

 -- an hour or two.

 Same story on Friday, and  Well a short while ago we told you how Manchester ranked second in the  country, and third across the whole of Europe, for use of Twitter.

 Well  today we asked you to retweet a tweet that we put out to see how  many people we could reach.

 And I can tell you that as of a few  minutes ago our message had reached more than 22,000 people - among  them Elenor Smith, Chris Harding You have been flooding us but the  reasons for taking part.

 Lots of you said you'd like following  celebrities but some of you have other reasons, to get breaking news  for example.

 Jayne from sale says she has just joined Twitter and it  addictive.

 Simon's reasons for getting  involved are a bit different.

 He says it helps ton pass quicker  during the office commute into Manchester.

 -- it helped the time  pass quicker.



 Welcome to South East Today, I'm  Polly Evans.

 And I'm Rob Smith.

 Tonight's top  stories: The farm at the centre of an E-coli outbreak that affected 93,  leaving children with permanent damage, admits liability.

 We will  be reporting live from the farm in a few moments.

  Fearless, loyal and much loved - the body of a Kent soldier is  repatriated from Afghanistan, the first fatality of 2011.

  Also in tonight's programme: The riddle of the missing meerkat - was  the rodent stolen from a Kent wildlife park because of the  popularity of a TV advert campaign? There is an art to baring it all in  public - the Folkestone mother chosen to be immortalised as a  And on a winning run - giant killers Cawley Town celebrate a  Good evening.

 Dozens of children who became seriously ill after  visiting a popular petting farm will receive compensation payouts  after managers at the attraction accepted liability.

 93 people  contracted E-coli poisoning after visiting Godstone Farm in 2009.

  They include children who may now require transplants like twins  Aaron and Todd Furnell from Paddock Wood.

  They are lively three-year-old son now but just 15 months ago, they  were fighting for their lives.

 Twins Todd and Aaron spent weeks in  hospital in 2009 with it E-coli poisoning.

 They had kidney failure  so severe they may still need transplants in the future.

 They are  very energetic, lively, happy boys.

 Very playful and you would not know  at the moment that there was anything wrong with them but we do  not know what the long-term will be.

 I have been told when they hit  puberty they could have problems.

 The twins had visited -- Godstone  Farm where there had been petting animals which naturally carry a  strain of E-coli in their guts.

 If the bacteria is ingested by humans,  it can be fatal.

 A total of 93 people who visit the farm became  infected by the bacteria.

 76 of those where children under the age  of 10.

 That prompted the farm to close on 12th September, four weeks  after the first case of E-coli was reported.

 Initially, the farm  denied any liability even though an independent report found they had  mishandled the outbreak.

 Now the BBC has learned they will not be  disputing any compensation claims.

 We will ask the court to order what  are called provisional damages which means there will be a small  award at this point to reflect what they have been through so far and  then at a later stage, if complications arise, we should be  able to reopen the case.

 For the twins, that compensation money  could be vital.

 Obviously, I want to achieve compensation that will  help them in the future, should they need long-term adult --  medical care.

 A judge will now decide how much money Godstone Farm  must now pay out.

 For Katherine Downes joins us live  from Godstone Farm.

 What action have managers at the farm actually  taken? After closing time, the owner of Godstone Farm took me into  show me the changes they had made to prevent any future outbreaks.

  There are hand-washing stations on practically every corner and they  have created a barn where animals which carry E-coli are kept  separate from visitors.

 Pigs will be watched from a viewing gallery.

  In a formal statement, the owners of the farm said the children who  had been infected have never been far from their thoughts and prayers  and they have thanked those who have continued to support the farm  since the E-coli outbreak.

 Thank you.

  He died on New year's Day, the first British soldier to be killed  in Afghanistan on 2011.

 Today, the body of Private Joseva Vatubua was  flown back home to Canterbury.

 His colleagues have described him as  fearless in battle, loyal and much loved.

  Flowers for a fallen soldier in Canterbury.

 Private Joseva Vatubua  killed by a bomb blast on the first day of the year.

 Today, his body  was returned home.

 At Canterbury Rugby Club where he played, they  will dedicate their next game to him.

 My thoughts of them are as an  athletic individual, a very honest guy and putting his heart and soul  into playing rugby.

 When you heard the news of what happened, how big  a shock was it for people here? was a big shock.

 I don't think many  people realised because you see the pictures on the news go up and you  tend to look and shake your head but the second glance at the  picture on that day, it was quite shocking actually.

 Originally from  Fiji, Private Joseva Vatubua had been in Afghanistan since October.

  He leaves behind a wife, Claudette.

 His family said: As a family we  cannot put into words how proud we are of Joseva.

 He loved his job and  he loved being in the Royal Regiment of Scotland.

 Here in  Canterbury where he was based, he was described as fearless in battle,  a young, loyal soldier who was at his best on operations when he was  acutely aware of what was expected of him.

 It is desperately sad but  Private Joseva Vatubua has paid the ultimate price.

 He and his wife who  relieves behind are very much in people's thoughts and prayers and  it is one more reminder of the third -- of the sacrifices that our  soldiers in Afghanistan are making.

 He is the 349th member of the UK  military to have died since operations began in Afghanistan in  2001.

 In a moment, trying to stay afloat.

  Struggling South East fishing fleets get their say on quotas.

  Now, he has been described as a happy-go-lucky peaceful family man  but tonight, people will be questioning people in sitting well  -- Sittingbourne to try and catch his killers.

 Adrian Milner was  punched to the ground two weeks ago.

 He died from his injuries in  hospital in London leading detectives to launch a murder  investigation.

 Adrian Milner was attacked as he  walked home with a friend in the early evening.

 Police believe it  was a single punch which left the 48-year-old father-of-two with  fatal injuries.

 Clearly, the family are devastated.

 He was a loving man,  close to his family and our thoughts go with them at this time.

  What is the information you are seeking? Any information at all  which may provide the identity of the offender in this case.

 Police  say there was a brief altercation before Adrian Milner was punched to  the ground here in Merston on the 28th of December.

 The force of the  blow called him to fall backwards and left him with fatal head  injuries.

 His death turned this from a case of GBH into a murder  investigation.

 CCTV images are being reviewed by detectives.

  Friends describe Adrian Milner as a loving, peaceful family man.

 There  was a glimmer of hope when he was in hospital that he would pull  through and everyone was rooting for him and was up lifted by that  and then we got the tragic news that he had passed away so,  everyone will be absolutely devastated.

 Two weeks on from the  attack and this evening, detectives will return to the scene to seek  new information and new witnesses.

 Two men have been arrested and  released on bail.

 Detectives hope the attacker may hand himself in  when he realises his violent actions have robbed a family and  friends of a much-loved man.

 A haemophiliac who contracted HIV  and hepatitis C through contaminated blood transfusions is  calling for a public inquiry.

 Mark Ward from Peacehaven was one of  thousands of people who received tainted blood in the 70s and 80s.

  Yesterday, the government offered additional compensation to some  victims but Mark is among others who do not qualify for a payout.

  Dover District Council has announced plans to form a merge  management team with neighbouring Shepway.

 Both councils will  continue the -- consider the plan in February.

  For the first completed wards are the new Pembury Hospital will start  receiving patients later this month.

 A hospital was the first in the NHS  to consist entirely of single en suite bedrooms.

  New rules making it harder for people without strong local links  to get on to the waiting list for social housing have been put in  place in Kent.

 Gravesham Borough Council have introduced the plants.

  They believe people could move in from London seeking cheaper housing  outside the capital.

 In a memo we will speak to the housing minister,  Grant Shapps.

 It may not look like much now the  Gravesham council plans to build its first new homes on this site  and under a new clause in their housing policy, first priority to  the homes will be given to local residents.

 We are down to below  6,000 council housing in Gravesham and we have a waiting list of 3,000  which is not a comfortable place to be in so we have a policy of local  homes for local people.

 The five new homes here will be adapted for  those with special needs.

 The council says they will be reserved  for people from the local area.

 That is a decision that has been  welcomed by some of those on the waiting list.

 I have got a special  needs child who is in a wheelchair so why would hate to think in my  case, I would be one of their priorities.

 I know for a fact there  are the families like me with children with disabilities.

 I hope  they would look at us as being priority on their list.

 Gravesham  is not the only council to take this stance.

 Brighton and Hove also  plan to make it easier for long- term residents to get a council  home.

 They are worried that changes to housing benefit will see an  influx of people looking for social housing.

 My main concern is people  who will be left without any housing at all, forced out of  London because of rising rents and reduced housing benefit.

 That  leaves a gap between what is affordable and what is available.

  Under the new rules, anyone hoping to move to Gravesham without any  local collection will have to face a special panel to see if they are  eligible to join the housing list.

 We are joined now by the Housing  Minister, Grant Shapps, from Westminster.

 Thank you for joining  us.

 Local homes for local people sounds good.

 It looks good on paper  but what is your reaction to the warning from charities that this  could lead to a rise in homelessness? We do not think that  any of the changes that have been made to housing benefit should have  any impact on homelessness overall.

 The same number of homes are there  and the same number of people chasing them.

 The big picture is to  build more homes which is what our policy is aimed at.

 As for  Gravesham's move, it is up to local authorities how they manage their  waiting list.

 It sounds like they have got bat in hand.

 They need not  do that for the purposes of being concerned about people moving  around because for all sorts of reasons, the changes to benefit  caps what sh will still pay up to £21,000 a year in rent, means  people will not move very far at all.

 But the cost of living in  London will be too much for some people after you cap housing  benefit payments which is likely to lead them to look for more  affordable housing in Kent or Sussex where councils are looking  at making homes solely available to local people so that seemingly  would lead to a rise in people not having homes available? For just to  be clear.

 Even after these changes, up to £21,000 in rent, even if you  do need to move, within your local housing area which would not reach  from the centre of London out to Gravesham, it is a much tighter  area, it still needs to be up to a third of properties available for  rent within those house and caps so there is no reason to think that  people would not -- would want to move that far.

 But some people move  around all the time.

 I think there is nothing wrong with the local  authority having local collections of -- connections being a reason to  prioritise people on the list and that is fine.

 It already happens to  extend.

 No one can be unreasonably refused housing and no -- nor  should they be.

 Homelessness trumps Dozens of children who became  seriously ill from E coli infection after visiting Godstone Farm in  Surrey are said to receive compensation after managers  excepted liability.

 93 people were affected.

 Some could suffer life's  -- lifelong health problems.

 Simples.

 The at campaign that could  have caused thieves to steal a meerkat.

 -- advertising campaign.

  And Crawley make it through to the 4th round of the FA Cup.

 Fishermen  in Kent and Sussex say they are finding it all but impossible to  keep their businesses afloat because of the EU quotas.

 Some say  that cod is the only viable species for them but they are only allowed  to land one every two days.

 The government is considering ways to  change the rules.

 Robin Gibson is live for us.

 Ministers actually  want to consult the fishermen themselves as to how the changes  could be made.

 One idea run the table is that perhaps management of  fish stocks should become more local.

 Fishermen understand what  fish they have in the sea, the local community understand the  importance of their fishing industry, why shouldn't they have a  say? The problem in Hastings in the moment is that the fishermen are  stuck fast.

 The today the fishermen here describe themselves as simply  beached.

 They would be working if they were allowed.

 At the moment we  have a situation where the whole fleet is tied up.

 The Hastings  fleet, like others around the Kent and Sussex Coast, say they are  being the ruined by new year quota restrictions.

 They could be out  there catching cod but, if they did, they would be forced to throw them  over the side.

 If you look at my allocation today, I am allowed one  half of a cod a day.

 If I go for two days I can land a whole one.

 I  have four people who get an living from my vessel.

 How can we possibly  go out there and catch enough fish to be financially viable? This  wasted fish is known as discards.

 All round our coast, fish like  these are being dumped because they can't be legally landed.

 It is all  in the name of conserving fish stocks and is the subject of a new  TV series by chef Hugh Fearnley- Whittingstall.

 The government says  it is in favour of reform of the system.

 I can understand the  frustration.

 I have seen it in the eyes of the fishermen in places  like Hastings where they are seeing loads of fish.

 But there are other  places where we want fish and we are not seeing it.

 We have to take  into account the benefit of the marine environment as a whole.

  will be a difficult circle to square.

 Few would argue that throw  dead fish back into the sea is a logical answer.

 It is a joke.

  bigger picture is the attempt to try to conserve fish stocks for the  long term.

 But here in Hastings there have been generations of  fishing families.

 It is nothing new to them, they believe in  sustainable fishing, they want to know what they are going to do  tomorrow about a job.

 Thank you.

 Now, if you happen to watch our  commercial competitors, it's been hard to escape a fictional meerkat  called Aleksandr Orlov.

 The Russian rodent in his smoking jacket is the  star of one of the most popular TV ads of all time.

  He's spawned the catchphrase "simples", even a bestselling  "autobiography".

 But now his popularity may have led to the  theft of a real meerkat from Wingham Wildlife Park in Kent.

 Ian  Palmer has more.

 They are meerkats and they are cool.

 So-called mack,  somebody has stolen one from Wingham Wildlife Park.

 -- so cool.

  They have either taken it because of the value or because they have  seen it on the TV.

 You can't dress them up and make them into pets.

  Cheaper car insurance, meerkats.

 Two very different things.

 Is this  advert the reason why meerkats are popular.

 What are meerkats like as  pets? According to the RSPCA, not very good.

 They borrowed tunnels  miles in length and they are social creatures, so keeping one would not  be advised.

 They feed on insects and small animals.

 In short, they  are not suited to the home.

 There are reports of a man trying to sell  a meerkat in the Canterbury area.

 Kent Police say that they are aware  of the development.

 The magic of the FA Cup is all  about David beating Goliath, and Sussex minnows Crawley Town have  become the latest giantkillers to write their name in the  competition's folklore.

 They're the only non-League side  left in the Cup, after a dramatic victory against Championship side  Derby County, who are three divisions higher than Crawley in  the football pyramid.

 Mark Norman has the story.

 The FA Cup.

 It is  famous for her at moments like this.

 One-1 in the 90th minute, Crawley  are the underdogs.

 Then this happens.

 - it has gone in! Crawley  have won it! They must be on their way to playing Torquay in round  four.

 When the ball hit the net, the whole place went crazy.

 It is  amazing.

 You can't say what you feel when you score a goal in that  situation.

 It was a goal that beat Derby County, the former champions  of England, whose ground holds over four -- 33,000 fans and whose  record signing cost £3.

5 million.

 Crawley's biggest success was  winning the Southern League Premier Division and whose record signing  cost less than £200,000.

 We had not won an FA Cup game for five years  before this year.

 It is a big thing.

 It is big for the town.

 PR, the  town feels better, people who do not really follow football suddenly  get involved.

 Fantastic.

 How about that? Extra-time winner, absolutely  perfect.

 Get rid of the big boys, bring in the little boys.

 I could  hear them from my bedroom screaming, it was brilliant.

 The fans are  loving it and looking forward to Torquay in the 4th round but,  despite the euphoria, the club are insisting that there priority is to  win promotion this season.

 The chief executive Alan Williams is  with us.

 Congratulations.

 How did you manage it? Hard work.

 I think  they got so excited for the game, playing against a big side.

 We have  some great quality in the team.

 The TV was there, it adds to the  excitement of the evening and they wanted to make a good show of  themselves and they did that.

 Sergio Torres would that winning  goal, you were there on the touchline.

 -- with that winning  goal.

 Absolutely amazing.

 Writing the corner, unbeatable.

 It could  not happen to a nicer lad.

 He really is a lovely young man and it  was a great goal.

 You have Torquay in the next leg.

 That is a good  thing, isn't it? Not great in terms of the money but great in terms of  getting through.

 Absolutely.

 We have really good chance against  Torquay.

 They are a good side, we need to be organised and prepared.

  But if there is a side you can beat in the next round, I would say it  is Torquay.

 I fancy our chances.

 Crawley Town has had all kinds of  financial problems in recent years.

 Now everything looks to be  improving.

 It looks that way! Certainly winning big games will  help us do that because success breeds success and it breeds a fan-  base.

 But more people who come to watch the games, the more income  that comes in.

 It snowballs.

 But it's no balls and a good way.

 -- it  snowballs in a good way.

 Most women would die of  embarrassment if they were seen in the nude by passers-by in their  home town.

 But one brave Kent mother has volunteered to bare all  in the name of art.

 Georgina Baker will soon be immortalised in bronze  on the town's seafront.

 Perhaps a little cold for a dip today.

  Looking out over the Channel from Folkestone harbour his local mum of  two Georgina Baker.

 Commissioned for the Folkestone Triennial this  year, her lonely figure will soon be a familiar sight.

 But picture  it's set in bronze, and naked.

 thought of it, heard -- my daughter  is so excited at about having her mum as a mermaid.

 It will never age  and they will be able to come down and may be show their children.

  She wrapped Rodin's The Kiss with a mile of string and, with the  actress Tilda Swinton, created The Maybe.

 Looking for Folkestone's  answer to Copenhagen's Little Mermaid, Turner Prize nominee  Cornelia Parker said she didn't want the perfect body, but a real  person.

 We selected Georgina from all of the entrance because she  represented the perfect form that Cornelia was looking for.

 She is 38,  she has two children but she is very statuesque.

 The first  Folkestone Triennial was eight huge success, supported by Kent artist  Tracey NN and attracting over 100,000 visitors.

 What the local  people think of this idea? The town needs visitors and I think it did  well last time.

 Not everybody likes naked women, do they? Georgina's  love of water and art made her the perfect choice.

 You could look at  me and I could be any girl down the street.

 But this -- this summer she  will be one of the most famous figures on the coastline.

 That chap  looked terrified at the thought of We have had most of the brain  through the night.

 You were probably woken up by it rattling on  the windowpane.

 We had almost an inch across parts of Kent and  Surrey.

 It was mostly dry today but our lark is about to turn -- run-  out.

 It will be soggy for the rest of the week, but very mild.

 We will  be stuck under this conveyor belt of weather fronts.

 The rain levels  will be topping up, so there maybe some localised flooding.

 In the  early part of the night we will stay dry but the wins increasing,  bringing back that rain.

 The wind starting to come in from the South  West, so a relatively mild night.

 Not a pleasant start for tomorrow,  some heavy downpours for the commute to work.

 A lot of surface  spray.

 It will ease as we go into the afternoon, perhaps a bit  patchier and lighter for the middle part of the day, but then it is  back with a vengeance for tomorrow evening's rush hour.

 Winds around  40 miles an hour on the south coast.



 A 32-year-old man is charged with  the murder of Joanna Yeates.

 Dutch national Vincent Tabak will appear  in court on Monday.

 Her body was found on Christmas Day, three miles  from her home in Bristol.

 The Irish Prime Minister stands  down as leader of his party, but remains in charge of his country.

  My decision would allow the party to elect a new leader to contest  the general election and ensure the party fights that campaign in a  united and determined manner.

 The clearest indication yet is  given that Britain's biggest banks will face major reform.

  David Cameron's search for a new director of communications begins  after Andy Poulsen's resignation.

 .

 And Andy Murray breezes into the  last 16 of the Australian Open Detectives investigating the death  of Joanna Yeates have charged 32- year-old Vincent Tabak with her  murder.

 He will appear at Bristol Magistrates Court on Monday,  January 24, 2011.

 Our correspondent is outside the property now.

  Well, it is exactly four weeks ago since Christmas Day, the day when  Joanna Yeates's body was found.

 She was dumped on the other side of  this it -- Clifton Suspension Bridge about three miles from her  flat.

 This evening, police have confirmed that they have charged a  man, a he is a 32 year-old Dutch man who lived there, right next to  the flat where Joanna Yeates lived.

 Her face is now known to millions.

  The disappearance of Joanna Yeates has dominated the headlines for  more than five weeks.

 Now, after a huge police investigation involving  scores of officers, a man has been charged with her murder.

 He is a 32  year-old Dutch national, who was arrested in the early hours of  Thursday morning.

 He was born in a village in Eindhoven near Holland  and moved to the UK three years ago after gaining a PhD.

 He has been  working as an analyst at this engineering company in Bath.

 For  the last year, he has been living in the Clifton Moor area of Bristol.

  In a basement flat next to the one where Joanna Yeates lived with her  boyfriend.

 That flat has recently become the focus of an intense  police search.

 The investigation began the week before Christmas  when Joanna Yeates disappeared.

 She had been for a drink with friends  at a city-centre pub and on the walk home, she was caught on CCTV  buying a pizza and some cider.

 Her body was found a week later on  Christmas morning.

 She had been strangled and left in a country  lane three miles from her home.

 A few days later, her landlord,  Christopher Jeffries, was arrested, but he was later released without  charge.

 Joanna Yates parents have described the last few weeks as a  total nightmare.

 But with her boyfriend Greg Riordan and her  brother Chris, they have tried to keep the case in the headlines as  much as possible by appealing for information.

  Well, the family were told of this the rest a little bit earlier this  evening before it was made public.

 In a statement tonight, the police  praised the dignity that they have shown in the course of the last few  weeks and have thanked them for their support.

 They have also thank  people in this road for the support they have shown.

 The suspect will  appear in court on Monday.

 After a week of political turmoil, the  Irish Prime Minister is standing down as leader of the ruling Fianna  Fail party.

 He says he'll continue to lead the government until  elections in March.

 Ireland's economic woes have put Mr Cowen  under increasing pressure culminating in the near collapse of  his government last week.

 This report contains flash photography.

  Brian Cowen is clinging on to his job as Irish prime minister tonight.

  Even though he has lost the leadership of Ireland's largest  party.

 The economic crisis in Dublin has created political  turmoil.

 During weeks of infighting, Mr Carron has come under pressure  to stand down as leader of the Fianna 40 party and this afternoon,  he finally did so.

 -- Fianna Fail.

 Taking everything into account at  having discussed the matter with my family, I have decided to step down  as leader of Fianna Fail.

 My decision will allow the party to  elect a new leader to contest the general election and to ensure the  party fight that campaign in a united and determined manner, free  from internal distraction.

 Irish general election is due to be  held in seven weeks' time on March 11th.

 By them, the Fianna Fail  party will have a new leader, it looks likely the former foreign  minister will take that role.

 Opposition parties in Dublin say an  election cannot wait.

 There must be won immediately.

 This is complete  madness, we another laughing-stock of Europe.

 What we need to do is  get back to a situation where we can put Ireland on its feet again  and make the changes to do that.

 I look forward to this campaign.

  opposition will now try to bring down the government in a  parliamentary vote next week.

 The political crisis comes less than  two months after I then negotiated a huge international bail-out to  fire to rescue its economy.

 -- after Ireland negotiator.

 Those who  agreed to lend money, including the UK, will be hoping that political  stability returns to Dublin soon.

 Many Irish people have their own  view on what should happen next.

 election straight away.

 I would  rather it was sooner.

 I think it is an absolute disgrace that a man  cannot lead a party, but he can lead the country for us to have it  has been a turbulent few months for Ireland on the economic front.

  country has been plunged into political uncertainty.

  Britain's banks look set for major changes.

 The man charged with  examining the future of the industry has given the clearest  indication yet that dramatic structural reforms are needed to  make them less likely to fail.

 In a speech in London, Sir John Vickers  made the case for forcibly separating banks into retail and  more risky investment banking divisions.

  To prevent another financial crisis, some of Britain's biggest banks may  face the prospect of being separated in some form.

 Breaking  them up entirely is still on the drawing board for the body charged  with ensuring the banks are never again bailed out by taxpayers.

 Its  chairman said that Britain's biggest banks still assumed that  the state would step in to rescue them if another crisis occurred.

  Systemic important institutions now have an implicit state guarantee  for risk-taking activities, particularly those related to and  or inseparable from retail banking.

 This distortion, which is also a  distortion to competition, an important point, competition with  other institutions, should be neutralised or contained.

 Said John  Vickers thinks that bank's structures should change and that  investment banking divisions might have to be financially separated  from the retail side which includes current accounts and mortgages.

 He  also says that when it comes to bail-outs, senior investors in a  bank on not taxpayers should be on the book if things go wrong.

 The  commission also thinks that new borrow -- global rules on how much  capital a bank should hold are not strict enough.

 That is unlikely to  go down well with banks who may be forced to set aside even larger  sums of money or capital, which could run the risk of scaring them  away from London.

 I don't think the UK is going to be daft enough to do  something that is radically different from others and so  prejudice its economy and prejudice employment.

 I am sure we will not.

  Should there be a problem in the future, and I sincerely hope they  never will be another foot problem like this and the future, then a  bank can be allowed to fail without having an impact on the economy.

  The unwanted consequence of reining in the activities of investment  banks may be keenly felt on the High Street because if the big  banks have to set aside even more money for an emergency, they will  have even less money to lend to you and me for home loans and car loans  and so on.

 They may even charges more for it.

 So, those calling for  big banks to be broken up may be those who end up paying for it.

  International talks about Iran's nuclear programme have ended in  stalemate.

 Negotiators for the world powers who are represented  say that they have not scheduled another meeting with Iran.

 Our Iran  correspondent Reynolds reports from the talks in Istanbul.

  No matter how much negotiators road and crossed out, they could not  come to a deal.

 The world powers were on one side of the room and  Iran was on the other.

 This gap was never bridged.

 Avon refused to  discuss its nuclear programme in detail.

 -- Iran.

 I confess I am  disappointed.

 I hope that we would make more progress here, that we  would be able to reach agreement on the next steps, but I still keep  the door opened and have that Iran will respond.

 Iran insists that it  has the right to nuclear power.

 What worries the group negotiating  with Iran is that the country continues to enrich uranium, the  raw material that can be used to make a nuclear weapon.

 Iran  suggests that it can only agree to talk after the world accepts its  right to enrich and after the World lift sanctions.

 Except these two  conditions and then we can talk properly, suggested the chief  negotiator for Iran.

 -- accept these conditions.

  TRANSLATION: When talks are meant to be based and co-operation, then  these talks can be successful and constructive.

 So, two days of talks  by the edge of the Bosphorus have brought no agreement.

 No further  negotiations have been scheduled.

 World powers have been trying to  talk to run about its new Hillah programme for almost a decade.

 --  to Iran.

 They have now decided they have nothing new to say or offer.

  There are now waiting for Iran to call them.

 It is not clear what  happens if that call is not made.

 Riot police in Algeria have broken  up pro-democracy demonstration by several hundred people in the  capital, Algiers.

 They said they'd been calling for greater freedom.

  Activists say more than 40 people were injured.

 Some of the  demonstrators waved Tunisian flags in a reference to unrest which  brought down the president of neighbouring Tunisia last week.

  David Cameron has begun the search for a new director of  communications, after yesterday's resignation of Andy Coulson over  phone-hacking allegations at the News of the World.

 There have been  further calls today for the Metropolitan Police to carry out a  thorough investigation into phone hacking.

  Andy Poulsen leaving home this morning.

 He is not an elected  politician, certainly not a household name, but he has been one  of the Prime Minister's most trusted advisers.

 Valued for his  tabloid touch and right-wing instincts, admirers credit him with  overhauling the Conservative communications strategy.

 They found  someone that they could trust in him.

 Over person difficulties as  well as political ones, David Cameron in particular built a close  relationship with Andy Poulsen.

 That is quite hard to replicate.

  You can find the skills.

 If you can find a combination you are lucky,  but then finding the trust, building the trust will be hard.

  Andy Poulsen was taken on six months after he resigned from the  News of the world.

 He always denied any knowledge of phone-tapping at  the newspaper, but David Cameron knew it was a controversial  appointment and his own judgment could be questioned.

 It was a risky  was willing to take.

 Legal action against the News of the world by a  number of public figures has led to a drip, drip effect.

 The idea that  a single reporter was responsible for phone hacking has been widely  disputed.

 What his departure has done a, far from drawing a line  under it, actually, it means that there will be greater focus on the  issue of how the news of the world operates and how BSkyB operate.

 I  think the role of the police and this will now get centre-stage.

  Crown Prosecution Service is now re-examining all the police  evidence from their original inquiry.

 Lawyers say there are more  civil cases to come against other papers.

 Andy Poulsen's career is  over, but the investigation certainly is not.

 Now with all the  results from the Premier League and the rest of the sport, here's Sally  Nugent.

 There was a headline-grabbing debut  and goals galore in today's Premier League games.

 Match Of The Day  follows this programme, so now is the time to turn the sound down and  look away while I go through the Darren Bent took 18 minutes to  prove he was worth his hefty price tag as he scored Aston Villa's  Berbatov scored a hat-trick in Manchester United's 5-0 win over  Birmingham.

 Kenny Dalglish has a first win under his belt after a  brace from Fernando Torres and a stunner from Raul Meireles at  Wolves.

 Elsewhere, Robin van Persie scored  all three goals in Arsenal's win over Wigan.

 Kieran Richardson  proved Sunderland can cope without Darren Bent after all, scoring  twice in their win at Blackpool.

 Everton drew against troubled West  Ham.

 Fulham beat Stoke and Tottenham drew 1-1 with Newcastle.

  So, United are two points clear of Arsenal at the top of the table.

  Liverpool are up to tenth.

 Aston Villa's win sees them move two  points clear of Birmingham.

 West Ham missed their chance to come off  the bottom after letting in that The Scottish Premier League is no  longer a two-horse race after Hearts closed the gap on their Old  Firm rivals.

 Jim Jefferies' team inflicted a first away defeat of  the season for the champions Rangers.

 Ryan Stevenson scored the  only goal to move within two points of their opponents.

 Hearts play  current leaders Celtic on Wednesday.

 Celtic themselves moved five points  There were draws at Inverness and Kilmarnock, Hibs are now second  bottom after losing at Motherwell.

 And it was goalless between St  Andy Murray breezed into the last 16 of the Australian Open tennis  after a punishing straight sets win over Spaniard Guillermo Garcia-  Lopez.

 He'll now play 11th seed Jurgen Melzer for a place in the  quarter finals.

 Say what you like about Andy Murray,  and they very often do, but why he will never win prizes for sartorial  elegance, most still believe his tennis well-cut sufficient -- to  win him a grand slam title.

 The evidence was all there as he  dismissed Garcia-Lopez as if he were a hapless qualifier.

 At times,  it was almost embarrassing to one- sided.

 The foundation for it, as it  often is, was the Andy Murray serve.

 When it is finely tuned, so is the  rest of his game.

 This was also a day on which almost everything went  his way, but importantly, he capitalised on it.

 His straight-  sets victory took under one hour- and-a-half to complete.

 Surely,  tougher assignments lie ahead.

 Potential and prommers needs to be  converted into achievements.

 -- promise.

 That's all the sport.

 The  main news tonight: The Irish Prime

 themselves to their studies.

 I'll  Good evening and welcome to BBC Look North.

 The headlines tonight:  9,000 vulnerable people are set to be hit by Hull City Council's  funding cuts.

 It can't happen.

 They can't do this.

  It is unthinkable.

 And to some degree, with him my own  organisation, it is unthinkable.

 Over 100 jobs are under threat at  two Grimsby firms.

 The lorry driver who chased his stolen truck in his  wife's Smartcar.

 Bomb disposal experts help clear an  East Yorkshire beach of World War II devices.

  I will be back with your detailed Charities and support groups in  Hull are warning that severe council funding cuts could see  thousands of people lose services they depend on.

 The city council  needs to save £50 million over the next financial year.

 It's cutting  around £11.

5 million which it gives to local groups like charities and  housing associations.

 With up to 50 organisations affected, it's  thought 9,000 vulnerable people could lose vital services.

 Our  correspondent Vicky Johnson has more.

  Young and homeless, ex-offenders, extra Alex, elderly, and vulnerable.

  Just three of the many faces to could be affected by the cuts.

 When  Tabitha's life fell apart it was one charity which supported  homeless people who helped put her life back together.

 Doorstep  offered a sanctuary when I didn't have anything else.

 I know it is  the same for a lot of people.

 will do our best to keep our doors  open, because it may be acceptable for the local authority to abandon  these people, but it is not acceptable to worse.

 A former  heroin addict, Simon has been in prison more than 30 times.

 With the  help of his organisation his life has been transformed.

 The drugs  have totally stopped, the crime has stopped.

 I don't take anything any  more.

 I have come off methadone.

 It all boils down to having this place  here, because if I was wandering the streets I would not know where  I was going.

 But this sort of support could be stopped as Humber  Care has been told that its grant of more than £600,000 is being cut.

  Any problems they already have, they have problem lifestyles with  drug and alcohol use.

 Things like that will increase and the risk of  reoffending behaviour will increase.

 Pat Parker lives in sheltered  accommodation.

 Her association is about to lose £500,000 of grants,  and she think she would not manage without their support.

 We are  contacted three times a week by the warden on site, which is a big  thing.

 We know within two or three minutes she could be here if you  fell and there would be somebody there to assist you, whether it is  ringing ambulance or a doctor or whatever.

 It just helps your  general way of life.

 The leader of Hull City Council will not speak to  us directly, but has issued us with a statement saying that because of  the government cuts they have much less money less -- now there may  have to put into grant funded services, but they do have a pot of  £9 million to reinvest in supporting people projects and they  will discuss where best to invest this soon.

  There are some organisations which think the Government and council  cuts don't actually go far enough.

 One of them is the Adam Smith  Institute, who are experts on public spending.

 Their executive  director is Tom Clougherty.

 I asked him why he believed the cuts should  be deeper.

 There are a couple of things we need to bear in mind.

  First, public spending rose by about 60 % in real terms between  1997 and 2010 and we are only talking about a cut of 2% over the  next five years.

 The magnitude of what we are doing is not as great  as some people think.

 The other thing I would say on that is that  we are in a really severe situation.

 Even now I know things have calmed  down, but we have not had this kind of deficit in peace time before.

 We  are spending and borrowing about £17 million per hour all through  the year and we are spending around £120 million per day just serving  the interest on the debt we have.

 You think the cuts could go  further? I think they could go further than naturally I would like  to see them go further.

 The thing is, we don't want to be too  complacent because things seem stable at the moment.

 We need to  try and repair a lot of the damage that was done over the past decade  as quickly as possible.

 This will shock a lot of people.

 The cuts  will hit vulnerable people.

 These people need protecting and not  penalising, but you would like to see the cuts going even deeper.

  spending terms, we are only going back to 2008, and most people will  say it was not that bad and they could take that as the price of a  bit more stability.

 As to whether it's done well people, obviously I  don't want Honourable people to be hit and I don't think anyone does  that if you want to make sure the vulnerable are protected we need to  make sure that the resources are targeted properly.

 We are ring-  fencing a lot of things like middle-class benefits, gimmicks,  that might detract from that.

 Something for pensioners is not a  gimmick, is it? Something for pensioners is not a gimmick, but  some things are.

 Free TV licences, free bus travel.

.

.

 If you are a  pensioner watching this that is not a gimmick, is it? It is not a  gimmick for all pensioners.

 My point is if there are vulnerable  people we should target our resources on them.

 We should not  give universal benefits to everyone because it is a vote winner.

 Thank  you very much indeed.

 Well, some interesting thoughts from Tom  Clougherty of the Adam Smith Institute.

 Is free travel for  pensioners a gimmick? Should it be scrapped and should the cuts be  much deeper? As ever, we want to In a moment, a sleepers paradise.

  We visit the Lincoln bed-and- breakfast voted one of the world's  It is being seen as a golden opportunity for farmers in East  Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, the chance to supply grain to what will  be the biggest buyer ethanol plant in the country.

 And it is right on  the doorstep.

 Over one million tonnes of wheat per year will be  needed for the plant.

 It is currently being built, and two more  have been granted planning permission, one at greatcoats near  Grimsby.

 They will create cleaner fuel that will power our cars and  produce thousands of tons of animal feed.

 This is what wheat farmers  look forward to, the chance to load up a lorry full of grain and sell  it.

 John Holtby's been in this business 30 years.

 His wheat hasn't  got what it takes to make you a loaf of bread, so it's made into  animal feed and more often than not it's exported.

 But in a few months'  time, it will be destined for somewhere much closer to home.

 This  is where John's wheat will go - the Vivergo plant at Saltend in Hull.

  It's still under construction but when it goes online in the summer  it will be the biggest bioethanol plant in the country.

 It will take  in 1.

1 million tonnes of feed wheat each year from local farmers within  a 70-mile radius.

 To put it simply, the biorefinery will process that  wheat into food and fuel products.

 The wheat starch will make  bioethanol which will be blended with petrol to help create cleaner  fuel.

 The wheat protein will be used to create half a million  tonnes of animal feed.

 The UK, traditionally, grows about 60  million tonnes of wheat per year.

 We would normally export about 3.

5  million tonnes of that, so if you think about 1.

5 million tonnes,  that is a big percentage.

 Cam this region that sustain demand at that  level? Yes, they can.

 This region, the Yorkshire region and  Lincolnshire Region, we have some of the best lands and farmers  growing some of the best week.

 think it is a massive opportunity  for us here.

 It is a whole new market which gives us much more  options, a bit more competition, which is always good.

 The good  thing is, they will take the quality of the week we will grow,  because we can't grow the best quality here, so we are growing  wheat which is exactly of the type they want.

 It's an opportunity  that's on offer to 1,000 more farmers in East Yorkshire and  Lincolnshire.

 A guaranteed market right on their doorstep.

 Some would  argue it's an opportunity not to be missed.

  140 workers could lose their jobs at two companies in the Grimsby  area.

 One of the biggest employers in the town has announced almost 90  redundancies, while a construction firm has gone into administration.

  Crispin Rolfe is in Grimsby now.

 Exactly where are the jobs under  threat? The national jobless totals have been announced today and it  does rather seemed that two companies in north-east  Lincolnshire will be adding to those statistics.

 The first, as you  say, his Younger's, its plant in Grimsby.

 They told me that they had  lost a food processing contract, one of the manufacturing contracts,  which means they have to streamline.

 It means, in effect, they will have  up to 84 jobs being reviewed in a 30 day consultation period.

 That,  of course, will take some time and they will be looking for voluntary  redundancies initially.

 That is on top of 20 jobs that went before  Christmas in the marketing department at of a total review of  28.

 It is worth remembering that Grimsby does have 1,700 young  employees here, so it is very much a key part of the company's peau --  portfolio.

 Nonetheless, start have Tom -- staff have told me that if  they lose their jobs it is a very bad time.

 It is quite frightening  in the climate we have at the minute, the jobs situation in  Grimsby.

 If there were jobs to go to, it would be different.

 It is  the bit sombre.

 It is the third time in three years we have been  through redundancy.

 We didn't really find out a lot today, so  people are still on edge about whether they will lose it or not.

  The company says times are tough, but with millions already invested  in Grimsby, young -- Young's insists it is still investing.

  Grimsby is our spiritual home and our centre of excellence for  manufacturing.

 We are rooted in Grimsby and we still hope to grow  the business.

 Like I said, this branded business is very healthy  and we will be competing aggressively again for these  manufacturing contracts.

 And I understand there's been more bad  news on jobs in North East Lincolnshire too, Crispin.

 Yes,  Clarke Construction is affected.

 It has announced it is going into  administration today, meaning that 56 of its employees have been laid  off pretty much with immediate effect.

 We are told that the  company was basically working on projects for summer our local  councils.

 All in all, it does seem to have been a bad day for North  East Lincolnshire on the jobs front.

 Crispin, thank you very much.

  Lincolnshire is losing its six remaining traffic wardens because  of budget cuts.

 Police officers will still have the power to hand  out parking tickets.

 Councils are now preparing to take on the role  but some critics say that may not happen for months.

  Patients at Lincolnshire's community hospitals are being given  more privacy.

 Men and women will no longer have to share sleeping areas  and bathrooms with people of the opposite sex.

 It's part of a  national push to eliminate mixed sex wards.

  When Mick Robinson saw his lorry being driven off by a thief, he did  the first thing which came into his head.

 He leapt into his wife's  Smartcar and gave chase around the streets of Scunthorpe.

 It ended in  a supermarket showdown outside This is the kind of vehicle you  expect to come to your rescue, but the hero of this tale is far less  impressive to look at.

 Driving back in the Smart car, I noticed another  vehicle that looked familiar, and it was familiar, because it was my  own.

 And suddenly, Mick's simple drive home from his mother's had  turned into a hot pursuit.

 And that was in a Smart car.

 It was total  disbelief and I had to check the registration again.

 I don't  remember looking at the speedometer, but I think it reached the dizzy  heights of 50, nothing scary like an American movie or anything like  that.

 We have many comments about the Smart car, but it did the job.

  Unsuccessfully followed Nick's truck all the way to the petrol  station.

 -- and successfully My daughter instructed me to stay  in the car.

 Adrenalin kicked in.

 I made it clear it was my truck, and  he made his escape.

 He did very well, he did everything correctly.

  I am glad he got his car back.

 He is safe and well himself.

 His track  is a bit bedraggled.

 But he is trying to see the bright side.

  was a funny story, the Smart car was there and the end result is  good.

 It is back to business as normal.

 With his pride and joy  Still ahead tonight: We meet the army experts clearing a record  number of bombs from an East Yorkshire beach.

  The Lincoln bed and breakfast have voted one of the world's best.

  Tonight's photograph is of the Boston stump.

 It was from a few  This will cheer us up even more.

 Have you noticed how Peter looks  like a a character from Bonanza at? There is some truth about that.

  The headline for the next 24 hours is a mostly dry one.

 There will be  variable amounts of cloud and some sunshine as well.

 That said, a few  complications.

 It's a very weak front of that could bring a few  showers to the Wash for example.

 In eastern part of Lincolnshire you  can see that weather front in there, it will slide in over the next few  hours.

 A good part of East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire will see  clear skies at first.

 There is no cloud in coastal areas.

 One or two  spots of rain possible here.

 To the west, possible widespread frost.

  Watch out for icy patches first thing in the morning.

 The son will  rise in the morning at four minutes past eight.

 A day of the variable  amounts of cloud.

 Always prefaced towards the Lincolnshire coast and  into Norfolk where there will be a few showers running in.

 Into the  North there will be a fair amount of sunshine.

 The best weather will  be in Stamford Bridge.

 And probably Lincoln having a nice day, whereas  Skegness, King's Lynn, a lot of cloud with a risk of showers.

 Top  temperatures around about six Celsius.

 A light or moderate north-  west wind.

 Looking further Redhead, Friday very similar.

 Dry and some  sunshine.

 Through the weekend we will pull in a lot more cloud.

 The  emphasis on a good deal of and fine weather, just a little frost at  weather, just a little frost at One happy customer a.

  Just the one! Army experts say that more  unexploded practice bombs are being washed up on to a beach in East  Yorkshire than ever before.

 Last year, the specialist disposal team  working on the beach coast collected 2,500 bombs.

 They believe  the increase in the number of devices washed ashore is because of  coastal erosion as the cliffs around the RAF base continued to  This may not look like the Yorkshire coast, but that is where  this bomb disposal teams spend their days.

 They are finding more  bombs than ever before washing up onto the shore.

 This is American-  made, a practice bombs.

 There were a few hundred dropped here over a  period of 40 years.

 From the 1940s to the mid-nineties, it was used by  the Americans and the Air Force as a practice range.

 They have -- the  team have no idea how many bombs were dropped over the period.

  days we find nothing, on other days become to the beach, especially in  this area, and there could be hundreds a lying on the beach floor.

  After they are gathered up, they are completely destroyed.

 Leaving  nothing but black metal.

 The number of bombs they are finding is  increasing every year.

 In 2008, 287 bombs were found on the beach.

 In  2010, they found 2,500 bombs.

 They believe that this increases because  of coastal erosion.

 Most of our coastline erodes at the rate of 1.

5  metres a year.

 But on this beach it is much faster.

 That means that  this time last year, this cliff- face was a roundabout here.

 It is  because of this that the team are finding themselves busier than ever.

  It changes every year -- every day because of the cliff erosion.

 As  you can see, it has exposed a lot of the practice bombs.

 Haydn is a  public beach, and the team here are warning anyone who comes across  something that looks like a bomb Fascinating stuff.

 A leading Tory  Cabinet Minister has urged Conservatives in Hull to vote for  the Lib Dems in the local council elections which are in May.

 Our  political editor is here.

 This was the Conservative education  secretary Michael Gove, speaking today in the House of Commons.

 He  was defending controversial plans to scrap the education maintenance  allowance for students when he delivered what can only be  described as a bombshell.

 It has led to fresh speculation that the  Tories and Lib Dems are going to put their coalition partnership on  a more a firmer footing.

 And in Hull, Liberal Democrat controlled  whole, any student in receipt of educational maintenance allowance  also get a travel grant to cope with the full cost.

 They will not  if Labour takes power.

 If they are wise enough to vote Liberal  Democrat at the next local elections in Hull,.

 It he is not  the only one to suggest closer ties.

 The ethnic Poles has already  suggested an electoral pact between the Tories and the Lib Dems.

 The  Tories in Hull, I think have been slightly perturbed by these  comments.

 There are only two of Tory councillors in Hull, neither  of them are up for re-election.

 We are told that the Tories will fight  a vigorous campaign against the Lib Dems.

  Last night we heard about the controversial proposals to allow  convicted prisoners to vote in jail.

 The Tory MP David Davis has teamed  up with the former Labour Home Secretary Jack Straw to try and  stop the move.

 It follows a campaign by John Hurst, a former  prisoner from a whole.

 Last night, and also today on the radio, a huge  response.

 Think you saw all the Subtitles unavailable for 0 minutes  messages.

  Grimsby Town are up to seventh in the Blue Square Premier as they  tried to reach the play-offs for the Football League.

 They beat  Kettering 2-One last night.

 They still have games in hand on the  half of the teams above them.

 They link in bed and breakfast has  beaten of international competition to become one of the best in the  world.

 It has been named as they ate the best by a tourism website.

  The owners began the business five years ago, but it has proved  amazingly popular with visitors to the city.

  Is it the way they scramble their eggs? For the fluffiness of their  duvets that has made this bed-and- breakfasts the eighth best bed-and-  breakfast in the world? Whatever it is, they must be doing something  right.

 They have beaten competitors from as far afield as India and the  USA.

 Astonishment to start with.

 Crumbled is a word that came to  mind.

 The I am delighted for them to have won such a prestigious  award.

 I am not surprised because it is the most comfortable, a  wonderful service.

 It is clean and immaculately kept.

 It is all thanks  to users of Trip Advisor who have Neil from High Wycombe loved of the  garden gnomes.

 Today like almost every day the guest house is full  to capacity.

 It is a warm and cosy place.

 The rooms are very clean.

 It  is nicely decorated.

 It is nice and it is like being with family.

  what is the secret of their success? And the owners reckon they  have got the answer.

 I think it is about treating people like human  beings.

 Making sure guests can feel like they are at homes.

 When they  are here, they become like our family.

 And that friendly  atmosphere means that many visitors want to come back time after time  What a great story.

 If you have got a story you think we should know  about, send an e-mail and let us know.

 Finally, let's have a recap  of the main headlines.

 The Government announces the  biggest shake-up of the NHS in a generation as it gives GPs the  power to control budgets.

 9,000 vulnerable people could  behave by Hull City Council grant cuts as it battles to balance its  books.

 Misty, but with sunny spells later  on.

 Top temperatures around six Celsius.

  Responses coming in, first of all after talking to the man from the  Adam Smith Institute.

 What a cheek saying pensioners it should not get  bus passes and television licences.

 At least we have worked and paid  taxes.

 Free bus passes and such things as  winter fuel payments should not be given to the over-sixties when they  are still at work.

 This comes from Martin, so much for the coalition's  assurances that cuts would not hit the vulnerable in society.

 How can  make say the government is to blame

 More violence in Tunisia as crisis  talks are held up to form a new government.

 Residents take to the  streets to stop the looters after 48 hours of mayhem.

  The biggest shake-up -- shake-up of the NHS since its birth.

 Doctors  say the plans are hugely risky.

 A first point for Liverpool under  Kenny Dalglish, in the Merseyside derby.

  And Nat Lofthouse, one of England's greatest forwards, has died at the  Good afternoon.

 Political leaders in Tunisia are holding talks on  forming a new government after a violent protests forced the  governor -- President to flee the country.

 Troops continued to patrol  the streets, but there are reports of more violence.

 Tonight, there  are growing fears of food and fuel shortages.

  Tunisia is struggling to return to normality after a most tumultuous  few days.

 There are queues and food shops.

 Outside petrol stations, and  long lines of cars.

 Tankers have been stuck, unable to move while  the country has been in turmoil.

 This man was one of more than 60  people killed in the last few weeks.

 He died during a mass protest in  Tunis that precipitated the collapse of the government and the  end for President Ben Ali.

 Local people have been calling his  mother's home in a poor district of the capital to pay their tributes.

  President Ben Ali and his family have robbed us.

 They have left the  country with money they stole from the people while my son plays with  his life.

 A political process has begun to try to move the country  forward.

 To appoint a new government and fill the power  vacuum caused by the departure of the former President.

 Many are  sceptical whether the politicians have grasped the public demand for  a total break with the past, corrupt politics of Tunisia.

 In the  meantime, many are having to look after themselves.

 They have formed  neighbourhood defence groups, armed with whatever comes to hand, to  protect their homes.

 There is no question that the atmosphere here  remains very tense, in Tunis and other towns and cities.

 The army is  everywhere.

 They are being controlled.

 The people want a  secure, political future as well.

 The chairman of the British Medical  Association has told the BBC that the Government's reforms to the NHS  are not hugely risky and are being rushed through.

 Duck Dr Hamish  Meldrum said ministers had handled the changes badly and were risking  patient care.

 This week's reforms will abolish Primary Care Trusts in  England.

 Ministers say the reforms are a necessity.

  This week will see the biggest shake-up in the NHS in England  since it boy set up more than 60 years ago.

 Today, a stark warning.

  These are very Iraq -- a wide- ranging plans.

 They are being done  at a time when the NHS is going through a very tight financial  position.

 They're hugely risky and will risk damaging services to  patients.

 As architect of the reforms, the Health Secretary has  faced much criticism for the pace of the change.

 Bushing reforms  through over the next two or three years.

 What are the main changes? G  Ps are to be given much more power commissioning services for patients.

  There will be much more private sector involvement.

 Extraordinarily  risky, that is the view of the speed -- on that the speed of  reform.

 In a report tomorrow, they are expected to broadly welcomed  the changes, but suggest that some hospitals could close.

 Ministers  will publish their plans for health service reform in England to  Parliament on Wednesday.

 Before that, David Cameron will making  major speech tomorrow in which am told he will give a passionate  explanation of the need for reform and the pace at which he is doing  it.

 Put in power in the hands of patients and GPs.

 That is what the  government says its plans are all about.

 That is where the authority  should be in the NHS.

 Not with managers at the national level.

  That is what our reforms will achieve.

 The majors has been spared  many of the deep cuts that other public services are having to face.

  It is still about to go through a huge period of change and upheaval.

  The Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen has announced that he will  not be resigning over the handling of Ireland's debt crisis.

 He has  been under pressure since the country was forced to accept an EU  bail-out.

 His party will hold a ballot next week to vote on his  leadership.

 Flooding in Australia which has  devastated large part of Queensland is now affecting the southern state  of Victoria.

 More than 3500 people have left their homes in the north  of the state.

 Some areas are facing their worst floods in 100 years.

  The river levels are expected to peak later today.

  It is 20 years ago tonight that Operation Desert Storm began, with  a US-led military force setting out to dislodge Saddam Hussein from  Kuwait.

 The war was short, but it has had a lasting effect on  thousands of ex-servicemen, who say they are still suffering from what  has become known as Gulf War syndrome.

 He turned remains  controversial.

 Support groups stayed Britain lags behind the USA  in support for sufferers.

 It has been called the most toxic  war in history.

 Special measures were taken to protect troops  because of fears Saddam Hussein had chemical or biological weapons.

 As  well as antidote pills and unlicensed vaccines, soldiers were  also exposed to depleted uranium and pesticides.

 The Terry Abel  applause Macheda Sa has to come to him.

 A man who once fought for  Britain now has to battle to get to the end of his street -- Kerry  Fuller's hairdresser has to come to him.

 In 2004, he had a stroke.

  person in these pictures, it is not a way and now.

 A lot of us feel, it  would have been far better had we been killed in action.

 20 years on,  thousands of those who served are still sick.

 Veterans feel they have  been abandoned.

 We had hoped that once good evidence had been found  in the USA, this country would have had the good grace to say, that is  good enough for us.

 Unfortunately, no government to date has been  willing to do that.

 No one at the Ministry of Defence was willing to  be interviewed, but they gave us a statement to sake research has  indicated there was no illness specific to Gulf veterans.

 We have  long IDS -- accepted, they say, some of the veterans are ill and  some of their ill-health may be related to their service.

 Kerry  Fuller has no doubt that his enormous is a result of the Gulf  war.

 To get a war veteran, veterans have to claim separately for each  of their symptoms.

 He says he has been through several tribunals for  just £45 a week.

 The far-right National Front in  France has elected the daughter of its former leader.

 She says she  wants to broaden the appeal of the country -- party.

 Recent opinion  polls have suggested that she could pose a strong threat to President  Sarkozy in next year's election.

 Tributes have been paid to the  actress Susannah York, who has died at the age of 72.

 One of the  biggest Hollywood stars of the late 1960s, she was nominated for an  Oscar for her role in the film They Shoot Horses, Don't They?  She was one of the great screen beauties of the 1960s, but there  was so much more to Susannah York than simply good looks.

 She was  nominated for an Oscar and won a BAFTA for her performance in They  Shoot Horses, Don't They? A traumatic tale of American life in  the Great Depression.

 Someone screamed.

 Susannah York appeared in  hit films such as Tom Jones and A man For All seasons.

 She enjoyed  challenging roles, such as in The Killing Of Sister George.

 For some,  she will be known as Superman's mum.

 You will become an ordinary man.

  Those who worked with her say she never lost her passion for  performance.

 The moment the camera was on her, the moment the phone  was turning, she leapt into life and absolutely grabbed the screen.

  Susannah York was a noted anti- nuclear campaigner and a supporter  of the Israeli whistle Blower Mordechai Vanunu.

 Later in life,  the Hollywood years became more distant, but she continued to work  on stage and TV.

 Her place in film history is secured with those  defining barely cinematic roles.

 -- burly cinematic roles.

  Now time for the latest sports news.

 It has been a day of derbies in the  Premier League and all of them have finished in Tours.

 To Anfield first  where Kenny Dalglish made an emotional return to deliver poor  duck out for their 2-2 draw against Everton.

 -- to the Liverpool the  dug-out.

 The moment and field had been  waiting for.

 The return of King Kenny.

 If that did not stir his  players, nothing would.

 Sure enough, Liverpool baffled for 45 minutes.

  The woodwork denied Fernanda Torres, but a goal was coming.

 When it  arrived, pandemonium.

 Watch Dalglish.

 The agony and then the  ecstasy.

 His mood swings were just beginning.

 Everton equalised  through Sylvain Distin.

 Anfield had barely caught its breath when  Jermaine Beckford put Everton ahead.

 It was some turnaround.

 Liverpool  were not done.

 Tim Howard gifted them a penalty and Dirk Kuyt kept  his cool.

 The fans know their manager has plenty to work on.

  crowd is made up for him.

 People get it right.

 Everton jump on at a  bit when the second half kicked off.

 -- dumped on us a bit.

 At least a  burst 0.

4 Kenny Dalglish, but not quite the glorious homecoming he  would have wanted.

 -- a first point.

 Sunderland and Newcastle finished  1-1.

 So to the Birmingham derby.

 Ben went ahead with Roger Johnson,  but Aston Villa hit the woodwork four times.

 James Collins got the  equaliser that lives Aston Villa out of the relegation zone.

  Manchester United can go back top of the League if they avoid defeat  at White Hart Lane.

 It is 0-0.

 Spurs have created the best chances  so far.

 United are down to 10 men.

 England's cricketers have lost the  first one-day international against Australia in Melbourne by six  wickets.

 They don't -- posted their biggest ever one-day total in  Australia, but Shane Watson hit an incredible innings.

 They passed the  295 runs required for victory.

 One of British football's finest  players, Nat Lofthouse, has died at the age of 85.

 His goalscoring  record for his home town Bolton and England were phenomenal.

  A one-club man, Nat Lofthouse was a player with one particular talent,  scoring goals.

 In 452 appearances for Bolton Wanderers, he found the  net 255 times.

 His hometown club, he never wanted to play for anyone  else.

 Any kid who wanted to play for Bolton Wanderers was a Bolton  lad.

 So I came down and signed on.

 For England, his scoring ratio was  even more impressive.

 33 caps, 30 goals.

 Out standing in any era.

 He  was nicknamed the Lion of Vienna for his bravery in a match against  Austria in 1952.

 Injured, he scored twice before being knocked  unconscious in a collision with the keeper.

 Typical of him, he came  back on.

 He endeared himself not only to Bolton fans, but to England  fans as well.

 He was the kind of player, his style rubbed off on the  other players.

 It is it out Nat Lofthouse who receives the precious  trophy.

 His greatest moment was scoring twice and lifting the FA  Cup as captain in 1958.

 A moment he treasured.

 He went on to work for  Bolton as a scout, coach and manager, but it was his achievement  as a player in the colours of Wanderers and England that set him  apart.

 He will be remembered and

 Welcome to South East Today, I'm  Polly Evans.

 And I'm Rob Smith.

  Tonight's top stories: Beaten to death - police comb  Bexhill beach as details about the life of murdered Peter Bick emerge.

  We'll have the latest on the investigation live.

  The eye gouge was deliberate - Maidstone Rugby Club are docked 50  points and fined £2,000.

 The loss of sight for the rest of real-life  or try 1,000 house.

 It does not Also in tonight's programme:  Job cuts loom in Hastings as council staff are briefed on plans  to save millions.

 Sussex rocker Roger Daltry takes  the lead at a star studded charity concert in aid of Killing Cancer.

  You boy is a murderer.

 And on a roll - the Seaford scooter  fanatic taking pole position in the And he and man who was found dead  at his home in Sussex had suffered several blows to their head.

 Peter  Beck he was 57 was killed in his flat in the early hours of Tuesday  morning.

 Christopher Hunnisett clear of killing an East Sussex and  Becker has been held on suspicion of murder.

 Our reporter is live in  Hastings where Mr Hunnisett is being interviewed.

 When details  have emerged about the victim.

 We know that he has a title, the  Honourable Peter Beck.

 We also know that police have given an extra 36  hours to continue questioning Christopher Hunnisett.

 --Peter Bick.

  Detectives believe he was bilingual in his own flat.

 He received  several blows to the head.

 He was a keen horse and carriage driver who  competed with his Royal Highness Prince Philip.

 Today, those who  knew him pay their respects.

 He did a ceiling as well and he led in  London.

 He may have to the country and embraced the equestrian side of  life.

 He will been very much missed.

 Peter Bick was last seen at work  colleagues at a supermarket on Monday.

 Police believe he was  killed in early hours of Tuesday morning.

 Christopher Honey said  handed himself into police on Tuesday evening.

 -- Christopher  Hunnisett.

 He had recently split up with his male partner.

 He came here  to start again and when he first came here, he was unemployed.

 He  gradually found himself a job.

 He was on the up again after a bit of  a crisis in his life.

 I thought he was getting himself together very  well.

 Arrested on suspicion of murder, police say Christopher  Hunnisett was known to Peter Beck but are not saying how.

 The 27-  year-old is still being questioned and he was acquitted of murdering a  priest in September last year.

 A violent killing, I suspect in  custody, this evening, police reiterated they are not seeking  anyone else in connection with this murder.

  We have just learnt that Sussex Police have officially named Peter  Beck as the victim and receiving, his parents have paid tribute to  him.

 Sussex Police would still like to talk to anyone who may have  spoken to or seen Peter Beck before his death.

  If a man who was left blind in one eye after it was gouged during a  rugby match says he is angry no one will face criminal charges.

  Clarence Harding was attacked during a match in January.

  Maidstone Rugby Club face the prospect of relegation after being  found guilty of a deliberate incident.

 They were docked 15  points and fined £2,000.

 -- 15 points.

  I got married and had a baby in the last 12 months,.

.

.

 If it's has been  a dramatic ear for Clarence Harding and today he learned he had to have  his eye removed.

 Event at picking up a cup of coffee,  I am always just a bit short.

 It is silly things like that that people  take for granted.

 I really have two bogeys and put my mind to things.

  Clarence Harding was paying for it -- Clarence Harding was playing for  Gravesend when he was injured last year.

 It was determined that he had  been injured in a deliberate act by an unidentified players.

 Last night,  Maidstone were found guilty of conduct prejudicial to their  conduct of the game.

 It is the knows he is crime in  Rugby.

 It is not that common thankfully.

 It happens too much.

  Maidstone play in the South East the lead.

 They had 20 points but  with A50.

 A penalty, the R -22 points along with at 2000 and fine.

  Loss of sight for the rest of your life or £2,000.

 It does not  justified their act.

 No amount of money would.

 My understanding is  that the Rugby Football Union did not want to impose a large penalty  on Maidstone Rugby Club that it may jeopardise than club's feature.

  With the points deduction, it says it is sending out a message  backcloths must take greater responsibility for the conduct of  their members.

 The police concluded there was not  enough evidence for a prosecution.

 Maidstone can now appeal against  their punishment.

 Coming up, Pels of post and build up in a Kent they  go as bad weather and shift patterns are blamed.

  500 council workers in Sussex had been told that as many as 10 % of  them will lose their jobs.

 Staff in Hastings recalled to a special  meeting to discuss the cuts.

 All the other next three years, the  town's grant from central government will be cut by 50 % to  65 £6 million.

 That is equivalent to £17 for every person in the  borough.

 -- £6.

6 million.

 That is equivalent to £70 for every  person in the borough.

 Money is tied, from council budgets  to house will bills.

 He sings Council have had their grants cut  in half over the next three years and today, they told staff 10 %  will lose their jobs and some services will go.

  For the council, it means we will be employing less and over four  year period, we will be doing less.

 Under previous governments,  Hastings has enjoyed reasonable funding because of the particular  needs it has.

 We are the most deprived town in the South East of  England and we have had the additional money to engage in job-  creation, skills development and even basic social skills for people.

  That will stop.

 Less money for the voluntary sector, car parking  charges up and the near's short for a car one.

 But there is some good  news.

 Cider, who specialise in products  for the over-fifties, are taking up the slack.

 -- sang ya.

 They will  eventually employ 100 people here.

 I was previously working at the Job  Centre but this is a new opportunity for me.

 It has turned  Miley for around in what I can achieve.

 I live locally and it is  brilliant.

 It is a big company and with the new site, there should be  plenty of opportunity to move on and hopefully get a decent career.

  The expected growth to around 800 people.

 We're very excited about  the opportunity to continue to grow and and jobs.

 As you see, in times  of considerable stress on other parts of the Jimmy midday.

  But for councils that losing their jobs, it was not a great date.

 But  were then, has a future junior is just around the corner, literally.

  Councillor Richard tend joins me now appoint Thank you for joining  me now.

 Other cuts too deep and too fast? -- Richard Kemp.

  The cuts seem to be in line with the national average.

 Nationally,  local government employs one pts 6 million people.

 Bill will  government association believes we will lose 140,000 jobs.

 Starting in  the middle of last year to the end of next year.

 Hastings seems to be  about the average of the job losses we're anticipating.

 The Government  says that if councils share their back of the services and joined  forces to procure and cut out overspending, they can protect  frontline services.

 That is absolute nonsense.

 The Treasury say  that local government is the most efficient part of the Government's  system.

 We have any real terms savings of 3% for the last eight  years.

 I would expect he's the is and every other council to continue  to do that.

 Anything over 3% or thereabouts will vary from council  to council is a cut.

 Many councils are facing 10 % losses in their  budget in the forthcoming financial year.

 If idea that he can do that  with backache of receiving and not buying some rubber bands or bigger  clubs, is nonsense.

 Anything above 3% is a cut and that is a great  disservice to council resigns amenities if the Secretary of State  responsible for local government, Eric Pickles, continues to throw  sand in people's eyes and pretend that services and cuts are not real  ones.

 The government has said the  proposed closure for a gent care homes is a matter for local council  not ministers.

 There are concerns which were raised in the Commons by  the Conservative MP Janet Johnson.

 There is a plan to sell off some  homes to the private sector and close 12 homes.

  Around 600 people gathered today to pay tribute to the first children  killed in Afghanistan this year.

 Private -- Private Joseva Vatubua  died in an explosion in Helmand province.

 He was originally from  the tee and was serving with the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders.

  Undelivered letters, parcels and packages had been building up in  Herne Bay since before Christmas because of the bad weather and the  change to staff working patterns.

 Since December, they had been moved  onto a new delivery rounds and writs as part of modernisation  plans.

 It is affecting businesses.

 The post arrived that there is  company in Herne Bay this morning.

 In recent months, it has been so  unreliable it has caused huge problems for a young business which  receives Business and came in through the post.

 If cheques are  coming late, that is making us struggle with cash flow.

 Over  Christmas, we had a few cheques not arrive until.

 We had a big dead  period over the main part of Christmas.

 It has been a struggle  to budget for a lot almost begging for work.

 The back weather before  Christmas was blamed for causing at lock.

 The MP for Herne Bay says  that the problem is caused by new working practices Court introduced  by Royal Mail.

 He says he has had scores of complaints about the  postal service.

 There were boxes and boxes of  letters everywhere.

 They were on desks, under desks, or everywhere.

  The packets the rear was that almost to the ceiling.

 It was very,  very busy indeed.

 It was quite obvious then there was a serious  problem to be addressed.

 Since highlighting the negative impact  this has had in Herne Bay, and number of people have contacted us  to suggest there are also brought problems in other parts of Kent.

  Royal Mail announced the measures which would be implemented to  ensure close would be delivered on time.

 For this company, these  Four patients at Ashworth's William Harvey hospital have died of flu in  five days.

 Two were killed by the swine flu strain.

 As spokesman for  the East Kent Hospital Trust says though it is unusual that the  patients were between 30 and 50, it is consistent with what is  happening across the country.

 Snow alleged to passenger numbers  dipping by 11% at Gatwick airport last month.

  Thieves have stolen snakes and lizards worth £45,000 from a  reptile shop near Sittingbourne.

 The 66 snakes and three lizards  including this white royal python.

 The concern is they will not  receive the specialist care they need it and may die if they cannot  be sold.

 A company director said he could be  forced out of business if made to pay a £40,000 electricity bill  after British Gas said he had been underpaying.

  James Soutter runs a catering firm end Dartmouth.

 Last year, British  Gas ordered him to immediately pay tens of thousands of pounds they  say he always.

 James Soutter is the managing  director of a food company.

 For three years, his monthly  electricity was reasonable.

 £50 per month was the most he was charged  for using power.

 In June last year, he received a bill for more than  £30,000.

 At a thought it was a joke, a mistake.

  One afford them I was chuckling and said that there is no way this is  right.

 When I realised it was right, I feared for my staff.

 We employ  eight people.

 The electricity is supplied by  British Gas.

 Soon after moving in, engineers came to be dismissed --  James Soutter's metres.

 Behind me is the company electricity meter  and records show that it was read 12 times in three years, but for  some reason the information was not used for billing.

 The business was  not under contract, something he did not know at the time.

  I applied to move to EDF Energy.

 When we got St EDF Energy we were  allowed to change, and our bills are coming in now 70 per for -- 75%  cheaper than what we were being charged.

  Mark Allen Farm Assured faced a similar situation.

 Andrew Aves from  the Federation of Small Businesses says arguments over utility bills  are not uncommon.

 We would be expected utility  companies to be fair and reasonable in these circumstances.

  They should accept some responsibility for allowing it to  ward for such a period of time when Rangers were apparently read and  give incorrect information.

 If in a statement, British Gas  James Soutter says he is willing to pay £7,500.

 So far, British Gas is  refusing the offer.

 The businessman's case is now in the  hands of the energy or basement.

 -- ombudsman.

  Our top story - Peter Bick, the 57- year-old man found dead in a flat  in Bexhill, was found dead -- was hit over the head with a blunt  instrument.

 Also in tonight's programme, at  Sussex rocker Roger Daltrey tops the bill with the The Who at a  charity concert to raise money for cancer treatment.

  And Brighton rocks but Eastbourne features in a new film along with a  spade or a fanatic from Seaford.

 -- basket or fanatic.

 -- basket or  fanatic.

 35 acres of Kent farmland could  should be covered with solar panels if one of the biggest solar farms  and the country is given the go- ahead.

 The farmer wants to release  his land to a German company which could power local villagers.

  More usually found in the sunny climes of southern Europe, this is  a sore farm in Spain, generating renewable energy from the sun.

  There are none in the UK, but there are no plans for one in Kent.

 Not  as big as this, but a large-scale project.

 The plan to transform this  field is still in the early stages, but if given the go-ahead, the  whole of the field, 35 acres, would be covered in 20,000 solar panels,  and that would generate enough electricity to supply 1750 homes,  or the whole of Lenham and Harrier jump put together.

  Farmer Andrew Barr says it all grew out of an idea to make renewable  energy for the farm.

 The land will not be taking away  from food production, at one of the beauties of the solar panels is  that you can graze sheep underneath.

 It is shielded from houses, you  cannot see the village from here, but it has good enough access with  the road and power lines, so weighing up all the pros and cons,  it is a good side.

 It is happening now, because  financial incentives for such schemes began last April.

  It's is bringing the payback for these projects down to a level  where if you look at them as you would any other investment  opportunity they become viable for stock whilst large schemes like  these on the Continent are still in the planning stages here, small,  private solar installations are already being increasingly  installed.

 We will see far more small-scale  systems.

 The Government wants to see small systems put on people's  riffs, for three great reasons - we have the feed in tariff, which is  the greater part of the deal, then the three electricity you will get,  then any electricity you do not use will go straight back into the  national grid.

 All part of the game to cut  The Sussex rock star, Roger Daltrey, will be performing with The Who in  a star-studded concert tonight.

 Bryan Adams, Jeff Beck and Debbie  Harry are also on the bill.

 They are raising money for Killing  Cancer, a charity that funds research into a cancer treatment  and known as photodynamic therapy, and The Who frontman is supporting  the work after his recent scare.

 It is hoped that this gig will  raise £200,000 for a cancer treatment less invasive that either  radiotherapy or chemotherapy.

 I am a patron of the Teenage Cancer  Trust, and the work I do with them, I am aware of the damage caused by  a lot of the cancer treatments, and anything that can reduce that must  be good.

 Roger Daltrey's stuttering  expression of youthful anger and frustration captured the revolution  feeling of the 1960s and became The Who's trademark, but he has  admitted he could lose his voice at any time after having surgery on a  pre-cancerous growths on his throat last year.

 Now he is supporting  research into photodynamic therapy treatment which targets cells with  light.

 He does not a substitute for surgery, radiotherapy or  chemotherapy, it is an additional way of treating these conditions.

  Our current treatments do not look after every one, some people fail  to respond, and for that group, the percentage is difficult to quantify,  but one would think of 10-20% of patients with cancer may benefit  from the therapy at some stage.

 The Who will be performing tonight  at the Hammersmith Apollo, alongside Jeff Beck and Debbie  Harry.

 Working with these musicians is  completely distracting, really, because I have been doing these  songs for so many years, but hearing the way others play them  and working with these great guys is going to be great fun.

  The treatment is only so far used for some cancers.

 The priority for  tonight's concert is to get funding for trials for breast and throat  cancer.

 Some breaking football news, and  the BBC's South-East today understands that former Charlton  player Chris Powell has been offered and will accept the vacant  manager's's job.

 --.

 The fans' favourite, who is 41, enjoyed three  successful stints with the team.

 He had more than 250 games.

 The  previous owner sacked at the peak - - the owner sacked the previous  manager on fourth January.

 I vintage scooter fanatic from  Seaford has found himself in preposition in a film that is  tipped to beat a Blockbuster.

 Christian can be seen in a trailer  for the new Brighton Rock film alongside the main character, at  Pinkie.

 It is called Brighton Rock, but it  features other seaside towns, does it not?  Yes, they had to do a little trickery with the locations to make  Britain look like it did in the 60s, where the remake is said.

 Brighton  Pier, behind me, when you see it in the trailer it is actually  Eastbourne Pier.

 Brighton Pier it is too modern.

 But the director has  insisted on everything else being authentic, and that is why at  Lambretta a fan from Seaford it stepped in.

  Britain is on the move, she is not what she used to be.

.

.

  Dark, gritty, get full familiar places you love, Graham Greene's  1930s classic has been remade in the ear of Mods and rockers.

 But in  a local scooter Club heard they were looking for extras, it was a  chance for Christian Simpson to show off his pride and joy.

  It's his way a of those things, when you get into it, it is  something special that is in your blood.

  Once a mod, die abroad.

 The original film made a star out  of Richard Attenborough in the role of the Pinkie.

  You and me ought to get acquainted.

.

.

  This film has an equally stellar cast, with Sam Riley and Dame Helen  Mirren, but this time Eastbourne Pier replaced Brighton and the  eager it was changed to 1964.

 -- and the age was changed.

  It did not have the same relevance in the 30s, and if it was in the  present day it would become some kind of English social realism,  while this is a thriller.

 Tipped to be a Blockbuster, it  shows Sussex and some of its residents and their full glory.

  The film opens in a round three weeks' time.

  A lot of the Reds -- extras that were cast were from Eastbourne and  Brighton, so you may see a few more familiar faces than just the stars  themselves.

 I am very excited by that.

  It looked windy down there, didn't Yes, it's dead, it is a rain and  more rain at the moment.

 We have had more than two inches of rain  and some areas, mainly across western parts of Kent and Surrey.

  There is more to come in the next 24 hours.

 We have been stuck under  this conveyor belt of rain, and that will continue over the next 24  hours.

 We have had some dried days, but the rain has now come back to  us and will be with us for the rest of the evening.

 It will ease once  again as we go through the night, but the winds will not relent much,  and once again it is the south coast which will bear the brunt,  costs around 45 mph.

 A mild night again, temperatures no lower than  10-11 Celsius.

 The rain gets its act together  tomorrow throat and middle part of the day, this time around South  Kent and the coast, some heavy downpours here.

 It will ease and  clear by the end of the day, so we'll have a drier end of the week  and start to the weekend, and it will be mild tomorrow, highs of a  round 13 Celsius.

 We are hopeful we

 tomorrow, it should be fun.

 Good  Welcome to South East Today.

 I'm Polly Evans.

 And I'm Rob Smith.

  Tonight's top stories: Over a year after subsidence forced them out,  the families wondering if they'll ever return home.

  Operations cancelled as winter flu puts pressure on our hospitals and  GPs warn they're running out of vaccine.

  Also in tonight's programme: Murdered in a riverside park.

 A  second man stands trial for the killing of Bobby Kalon.

 We'll be  crossing live to our reporter at the Old Bailey.

  A grandfather's gift: How one Kent man donated part of his liver to  help save his grandson's life.

 was only too pleased to be able to  help him.

 And getting to grips with the scale  of the problem: A new rescue centre is set up to deal with the rise in  Good evening.

 Families forced to abandon their homes in poured stay  more than a year ago by his sudden subsidence problem say they are  still homeless because I am an argument between Southern Water,  their employers and their insurance companies.

 When their ordeal began  just before Christmas in 2009, they thought it would take a few days to  sort out, but the farmers say they are no closer to knowing when or if  they will be able to go home -- the family say.

 Abandoned just a few  hours before Christmas Day 2009.

 What is left of the decorations are  still visible in some of the windows.

 This was the moment the  family is left with their possessions 13 months ago.

 In the  space of just a few hours, their homes had sunk into the ground,  balls have begun splitting and cracks had appeared in the ground.

  -- Waltz had begun.

 Still lived here and remembered trying to help  her neighbours first.

 I had seen my neighbours and told them they could  leave whatever they wanted in my house.

 As I walked down the path,  my house started to come away.

 It was scary because you stand there,  and then you watch the garden rising up, then part of its bit  down.

 -- split down.

 Since then, Jill has been in rented  accommodation.

 People have been fighting over who was responsible.

  A water company and then legal company, a district council and  their lawyers, 12, 13 months later, and still these people are not back  in their homes and spent -- face the prospect another 10 months  before they can walk back into their front doors.

 It is a travesty.

  It has been a year of them waiting for authorities to come to a  conclusion to sort the problem out.

 This is not about money, this is  about lives.

 The argument centres on whether or not a burst water  main was responsible.

 Jill believes it was.

 Southern Water told us  today about the birth was itself caused by subsidence due to the  area being built on disused chalk pit.

 While the row continues, Gil  took me back into her now empty home.

 This is my kitchen.

 This must  be a bit sad.

 Thad and frustrating.

 Jill is still playing the mortgage  on the house and is determined to move back home but has been told it  might be next Christmas before that might happen -- still paying the  mortgage.

 If you have a story you think we  should be covering, we did love to hear from you.

 You can call us or  e-mail us.

 The details are on the Of hospitals across Kent and Sussex  have been forced to cancel operations because bluer and other  viral illnesses are putting extreme pressure on beds.

 -- because flu.

  Be patient at the Eastbourne District General Hospital has died  from suspected swine flu.

 The first potential victim in the south-east  this winter.

 Flu viruses can spread if you do not cop -- catch your  cough or sneeze is hygienically.

 This is exactly what has happened  of thousands of people in the south-east this winter.

 There are  three boroughs is circulating.

 one causing the most trouble is the  swine flu that was around last winter.

 There are also two others.

  One is capable of causing serious along this.

 This seasonal vaccine  covers all three.

 That is exactly what those who are classed as  medically at risk are queuing up to get, but can surprise keep up with  demand? We have been running short of vaccines in some areas.

 My  practice it still has vaccines, but at the rate we are giving a doubt,  that will run out in a few days.

 We have now been told will be able to  order some but seen from the swine flu epidemic which is still in date.

  They are 222 critical care beds across the south-east.

 Around 190  of them are currently occupied.

 51 by people suffering from flu.

 The  virus has claimed its first victim this season in Eastbourne.

 It has  been confirmed today that a patient has died from suspected swine flu.

  The death may believe to be that of a woman, is the first known disease  and a -- clear related death this winter.

 But cases are lower than  last is pandemic.

 One key message remains as important as ever --  last year's pandemic.

 Bennett and kill it by washing your hands.

 --  be in it.

 How have the car's pedals been coping? -- the hospitals?  Hospitals here in Sussex seemed to be coping well.

 The picture appears  to be very different in Kent.

 There hospital say they have been  inundated with flu cases, so much so that they have had to cancel  some routine operations.

 The Medway Maritime Hospital has been worst  affected.

 But Blair -- the latest figures suggest things are getting  better.

 In a moment: Tributes for a  champion: The boxing world mourns the untimely death of Medway's Gary  Mason.

 The Old Bailey has today heard how  I man was stabbed 33 times and had his throat cut on a crowded public  river front in Gravesend.

 One man has already been jailed for the  murder of Kamaljit Kalon in 2003.

 Today, the jury heard from  witnesses who claimed a second man, Baljinder Singh Kooner, her --  health Kamaljit Kalon down as he was stabbed.

 It had been a warm  summer's evening and the riverside promenade it was busy in Gravesend  when the peace was shattered by a violent struggle.

 It ended with  Kamaljit Kalon dying in front of shocked onlookers.

 He was stabbed  and slashed at, his throat cut with a knife.

 One man told the court he  had been walking with his fiancee when he came across the terrible  scene.

 His emotional response was horror.

 He said it with a vision  that had never lived -- left him despite the years that had passed.

  Kamaljit Kalon died in 2003.

 Police identified two suspects but they  had already left the country.

 Baljinder Singh Kooner was arrested  trying to get back into Britain in 2007.

 He pleaded guilty to murder  six months later.

 Another one was detained in France more than a year  ago.

 His trial last summer was stopped because he fell ill.

 One  witness to just -- one witness, just a teenager at the time, said  the knife was then turned on him.

 He said when did this stabbing and  slashing Wallace second help the victim down.

 Baljinder Singh Kooner  admits he was there that evening but denies being involved in murder.

  Ferre, witnesses in this case are being asked to look back a long  time? Yes, 7 1/2 years.

 They have got this statement that they gave  at the time.

 In some cases, videos of interviews they did with police  backing 2003 are also being shown before they give their evidence.

 In  some cases, you have got young men in the but this box.

 But on the  screens, you can see them as the 30 new roles they were at the time  when such violence unfolded in front of them -- 13 year olds.

  10 prison officers have been injured after they were attacked by  its inmates during a disturbance at a jail on the Isle of Sheppey.

 The  Prison Officers Association says up to a dozen prisoners were involved  in a violent incident adds Wales state -- Swaleside Prison.

 It broke  out after guards challenged a prisoner they believed had a mobile  phone.

 A teenager has been arrested in  connection with a dog attack on a 13-year-old boy in Gillingham.

 Liam  Monks needed plastic surgery on his leg after being bitten while  playing football last week.

 A 15- year-old boy it is being questioned.

  Rail services in the south-east could be hit by strikes over the  next few weeks.

 The RMT union's members working for the Bell  company Southeastern have voted to support industrial action in  protest against job cuts at Charing Cross and Victoria railway stations.

  Tributes have been played today to former heavyweight boxing champion  Gary Mason has died after being knocked off his bicycle in a road  accident.

 He grew up in the Medway Towns, training for his biggest  fight at a gym in Chatham.

 It was the only professional fight he lost.

  36 successful about in a ten-year career, Gary Mason should have been  a household name.

 But a popular thank Pyrenean and a hungry Lennox  Lewis prevented that -- Frank Bruno.

 The British heavyweight champion  lifting Kent at the peak of his career.

 News of his death has  shaken the boxing community.

 such a young age, 48 years old.

  Always had time for people, always had a smile on his first.

 Gary  Mason was born in Jamaica.

 The big man it was difficult to beat.

 Only  a boxer knows what it takes to enter a ring with another man who  wants to knock your head off.

 was a terrific fighter.

 He fought  Lennox Lewis for the European title, but at any other time, he may well  have been able to fight and possibly win the world heavyweight  title.

 Frank Bruno says Gary Mason was a better technical fighter but  the other fighter had put more determination.

 1991 at Wembley was  probably one of the most brutal heavyweight fight scene between two  guys who did not want to lose.

 One guy's career went up and the other  ended in that ring and it was Gary's career that ended well  stocked dying on a road in a bicycle in London is not the way a  boxer would choose to go.

 He's an - - a great mark on the history of  boxing.

 What sort of man was Gary Mason? His fading describe him as  being a bit of a handful but a great guy -- his agent.

 After  boxing, he tried television punditry, he even tried out for the  London Bronco's Rugby League -- a lead team.

 Boxing was his first  love and British boxing has lost its mild tonight.

 The driver of a  ban has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous  driving.

 Our top story tonight: Families forced to abandon their  homes in Broadstairs more than a year ago by a sudden subsidence  problem say they are still homeless, because of arguments between  Southern Water, their lawyers and their insurance companies.

 The  families say they're no closer to knowing when, or even if, they'll  ever be able to go home.

 Also in tonight's programme: Reptile rescue.

  A new centre is set up to deal with Our next weather worry is on us,  and it is not ice or snow, it is I felt it was my destiny, the words  of a Kent man who has donated part of his liver to save the life of  his baby grandson.

 John Targett from Ashford underwent surgery  after Owen was diagnosed with a rare disease.

 He is only the third  grandparent in the UK to go through a procedure for a grandchild.

 Our  reporter has this special report.

 Look at grandad.

 Two months ago,  Owen would have been too tired to sit up or even try to play with his  toy.

 Less than one year old, he had had three unsuccessful that the  donations and was losing the battle.

 That was until his grandfather  decided he could not stand by and let that happen.

 I felt it was my  destiny, and I was only too pleased to be able to help him.

 And anyone  else in the same position out there, some people might not realise that  they can be a living donor and there is hope.

 Owen was born with  biliary atresia, a rare disease that prevents the liver from  draining bile and without an operation, it can be fatal.

  The liver is the only organ in the body that can regenerate and so it  can be partly donated.

 Surgeons removed 20% of John's organ, and  Owen received the left-hand lobe, the smallest part most suited to  transplantation into young children.

 Unfortunately with liver  transplantation, unlike people waiting for a kidney transplant,  they can wait on a dialysis machine.

 But these patients are dying on the  waiting lists and so we are looking to all sources of organs and we are  now using living donors.

 Owen his mother Fleur knows only too well  how emotional can be for the people involved.

 Were have got our little  boy.

 Another family is going through what you are hoping what  you are not going through, and you have got that in the back of your  mind that when you take him down, you might say goodbye.

 Owen will  need to be on specialist jobs for life but for now, both he and his  grandad are enjoying their unique In recent years, there has been a  huge boom in the ownership of reptiles as pets.

 Seen as  relatively low maintenance compared to a dog or a cat.

 There were 1.

5  million reptiles kept as pets in 1999, and that had gone up to 5  million in 2004.

 It now stands at 8 million.

 But the RSPCA is having to  deal with a huge deal of unwanted and abandoned reptiles.

 A new  centre has been set up dealing with crocodiles, boa constrictors, even  a deadly Gabon viper.

 Our reporter has been to take a look.

 If less  than two weeks after Christmas and the RSPCA centre near Brighton says  it is overflowing with reptiles.

 We have a few snakes in here.

 Some  power constrictors in here.

 A Nile monitor found in Crawley.

 Some  Chinese water dragons and some baby Chinese water dragons.

 Some leopard  gecko has, at some adults and juveniles as well.

 There are 70  reptiles being looked after here.

 In recent years, the problem has  become so bad that reptiles are becoming unwanted pets and the  charity is now setting up a specialist care centre, the only  one of its kind in the country but they can end up here for numerous  reasons.

 They are cute at this size, but they can get up to four stone  in weight.

 And they need a whole heated room all of the year round  to keep them.

 This one is is a rat snake, and he is basically unwanted  and people's circumstances change and that is how I get most of the  reptiles in, to be honest.

 Because they live a long time, reptiles, up  to about 30 years, some of them.

 Part of the problem for the RSPCA  is the boom in the reptile trade.

 Pet shops are still relatively  popular, but the internet has helped expand private sales which  can go unchecked and come without advice from the seller to the new  owners.

 We have had wildlife policing and people checking our  paperwork, and that is the first time we have ever seen them in 30  years of being in business.

 That is a good thing.

 Because not everybody  carries out what is supposed to be done.

 The RSPCA meanwhile he tried  to find homes for all of its accumulated over Christmas and has  lodged an appeal for new rate -- They send a shiver up the spine.

  What is not to love? It is the rearmost -- it is the most romantic  weekend in the annual football: The when the big boys joined the FA's  big -- the FA Cup.

 And as our reporter joins, four of our teams  are hoping to spot a bit of a giant killer.

 This weekend, there and no  fewer than four opportunities for south-east teams to make south-east  teams.

 Dover Athletic are the lowest-ranked team left in the  competition.

 72 places below their opponents in the football pyramid  but tomorrow morning, the part-time players will play Huddersfield Town.

  The first time ever in the club's history we have got to the third  round.

 And it is a fantastic achievement.

 A proud moment for us  and the club and I think of the town as well.

 Crawley Town have  even more illustrious opponents and Derby County are the visitors.

  people would rather be the underdogs and we can only go out  there play what we can and hopefully we will get some kind of  result.

 Down the M23 and Brighton and Hove Albion have a great chance  of upsetting South Coast rivals, Portsmouth.

 FA Cup finalists just  two years ago.

 They are privileged to be here, they are the better  team but we have never been close up.

 It has been an eventful week  for Charlton fans following the dismissal of Phil Parkinson, so  don't rule out and up stepped -- don't rule out an upset at Spurs.

  People say they have got no chance and they do not win, and it did not  as -- and it does not happen.

 How many times have you seen that?  People turn up to these games, no matter how the odds on favourites  are favoured.

 The addicts new owners have not got that much to  smile about but perhaps that is all going to change.

  Tomorrow's a big day for Dover Athletic then, in the third round  for the first time in their history.

 And a group of fans are flying to  the match with the players in a private jet.

 Would you believe it?  Including newsagent Brian Hall.

 He joins us live from Dover.

 You are  Johnny B jet said then? Yes, tomorrow I am.

 Exciting times.

 --  joining the jet set.

 What are the atmosphere like.

 What is the  atmosphere like in the town? They are certainly talking about it,  they are buzzing.

 All of my customers are talking about the  football.

 It has been very difficult to work because of the  excitement.

 Are you optimistic of getting a result? It is a big leap,  72 places? Yes, but you have got to be optimistic, we have got a  fantastic away record this season.

 We have already beaten two League  clubs, there is no reason we cannot get a result.

 But we have got a  good chance.

 If you do get a win, are you going to behave yourselves  on the return journey? I hope not! If we get a win, it will be  absolutely fantastic, I am really looking forward to it.

 Really good  luck, and we will keep our fingers crossed.

 Thank you.

 Good luck to  all our teams and you can get live commentary tomorrow,, I tuning into  your local radio station on the BBC.

 Staying with football, Gillingham  are not in Cup action, they were knocked out by Dover but they had  the chance to move back into League Two play-off places.

 If they can  beat managerless Stockport County.

 Andy Hessenthaler has been  nominated for manager of the Month award following the recent five  Matt Prior, the Sussex wicketkeeper, has been celebrating after winning  Eggar's Australia in the Ashes.

 He helped England to their most  successful Ashes series Down Under for more than 30 years.

 As the  cricket been on? And now for a look It felt a bit like spring today and  today we got up to 11.

5 Celsius, that is normally something we would  see in April.

 Today has been the warmest day since last autumn and  it is not that unusual to get mild air at this time of year.

 In fact,  from now until the 17th January, 87% of the time we will have this  wet, windy and mild weather and it is certainly what we have got into  next week.

 A fine weekend but as we go into next week, more wet weather  starts to come back again and it looks like the Atlantic has been  back on the baked beans.

 We have got more wet and windy weather and  tonight, we have got the worst of it.

 Not just because of the heavy  showers, although we have had lots today but the winds are getting  much stronger.

 You might get some drier weather at the moment, there  is more heavy rain to come.

 That will get very heavy and the winds  getting stronger.

 Talking about 40 mph gusts in land, and 60 mph gusts  around the south coast.

 The kind of those which will keep you awake at  night battling the windows.

 But the temperatures, look at that, 8 or  nine Celsius the minimum.

 A mild night.

 As we end the night, we will  have the strong winds and also the heavy rain and that is  unfortunately how we start the weekend.

 It is going to be quite  wet but I would say, about 10 o'clock in the morning, the rain  will have gone, the winds will be easing and by midday, we will see  the cloud thinning at the sunshine increasing.

 Saturday afternoon  onwards, we will have clear skies and Saturday afternoon and Sunday,  some bright weather.

 That will bring cooler air as we go into  Sunday.

 It will not be wet over the weekend, and then as we go into  Sunday, not a cloud in the sky, beautiful sunshine and temperatures  around average.

 It really is tonight that is the worst of the  weather, some really strong winds, gusts anywhere between 40-60 mph.

  If you are outside, it is going to be very heavy rain and some strong  winds.

 Tomorrow morning, it starts off quite damp, but they will get  blown out of the way quite quickly.

 Saturday, we will see some lovely  sunshine and Sunday it will feel quite sunny but prepare -- but  prepare yourself for more win the We would love to know what do you  think about the programmes on the BBC, they are looking for new  members of our Regional Audience Council.

 You do not get any money  but you get paid expenses.

 You can join up online.

 You can phone for  an application pack on the following telephone number as well.

  If you're interested, we need your application backed by Friday 20th  January.

 It has recap on our top stories:  The former Labour MP David Chaytor has been sentenced to 18 months in  jail for making a fraudulent expenses claim.

 A in the's  cricketers are expense -- are celebrating their first Ashes  series win in Australia since 1986.

 And families have been forced to  abandon their homes in Broadstairs,

 final if you can, but for now, from  Hello and welcome.

 Our top stories tonight: Swine Flu Vaccines given  to babies in Jersey, as cases near a hundred this year alone.

  Nature versus economics - is Guernsey sacrificing its  environment for airport expansion? And the islander making his dream  dance vision a reality in the The year is just a few weeks old,  and already nearly a hundred people in Jersey have been diagnosed with  swine flu.

 The news comes as babies and toddlers in the island are  being offered a vaccine against the virus.

 Its success, of course,  depends on the take-up.

 Beckie Williams has spent the day speaking  to parents.

 Say hello to Isaac.

 He's two years  old and loves nothing more than playing with his toys.

 He had the  swine flu jab when he was 18 months old - something his mum says she's  pleased about.

 We were advised to buy the doctor  and the clinic.

 We did debated.

 We considered not taking him.

 I  decided the pros outweighed the cons.

 He did not have a any side  effects.

 But now Jersey's health authorities  want babies aged between six and 20 months to be immunised.

 And doctors  are now offering the swine flu vaccine to them.

 So why should  children have it? Over the last few weeks we have  seen increasing flu activity, including swine flu.

 We recognise  this group is vulnerable and we do not want to take any risks.

  Well, the hospital might be encouraging parents to get their  children vaccinated, but how do the mums feel? That's what I asked the  parents here at this parent and baby club.

  I am expecting my second child in four days and have been offered a  vaccine.

 I would give one or two might four and have year-old if it  was offered.

 I think it is very important to  vaccinate against it so I definitely would get it.

 School  children in Jersey won't be offered it though.

 Health bosses say many  of them have already had it.

 But for the most vulnerable group like  Isaac, doctors hope the take-up of the vaccine is high, to give them  the best chance of staying flu-free.

 The public will not be asked about  reducing the number of politicians in Jersey with an island-wide  mandate.

 The States has already agreed in principle to cut the  number of senators from 12 to eight.

 Senator Freddie Cohen wanted that  issue put to a referendum, but he was defeated by 10 votes in the  States this afternoon.

 Internet users in Guernsey are  being frustrated by the varying speeds of broadband available.

 Work  to provide a faster service across the island was completed last week.

  A spokesperson for Sure says users' expectations could be too high.

  Speeds of up to eight megabytes a second should now be accessible,  but many people are reporting speeds as low as one.

  It could be much harder to rent or buy property in Sark in future.

 New  proposals about the island's housing laws were debated in Chief  Pleas today.

 Some deputies want to establish a list of restricted  homes which can only be occupied by qualified locals, leaving an  unrestricted list available to everyone else.

  The date for the funeral of the former BBC journalist, teacher and  ex-Jersey politician, Mike Vibert, has been announced.

 It will be at  1pm next Monday at St Brelade's parish church.

  Next, it's not just a case of 'Not In My Back Yard', according to the  Guernsey residents campaigning against the expansion of the  airport runway near their homes.

 The impact on the local environment  was the focus of a public meeting on the matter last night.

  Looking for answers, neighbours of Guernsey airport took the chance to  question their deputies on the major work planned for the runway.

  We're told it's vital it goes ahead, but it's happening on their  doorstep, and many people at this meeting weren't happy.

  As it stands the runway will be shifted to the west.

 And it's the  potential impact on the fields currently there that's causing  concern.

 I think it will cause a lot of  damage.

 It is 13 acres of land that will be destroyed, land of hive  visual quality.

 We have do protect and our Island.

 Alternatives exist  and we have not examined them.

 department in charge of the work is  confident it's got the plans right, and that's it worked out how best  protect the environment.

 But before anything can happen, deputies need  to agree to compulsory purchase this field, as well as close La  Mare Road.

 And whilst the debate isn't about the final plans,  critics within the States are going to make the most of it to convince  members there are other options.

 We have got the other opportunity.

  There is no need to involve that particular road.

 There is no need  for or a compulsory purchase.

 one would dispute the runway is a  lifeline for the island, and one we need to keep open.

 Residents and  deputies with concerns are now just hoping the States will keep an open  mind to some of the alternatives.

 You're watching the BBC in the  Channel Islands.

 Later in Spotlight with Justin and Victoria, why being  in the dog house is no bad thing at An initiative to tackle obesity in  Guernsey will see hundreds of women trying out sport this week.

 It has  been organised by the Sports Commission.

 Coaches will give tips  and advice.

 We would probably do something like  this once a year.

 I think January is a great time to do it.

 We are  also looking to do something later in the year.

 Eight get active  fortnight.

 It will be for everybody.

 Trying some new things.

 Yesterday  she became a world champion, and tomorrow Guernsey's Alison Merrien  might do it all over again.

 The Sarnian and her bowls partner,  Simon Skelton, have already clinched the mixed pairs title.

  Tomorrow Alison's in the singles final over in Norfolk.

 Good luck to  Take 1,000 dancers from 22 countries, stick them all together  in the world's most famous theme park, and ask a man from Jersey to  sort them out.

 Christophe Chateau has been asked to choreograph the  opening ceremony parade for the 2011 Dance World Cup, which is  being held at Disneyland Paris.

 So how and why? Well, a short time ago  Christophe joined me in the studio.

 Basically we distillate down to a  small team of people.

 -- week is still a hit.

 Although it is 1000  dancers in total, I am only teaching aid to one small group.

  They learned in their own country.

 Luckily I do not teach all 1000.

  Tell me about the dance world copper? It has been going for a few  years.

 The knowledge of it is quite new.

 It is a worldwide that  competition.

 It takes place in a different country each year.

 Each  country has its own competition.

 Jersey has the Eisteddfod.

 Those  winners will be selective and asked if they want to compete.

 They move  into the final, which this year is in Disneyland Paris.

 It must be an  honour to be asked to choreograph the parade.

 Why did they pick you?  I was invited to be a judge for the German national final last year.

 It  is so big in Germany they have a nationwide competition.

 Whilst in  Germany, Disney representative there to check out the quality of  those dancers, discussed Disney with me.

 We discovered that Disney  were happy to not want to choreograph the parade.

 Fortunately,  I was asked on the spot if I would do the choreography.

 I jumped at  the chance.

 Obviously a Disney parade has its own style.

 Is there  anything about Jersey that particularly inspires your work?  Adding the open air and the freedom to perform, definitely.

 -- I think.

  There is a huge scene on the island.

 A lot of people to perform.

 Open  space is great here for the summer.

 We hope in the video to promote  some of the island to all of the other countries around the world.

  Good early.

 -- good luck.

 I hope my bosses don't send me to Disneyland.

  That would be just dreadful! Now Good evening.

 A lot of fine weather  to look forward to in the next few days.

 Also a lot of cloud.

 It may  generate the odd light shower.

 Overnight to light, clear skies  initially.

 That little whether from becoming a Divisova and half of the  North Sea will trickle through the Channel.

 -- coming from the North  Sea.

 By Friday, there is the risk again of quite a lot of loud.

 That  will be quite thick and stubborn.

 It will continue into the weekend.

  Tonight temperatures will fall close to freezing and pick up again.

  Winds from the north-east.

 Showers possible down towards Jersey and up  towards Alderney.

 By the afternoon, spells of sunshine.

 Top temperature,  Six degrees.

 A few early showers.

 Times of high of Walker.

.

.

 -- high  At best, one or two feet for most of the surfing beaches.

 Fairly calm  seas.

 The forecast for the end of the week is more cloud.

 The estate,  brighter in the afternoon.

 Friday is cloudy.

 It will stay cold at the  weekend.

 The possibility of drizzle Do you know a boucherie from a  boulangerie, and a cheval from your cheveux? Pupils at Hautlieu school  in Jersey should do, as they've set up a video conferencing link  between themselves and La Hague Dike in Normandy.

 Students will use  the link to practice their conversation skills.

  In tomorrow's Breakfast show on BBC Radio Guernsey, we'll be hearing  how Guernsey people can join the

 weather for the moment.

 Stay tuned  Good evening.

 Welcome to East Midlands Today.

 First tonight, the  widower who's still waiting for an apology about the poor level of  care his late wife received.

 It is through their inadequacy is that  this happened.

 There is no apology.

 Also, the fall-out from the first  Gulf war.

 Of the veterans buckling ill-health 20 years on.

 I am very  bitter because it's not trust me.

 There are thousands of Ross Ford  stock there is a warning in Leicester.

  Put your wheelie bins away or you could be fined more than £100 for  Odstock we find out why market traders in Leicester are going back  First tonight, the widower who's still waiting for an apology about  the poor level of care his late wife received.

 Sylvia Densham was  looked after at her home in Leicester by community nurses.

 She  had infected bedsores but her own doctor wasn't told how ill she'd  become.

 A coroner said that, had Sylvia's care been better, on a  balance of probabilities, she would have survived.

 But months on, her  family say they still don't have answers to their questions, nor has  anyone apologised.

 Helen Astle reports.

  Sylvia Densham died from infected bedsores.

 Some were eight  centimetres wide.

 Her family describe her as a caring woman but  at her inquest it was revealed that ultimately, it was her carers that  to let her down.

 That was three months ago and today her family is  still waiting for an apology.

 are at fault my wife has died.

 I  have no longer got a wife.

 It is through their inner -- inadequacies  and negligence this has happened.

 There is no apology.

 And it is  disgraceful.

 In investigation into her care revealed it was sub-  standard.

 Unsatisfactory.

 And that community nurses are now facing  disciplinary action.

 Of for her family, the report doesn't go far  enough.

 I don't think the people involve realise the impact on  families.

 It is not just a year ago, it is going to be on going.

 It does  hurt.

 I looked at her picture today, and said, that is my mum.

 It seems  my wife's death is in vain if nothing is done about it.

 And that  is pretty shocking.

 It is hard to accept that you put your trust in  these people and they let you down.

 You expect them to be there, you  expect the care to be given, it wasn't.

 The family is considering  legal action whilst they can accept her death, they cannot accept how  This morning, Mr Densham was still waiting for an apology.

 We  contacted Leicester City Community Health Service who have since  "We are deeply sorry that there were occasions where our care of  Mrs Densham fell below the standards we would normally expect.

  We have made extensive changes to those areas where our service was  Next, the fears of a Tunisian living in the East Midlands as  civil unrest continues to rock the country.

 Mourad Dziri from  Nottingham wants democracy in his country as soon as possible.

 But  he's concerned about his parents and other relatives as they face  the prospect of armed gangs and food shortages.

 He's been speaking  to Mike O'Sullivan.

 Turmoil in Tunisia.

 It's led to the  declaration of a new government.

 But the future is still uncertain  for many Tunisians.

 In Nottingham, Mourad Dziri is anxiously watching  events.

 His Facebook page contains mobile phone footage that friends  have sent to him.

 He's worried about his family.

 Everybody is  scared.

 What about if somebody goes to the house and still something?  Was talking to my mother last night and she was saying she could hear  gunshots everywhere.

 Mourad's relatives live in the  coastal town of Sous.

 He owns the house his parents live in.

 He's one  of ten brothers and sisters, most of them still living in Tunisia.

 He  says normal life has come to a halt.

 Shops are empty, not much food  because everybody runs to the shop, they brought everything.

 They don't  know what is going to happen.

 In flames.

 Mobile phone footage  sent to Mourad of the burning of a car owned can't talk about anything  we can't do anything.

 We want democracy.

 That is what most people  want to do now.

 He is settled here but hopes to  return to Tunisia soon to see the changes for himself.

  Still to come, £50 for your tins and cards.

 The council is rewarding  good recyclers for a list of the prospect of some winter sun for.

  Some say the rain was here to stay but when the Morrow dorms are we  will see a new day, and with the onset of night, stay tuned for the  A teenager's been acquitted of shining a laser beam into the  cockpit of a police helicopter.

 The bright green light, similar to the  one shown here, was pointed at the Nottinghamshire helicopter last  April as it flew over Top Valley.

 The jury at Nottingham Crown Court  heard that the pilot couldn't see and had to take evasive action.

 19-  year-old Kyle Maddock from Top Valley was charged with endangering  an aircraft, but today the prosecution offered no evidence and  he was found not guilty.

 Police have found the body of a  woman after a fire at a house in Long Eaton.

 The discovery came as  officers continued searching the home in Wellington Street following  the fire on Friday.

 Its owner, Linda Parks, has been missing since  then.

 The fire's not being treated as suspicious.

 18 tons of rubbish  had to be removed from the property to enable the search to go ahead.

  Aircraft technology developed in Derby is being used at sea.

 Rolls-  Royce marine gas turbines are being supplied to ten warships in a deal  worth several hundred million dollars.

 The turbines are derived  from the Derby built Trent 800 aero engine.

 Many of the parts are built  engine.

 Many of the parts are built Ex-servicemen in the East Midlands  say they are still fighting for justice for a legacy of ill health  problems two decades on since the first Gulf War.

 It's 20 years ago  today that Allied forces launched a massive bombing campaign.

 It  eventually forced Iraq's withdrawal from Kuwait.

 The Joint Forces  Alliance group in Mansfield says many British veterans are suffering  poor health and accuses the Government of failing to fully  recognise their plight.

 Rob Sissons reports.

  20 years ago, the assault that began the widespread offensive,  Desert Storm.

 It doesn't feel like 20 years.

 It may seem like  yesterday but for these servicemen, the health problems they linked to  the conflict are ever-present.

 Jason was on the front line and  left the Army and suffered depression, mood swings and heart  problems.

 I have all the mood swings and depression.

 I was too  proud to recognise a lot of those things.

 Neil is convinced that too  many vaccinations and exposure to nerve agents of the cause of his  similar things.

 It is a blur.

 It is like I have lost my memory.

 We met  by accident in a bar and sat down talking and we was serving in the  same compound wall and it was looking like in a mirror.

 Neil left  the Army with a shining report.

 keen and enthusiastic man.

 A do you  recognise him? Not any more.

 Not any more.

 His life has not been  glowing since.

 In a statement the Jason is looking to expand his work  supporting other veterans but with council cuts to voluntary services  support, he worries about it.

 Police have been given extra time  to question a man arrested on suspicion of murder in Sutton in  Ashfield.

 The 23-year-old's been in custody since Friday night when a  man was found dead on Jephson Road in the town.

 A second man's still  in hospital with serious wounds.

 A third was treated for superficial  injuries.

 The 27-year-old who died hasn't yet been named.

  A busy road in Derby has partially reopened after a water main burst  over the weekend.

 It happened on Friar Gate in the city on Saturday  night, flooding a social housing complex.

 People living in nine  ground floor flats had to be moved to other accommodation.

 The water  pipe has now been repaired, and one side of the road opened.

 The other  side's still being mended.

 Still to come, the Grand ten-year  lead totting up exercise.

 Punch in those numbers, the Censuses coming,  and everybody counts.

 -- of the After a four year legal battle  costing millions of pounds, a community association has lost its  fight for free access to a village hall.

 Members in greed and on the  hell have argued they paid to build the hall 50 years ago and shouldn't  be charged.

 The Appeal Court has upheld the ruling that the County  Council have done nothing wrong in making the charges.

  The village hall is in the primary school in Breedon-on-the-Hill.

  Things came to a head in 2006 when Leicestershire County Council  changed the locks and told the community association it would have  to get permission to use the hall and increased the charges.

 Last  year, the High Court ruled there was no binding agreement compelling  the council to let the association use the hall free of charge.

 Now an  appeal court judge has ruled that the association has no reasonable  prospect of mounting a successful appeal, so ending the legal fight.

  We have had people in tears, people literally speechless.

 People upset,  and people saying, well, we could never win any way.

 People feel they  are small and they cannot fight for things they think belong to them.

  Other members of the association have told me this final ruling  effectively rips the heart out of the community.

 Evening classes,  drama productions and children's sports clubs no longer go on here  because of what they say are prohibitive charges, and there's  nowhere else in the village for groups to meet.

 Not sub-groups use  the hall.

 Yoga groups, through to WI, football clubs, so there are  groups that pay the cost of using the hall.

 It is not one at a profit  and the costs charged cover the costs of using the hall.

  association has to pay the council an estimated £1 million in costs,  but that's covered by an insurance You'll have last had one ten years  ago, it'll be popping through your letterbox very soon, and it's  compulsory.

 It's the Census, a detailed statistical survey of  Britain's ever-changing population.

 Already, officials are touring  schools and community groups across the East Midlands to explain why  it's so important.

 Our Social Affairs Correspondent, Jeremy Ball,  Some things do not change, there has been a market in Market  Bosworth for centuries.

 Our population is ageing and sifting  and so a sense this is about taking stop.

 A few miles away in Leicester,  they have been huge changes.

 Some expect this to be the first city  where people who are British and White will become an ethnic-  minority.

 I am from the Office of National Statistics.

 Officials are  hosting visiting sessions to explain how this works.

 We are  expecting there to be a large change in the people over 85 years  of age so this event is one example of where a need can be identified  for the statistics.

 I had been to see babies being weighed in because  in five years, the baby will want a place in the school.

 The results  will have an impact on all of our lives because they would decide our  public services and make sure that we get a fair share of a shrinking  cake.

 Jeremy Ball is with us now.

 So what  are we going to be asked? Well, it's a snapshot of what's  happening at midnight on March the 27th this year - who lives where,  how old we are and whether we're working, or carers.

 There are lots  of questions about our race and religion.

 And, most of us get to  choose whether to say we're English, or British.

  And what happens to all this information?  You won't be identified for 100 years.

 But the Census stats get  used by everyone from businesses, trying to sell things.

 To officials  planning everything from hospital beds, to zebra crossings.

 Even  cemetery places.

 That's why it's compulsory.

 And that's why everyone  has to be counted, even the Queen! Crikey, so we are in good company  then! Next the carrot and stick approach  to proper recycling.

 In Leicester you could be fined more than £100  if you leave your wheelie bin out at the wrong time.

  But in Derbyshire, do your bit to recycle rubbish efficiently and you  could win a prize.

 Simon Ward reports.

  You could find almost anything on some roads in Leicester.

 These city  wardens are on a mission to clean up the streets.

 Hello, I'm from  Leicester City Council.

 I would like to talk to you about your pin.

  No fines are being issued today.

 At this stage around 4,000 households  in the Westcotes area of the city are being given advice to take  their wheelie bins away between collection days.

 They are a fire  hazard and they restrict the pavement and caused p -- problems  for elderly people.

 They are in support after the shock of us  knocking at the door.

 People could eventually face £110 fine.

 Some of  them are a real mess, and then they leave the black bags at the side  which they are not meant to do.

 People have been arguing over it  bins.

 There has been one occasion where the police were called out.

  More than a 100 people have already been fined during campaigns in  other parts of Leicester.

 Unfortunately, we have to go for  the carrot and stick method because the carrot has not worked in the  past.

 We are working with everyone where possible to get their bins  off the street, and if that does not work we will find them if they  do not take their been away.

 You could be liable for a fine if  you leave your been out at the wrong time.

 In Derbyshire, they are  taking a different approach to the cycling.

  This couple in Loscoe were presented with £50 in shopping  vouchers today for successfully using the kerbside recycling  service.

 It's part of a six-month campaign across Derbyshire.

 It is  good to be thought about rather than being fined for not recycling.

  They said they would do that.

 different methods from different  authorities, but both have the aim of trying to make people  responsible for their household We are all moving to Derbyshire  now! Time now for the sport, not  recycling news.

 Coming up: The Gavin and Stacy of  football, Robbie Savage on Derby and a great win for the Tigers.

  We're starting with the imposing home record of Nottingham Forest.

  They've not lost in the league since September 2009.

 But they came  mighty close this weekend.

 Mark Labour were in government, petrol  was 106p a litre and Joe was on his way to winning X Factor.

 It seems a  long time since Forest last lost in the league at home, a record the  fans are proud of.

 I think they will go the whole season.

 Nobody  will be tears here.

 This is what keeps the club going, look at the  people.

 It was on a knife-edge on Saturday.

 And for a long time it  seemed this would be the only goal of the game.

 Kanu weaving through  the Forest defence to give Portsmouth a first half lead.

  Forest were far from their best, and it needed a save from Lee Camp  to stop them going 2-0 down before half time.

 In the second half,  Portsmouth packed their defence - Forest through on their substitutes  and one of them, Nathan Tyson, came close.

 With three minutes left  Forest pressed yet again, and this time the ball went in - an own goal,  the Reds relieved rather than celebrating.

 But with the game deep  into injury time that mood changed to euphoria, Marcus Tudgay with the  most unlikely winner.

 That has got to be one of the best feelings I  have had since I joined, probably in my career as well.

 It was a  great game for me to watch, just showed what kind of character the  team has, the discipline.

 I am speechless.

 It did not look like we  were going to get it, we got the equaliser in the end.

 I feel sorry  for them today, but it is a fantastic result for us and keeps  And Forest's two Welsh players are featured on the new series of the  Midlands Football League Show, Late Kick Off tonight.

 Who'd have  thought these two would be playing together at Forest! Chris Gunter  digs out an old photo of him and his boyhood hero Robert Earnshaw.

  was about 20 and I did not he -- it was him until he showed me the  Great stuff.

 Gunts and Earnie on Late Kick Off  tonight.

 And amongst the pundits Robbie Savage.

 Sav's sent us his  thoughts on Derby's 3-0 defeat at Watford from the Late Kick Off  studio.

 It has been a bad 10 days for us.

 Losing out what for the way  we did, as players we should have a long, hard look at ourselves.

  Saturday, we were not good at tackling and as a manager, you can  only do so much.

 Ridiculous goals were given away.

 The training is  magnificent, the manager is great.

 Late Kick Off, just to confirm, on  BBC1 at 11:03pm.

 The rest of the action now,  starting with a debut goal for Leicester's new signing.

 Here's  Feed the Yak and he will score is the song they score about Yakubu, a  proven goalscorer on loan from Everton till the end of the season.

  Leicester fans sang the song and the Yak who cost Everton £11  million didn't disappoint.

 He felt his goal on the hour should have  earned the Foxes all three points, but Ian Hume scored an equaliser on  90 minutes.

 Andy King nearly won it at the death and with all the  chances, Sven Yoran Eriksson was disappointed not to have won it.

  you look at the chances, especially how we played in the second half,  we deserved to win it.

 Paul Ince was happy with Notts County's point  at in form Southampton.

 But he's not happy with a second bid for Ben  Davies from Derby.

 He's again turned down Nigel Clough's bid for  the midfielder.

 Notts are looking to add to their squad in the  transfer window and hold onto their Chesterfield are still riding high  at the top of league two.

 A one- goal win against Stevenage means  they're still five points clear.

 Drew Talbot scoring the only goal  of the game, leaving John Sheridan pleased with the performance  against a physical Stevenage side.

 Lincoln are rooted at the other end  of the table.

 Gavin Macallum's volley game them a promising start  before Andy Sandell equalised.

 Tomorrow, it's the FA Cup for  Leicester and I'll be live at the City of Manchester Stadium.

  Onto rugby and it was a big, big, game for Leicester Tigers on  Saturday night.

 And they're back on track for a quarter final place  after their Heineken Cup win at Scarlets of Wales.

  Tigers had to win or they were out.

 Richard Cockerill says his played  had to front up and they did despite a spirited performance from  Scarlets who led 10-6 at half time.

 After the break Tigers gradually  overpowered the Welshmen with tries from Alesana Tuilangi, Ben Youngs  and Steve Mafi giving Leicester one foot in the Heineken Cup quarter  finals helped by 17 points from the boots of Toby Flood.

 Leicester are  now beginning to turn a corner with their away form, but their last  remaining pool game is at home to the Italian side Benetton Treviso,  while Scarlets have a much more difficult trip to Perpignan.

  Sticking with Rugby because there was a record breaking crowd for  Nottingham.

 They got it for their Cup game with Irish province  Munster.

 It was the biggest home support  they've had for a game at Meadow Lane.

 3,200 were there, with just a  handful from the Irish side Munster.

 It was a tight game, with  Nottingham's David Jackson flying over for the only try of the night.

  But Nottingham couldn't quite nail a victory and went down by 14  points to 15.

 3,200 people, a fantastic.

 What a steep -- what a  stadium and what an atmosphere.

 Their next home game is against  Montrose on Sunday.

 Nottingham speedskater Jack  Whelbourne led the way with a silver and two bronze medals at the  European Championships this weekend.

 That is it from me, I will be in  Manchester tomorrow.

 It seems nothing is free from  change and Leicester Market is no exception.

 Traders have been  selling their wares in the centre of Leicester for more than 700  years.

 But now the city council wants to  send traders back to the classroom to get a formal qualification in  He has got a pineapple on his head! You need a sense of humour to work  on Leicester Market.

 Now the city council thinks traders need  something else.

 A new QCF qualification at Leicester College.

  On the High Street, it is a competitive environment so any age  we can get, we should look at.

 It is a qualification, it is giving of  knowledge -- killing her acknowledgment and not teaching  people.

 But what do traders think of the idea? I have been here for  24 years and have never had any qualifications.

 I have survived.

  is good for new people to come to the market and get a good trade out  of it.

 I am sure they could spend their money on something else that  really needs doing.

 So what's this course all about?  Well, it's the first of its kind in the country.

 It aims to teach  traders how to work as a team, to specialise in skills like  fishmongering, and how to deal with tricky customers.

  I don't think it is necessary.

 Everything is OK as it is.

 The most  important thing is communication with the customers, which they do.

  The qualification, alongside its £600,000 partial redevelopment are  all part of a plan to breathe new life into Leicester market, to  preserve a 700-year-old tradition Great place, Leicester market.

  You get a lot of poetry in markets! The same with weather as well, what  I hope you had a great weekend.

 Over the next two days, I can  promise you will see smiles because the weather will not be too bad.

  This picture is something you will not see a lot of because it should  remain dry-eyed.

 You will have a bit of mist as we enter the  overnight period.

 Why? It is because of this area of high  pressure moving slowly over the Atlantic, trying to come into our  patch.

 It does tomorrow and it stabilises the air over us.

 Some of  you may have seen some rain.

 This is the feature which gave us the  rain earlier, but it has gone now and tonight will be a dry night.

 A  fair amount of cloud around, that it is breaking up as I speak.

  Temperatures will dip to around two degrees.

 Where the clouds break,  you may see some frost appeared.

 Like I said, that means a two  degrees under what we should expect for the time of year.

 But it means  waking up tomorrow morning, there will be a lot of brightness around.

  Dry weather, sunshine, a good day.

 Light winds coming from the north-  west so it may be more chilly than what we saw today.

 Six degrees,  looking out 41 degrees Fahrenheit.

 Wednesday is similar, the best of  the weather is in the West, but it creeps into our patch over the  course of the day.

 Looking at the

 Hello and welcome to the BBC South  Today.

 Postal workers are pointing the finger at management as there  are more frustrations over deliveries.

 I have a message for  the people who work at the Royal Mail, sort this out because it is  unacceptable.

 Also: Rebuilding there life after a stroke - the  couple who say it was a battle to get the after-care they needed.

  Later: A year to the day since the earthquake in Haiti i will be  talking to a volunteer nurse who Royal Mail has told us the severe  weather is to blame for recent problems with deliveries.

 Since we  reported on the story last night, more than 70 people have emailed us  expressing frustration, and anger, with the service.

 And it's not just  customers who are unhappy.

 We've also been contacted by postal  workers with serious criticisms about management.

 To bring us up-  to-date, here's Brennan Nicholls.

 We've had dozens of emails - from  Banbury to Aylesbury and Wantage to Chinnor.

 Almost every single one of  them complaining about the Royal Mail service stretching back over  weeks and months.

 Tony Lake from Subtitles unavailable for 0 minutes  The e-mails we received a praised  the men and women making deliveries but criticised the overall service.

  There may be trouble brewing for Royal Mail.

 Customers are unhappy  and many are making their feelings known.

 A amongst those who  contacted us was this small brewery near Oxford.

 Payments are coming  through late, leading to problems with customers and suppliers.

  lived in Africa for three years and it used to take weeks to receive a  letter.

 This is worse.

 I have a message for the people you work at  Royal Mail witches, sort this out, it is unacceptable.

 We got one e-  mail from a serving postmen who told us how annoyed he is with the  performance of Royal Mail.

 He sought - and I said he saw a  backlog before the snow came and in recent weeks, they have been told  just to take lackeys and parcels out and not betters.

 He works -  might he said there were some days post men and women took out all  posed even though they knew it couldn't all be delivered but Royal  Mail deny this.

 I the future of the Royal Mail was debated today in the  House of Commons where they are considering whether to part  privatise the service.

 Last year in Oxfordshire alone  there were more than 13,000 complaints to the Royal Mail and it  agreed to pay out in over 7000 of those, costing just over £125,000.

  Given recent problems, customers are encouraged to take their  complaints again to Royal Mail.

 are concerned that we are the other  side of Christmas and even given the pledges that Royal Mail have  made about additional staff at this time of year and additional  investment to cope with the snow, still a lot of consumers are  countering -- encountering problems.

 The Royal Mail has spoken to BBC  Oxford of camera.

 It stresses that whilst they experienced the worst  weather on record in December, staff went to heroic efforts to get  the post out.

 It met 92 per cent of its targets.

 Is said it has  apologised and his efforts will be redoubled.

  Keepers up-to-date about how you opposed is going or maybe you are  People who have survived a stroke face a postcode lottery when it  comes to rehabilitation, according to the health care regulator.

  Services in Oxfordshire have been rated above average but more work  is needed in Buckinghamshire and Swindon.

  Karen Owers was paralysed down the right side after suffering a stroke  last March.

 She spent three months at Witney Community Hospital.

  was very frustrating.

 I wasn't getting any follow-up physios so I  couldn't see myself ever getting up the stairs.

 Karen now has a care  support plan Richie -- which she is pleased with.

 Her husband says it  took a long time to get the help they needed.

 I feel quite  disappointed.

 It has taken a lot of effort and struggle on behalf of a  lot of people to get Karen to where she is now.

 Surely you should have  been planned for? Today's report found a patchy picture of services.

  Oxfordshire and Swindon did well in areas such as meeting individuals  needs and reviewing their progress.

 Buckingham just caught low remarks  at all three fell down in providing extra support to help people return  home early from hospital.

 Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire  performed pretty well.

 The speed which people are seen by therapists  was pretty good.

 There is always room for improvement and these  could be pioneer areas in providing the best.

 Resources are still tied.

  Because Kharin is making progress, she has been told she is no longer  eligible for her electric wheelchair.

 But she says if they  take it away, she will be back to square one.

 Motorists have been  caught up in miles of tailbacks on the M40 after a horsebox containing  a gas cyclinder caught fire.

 It happened on the northbound  carriageway between junctions 10 for Brackley and 11 for Banbury.

  The motorway was closed in both directions for several hours.

 The  horses were taken to safety.

 A school in Abingdon has been named  amongst the most improved in the country for GCSE results.

 56% of  pupils at Larkmead achieved A-C grades in English and maths,  compared to 34% three years ago.

 Oxford Academy and the Oxford  School, which has recently become Oxford Spires Adacdemy, are in the  bottom 200 for GCSEs.

 It's a year to the day since Haiti  was struck by an earthquake that killed more than 200,000 people and  left a million homeless.

 The Oxford-based charity Oxfam received  £65 million in donations worldwide to help with the relief effort.

  It's working on a range of long- term projects, that could take  years to complete.

 We are working in camps across  their capital providing clean water, sanitation, toilet, waste disposal  and that sort of thing.

 We are also working to help small businesses to  restart their activities and that will also work towards job creation.

  More on the earthquake in a few minutes.

 Sally will be talking to a  nurse who has just returned.

 An iconic symbol of Victorian  engineering is celebrating its birthday with a makeover.

 British  Waterways plans to repaint the Iron Trunk Aquaduct near Milton Keynes.

  Easier said than done, as Joseph Hall reports.

  If you don't like heights, look away now! Standing over 30 meters  long, and 10 metres high, this aquaduct carries the Grand Union  Canal across the River Great Ouse.

 Magnificent, yes.

 The years, though,  are beginning to take their toll.

 We are celebrating the 200  anniversary of the aqueduct and part of the anniversary as  celebrations is to repaint it.

 We want to do it properly so that chap  is busy collecting paint samples so we can send them away for analysis.

  Designated as a scheduled ancient monument, British waterways are  determined to replicate its original appearance when built in  1811.

 What other challenges of abseiling down a bridge like this?  Mainly the wind.

 It can be quite challenging.

 Is it as dangerous as  it looks? No.

 Despite his bravado, it is dangerous and time-consuming.

  When sent off for analysis, the crumbling samples will be colour  matched and turned into thousands of litres of lovely fresh paint.

  The painting begins in the summer.

 A soldier from Oxford who lost a  leg in Afghanistan is to attempt a world record for trekking to the  world poll -- North Pole.

 Captain

 Thank you very much for those.

 I  Hello and welcome to BBC Oxford news.

 Tonight, grand plans, big  disappointment.

 Why this part of Oxford will not be transformed into  shops and offices.

 Also, the toddler who needs a bone  marrow transplant to save her life, and her parents'' search for a  donor.

 Find out what this sign says unwed  has appeared in a Cotswold town.

 In South Today, why this woman  threatened legal action to ensure she had a gastric bypass.

  Retailers in Oxford say they are disappointed that plans for a city  centre shopping development have been shelved.

 Developers had wanted  to build a £22 million open-air centre in the heart of the city.

  They have now pulled out after failing to agree terms with the  city council.

 With so much competition from modern shopping  centres in nearby towns, where does the decision leave Oxford?  11 new shops, new officers and student accommodation, a sizable  development at the centre of Oxford's commercial harbour.

 But it  is another project to bite the dust.

 From above you can clearly see the  area developers wanted to transform.

 That building used by their council  would have been knocked down, creating a shopping precinct.

 It is  at the heart of the city centre, in the main shopping area, and the  failure of another retail development will come as a big blow  to traders.

 You will see a lot of people walking about but not a  great number carrying shopping bags.

 I think we need to do something,  and the City Council and the county council can help us to develop  Oxford as a more attractive centre for shopping.

 Oxford has plenty of  competition from nearby towns and cities.

 Bicester's Designer outlet  Village was established in 1992, while one in Aylesbury was launched  a year later.

 1997 saw the opening of the Swindon Designer outlet, and  the Oracle in Reading opened its doors in 1999.

 By 2000, Banbury was  able to boast a shopping centre.

 And less than two years ago, one  opened in Witney.

 So how does Oxford compare? The centre is very  boring.

 Is that too strong? I don't think it is as good as it should be.

  It is good enough for clothes shopping but not for everything.

  think we have more than enough.

 It is compact and you can find  everything.

 Oxfordshire city councils as it does want to attract  retailers.

 It is relying on the owners of the Westgate Centre, who  are looking at improving a run-down part of the city.

 In the meantime,  Oxford may have to rely on its historic chance to attract the  crowds.

 A 53-year-old man is being charged  with sexually assaulting a five- year-old girl in Swindon.

 She was  assaulted in the 99 p store on Havelock Street on New year's Eve  after wandering away from her mother.

 Stephen Reynolds from  Lechlade in Gloucestershire is charged with sexual touching and  breaching a sexual offences order.

 300 jobs are to go at Reading  Borough Council.

 There will be 150 redundancies.

 The other posts will  go as people leave and are not replaced.

 There will be cuts in  some services and increased charges for others.

  The parents of a 15 month old girl with leukaemia have been told there  are just weeks to save her life.

 Amber Philpott as an aggressive  form of the cancer and is currently having chemotherapy at the John  Radcliffe Hospital, but doctors say a bone marrow transplant is the  best hope of recovery.

 Her father came into the studio and I asked  how he first knew she was ill.

 October, we put Amber to sleep as  usual on a Thursday evening.

 We heard some banging around in her  cot.

 We now know that she had suffered a stroke at that point.

  And then you went on to discover she had leukaemia? We ended up in  hospital.

 She was poorly.

 They took a blood sample and found that the  root cause of the stroke had been leukaemia.

 So without that, the  leukaemia could have gone without diagnosis for longer? Yes, but not  much longer.

 She was at a dangerously high a white blood cell  count.

 You were told it was not all bad news because it appears  treatable and she seemed to be doing well.

 Absolutely, that was  the news in October.

 We spent a few scary days in intensive care and  after that she started a course of chemotherapy and we saw her get  better in front of our eyes.

 By just before Christmas we had the  fantastic news that she was in remission.

 But then they said it  was really bad news.

 That is right, we saw her deteriorate after a  fantastic Christmas.

 She deteriorated and we took her back  into hospital.

 On New year's Eve we had the news that the leukaemia had  come back at an alarming rate.

 must be so much for you and your  wife to taking.

 You get your head round leukaemia and then you have  to take in the fact that it is a different type of leukaemia.

 How  much can you taking when they tell you that? It is earth-shattering  and the shock is immense.

 You are thrown into a new world and you  have no choice but to learn a new language and learn everything you  possibly can.

 Of course, you want to do it because it is your child  and you will do everything to help.

 So now her best hope is a bone  marrow transplant.

 That is her only hope now.

 Presumably the family  have been tested.

 They tested the family.

 The only likely donor is  going to come from her sister, Daisy, and she only has a 25%  chance of being a donor.

 How old is Daisy? She has just turned four.

  Very young to be having any procedure.

 Absolutely.

 What is  involved in giving bone marrow? is not the scary prospect people  once thought.

 You register with Anthony Nolan, you fill out a  questionnaire, and from that point they send you a Jew then you give a  saliva sample and they can analyse that and find out if you're a good  match.

 -- they send you a tube.

 really hope that you find a donor.

  Fingers crossed it will be Daisy and you will not have to wait any  longer.

 Thank you.

 Thank you.

 Volunteers at Didcot Railway Centre  hoped its future will be secured.

 A new 50-year-lease has been agreed  with Network Rail but it will cost the centre around £150,000.

 An  appeal has been launched to raise the money.

 There are plans to  expand if funding is secured.

 need to develop into a world-class  museum.

 There are a number of new buildings that we need to recreate  on this site to allow us to do that, one being an exhibition all.

 We  need a new visitor entrance.

 international school with pupils  from 40 different countries has been ranked No.

 1 in Oxfordshire  for its sixth-form exam results.

 St Clare's in Oxford is at the top of  the county's league tables for 2010 and ranked 25th out of England's  top 100 schools.

 It specialises in the International Baccalaureate,  the equivalent to A-levels.

 A canoe Club in Oxford has been  praised for the way it teaches children.

 It operates out of the  Riverside Centre near Donnington Bridge, organising lessons for  youngsters up to 19.

 It received a sport England award for the high  quality of its coaching.

 It is not unusual for towns and  cities to put up welcoming signs for visitors, but a town in the  Cotswolds has gone one step further.

 Hello and welcome to Moreton-in-  Marsh, or as the Japanese would say.

.

.

  This town is a hot spot for Japanese people, so popular that  the train station has had a makeover.

 It was my idea because we  had a lot of Japanese tourists coming off the train.

 They would  look around, walk up and down the platform, go out the front of the  station, and then they would make their way into the ticket office  and wait patiently until somebody could be there so they could ask  directions.

 The signs welcome visitors from the forest country  and will come -- and direct them to buses, taxis, hotels and public  toilets.

 There are a lot of visitors.

 The Cotswolds has been  marketed as the heart of England, with adverts and exhibitions in  Japan.

 With Moreton-in-Marsh on a direct line to London, it crops up  in a lot of travel guides.

 About 250 hits on the Japanese website  each day.

 There are an estimated

 Good evening and welcome to the BBC  in the Channel Islands.

 Our top stories tonight: A world champion  as Alison Merrien bowls her weight Tragedy as a dog dies a while under  the care of this Guernsey grinning business.

  Plus Jersey States offers a helping hand for farmers in a tough  Good news first as Guernsey bowler Alison Merrien is a world champion.

  She and her partner have won the mixed pairs at the World Indoor  Bowls Championships.

 She and Simon Skelton took the game to a tie-  break before grabbing a success.

 The moment of victory.

 It was not  just their trophies they lifted high, it was the atmosphere of the  game as well.

 After losing the first set 5-7 to the English  pairing of Jessica Valpied and Greg Harlow, Alison and Simon fought  back to take the second set 8-6, forcing the tie-break which they  It is nice to talk to you after you have won a trophy because I have  spoken to you when you have been runner up in the singles.

 It is  nice to be a bride and not a bridesmaid any more.

 A well  deserved victory for Alison and a victory that seals her bowling  success.

 Animal-lovers in Guernsey are  coming to terms with the news that a dog has died whilst under the  care of a local pet grooming company.

 Just before Christmas a  retriever died in mysterious circumstances files in a 24-7 Dan.

  It is not the first time the company has been involved in a  death.

 Two years ago of the owner was in court after another dog died  in the company's care.

 Playing with one of her best  friends is something Jessica Valpied has always enjoyed doing  and that love of animals led her to set up a pet care business which  she has been running for 10 years.

 But two days before Christmas a  five-year-old golden retriever died was being groomed in one of her  dance.

 The woman that was looking after the dog that Dyke was working  for this company, 24-7 pet care, and she says she cannot understand  what went wrong.

 It was never left unattended.

 He just fell down?  just collapsed.

 I do not exactly know.

 Some people say that you  employ it is crew wear and as owner you should take responsibility.

  What would you say? I understand that and I know where people are  coming from.

 She is employed by the company and she is qualified in her  field.

 It is not like I have sent somebody out who does not know what  they are doing.

 She is City and Guilds qualified, she is on her  last module.

 Why would she not be up for the job? She is more than  capable of grooming.

 How and why the dog died is still unclear.

  Until the vet's post-mortem report is made available.

  Jersey's new energy from waste plant has been burning for the  first time.

 The new incinerator at La Collette is being tested before  it goes fully operational.

 All waste is being stored in his bunker.

  Figures show that the flu outbreak in Guernsey may have passed its  peak.

 Last week 166 people saw their GP with flu-like symptoms,  down from the week before.

 Health and Social Services say around  12,000 of the 17,000 people considered to be at risk have had a  vaccination.

 It is about to undergo its first  change in 400 years.

 The law governing Jersey churches has been  redrafted.

 What are they and how will it impacts the islanders, the  churchgoer and the parishioner? It is often said that laws changed  very slowly in the States of Jersey.

 Today they are taking a crack at a  400 year old law.

 They are changing the Canon law for the Church of  England law.

 What does that mean? Canon law was given to us by King  James in 1623 and it assured Jersey's right to self-government  in matters of the Church in the same way that King John differ  matters a state in 12 of four.

 will it mean for people attending  church? It means Christian doctrine does not change.

 We still believe  in God and the rule of Jesus Christ.

 But it will be 21st century ready  in the way we operate.

 The clergy discipline system is brought up to  Rake -- date and becomes human rights compliant.

 It is fair for  people who might want to make a complaint at it is scrupulously  fair for any clergyman who is complained against.

 400 years is a  long time to wait for a change in the law.

 What are the most  important things to you? The clergy discipline is important because  nobody wants a church system that human rights says is not correct.

  Jersey's traditions and heritage are preserved as being the way to  go, not simply any interference or imposition from England.

 The bishop  said to meet on Sunday that we cannot have the thought that Jersey  would allow England to overrule what it wants to do.

 The parish  system at the heart of the island light is preserved.

 One rector per  parish.

 If they ever have to share her parish, how on earth would they  know which football team to support? The Church wants to be at  the heart of Ireland's live and supports Jersey.

 It is our loyalty  to the Queen and long may that continue.

 The new buzz of Blue  Islands has told the BBC the company is still keen to take over  rival airline Aurigny.

 A deal to buy the Guernsey State and career  fell through last year.

 Rob Vernon says he wants to develop new routes  from the Channel Islands.

 We always believed the acquisition of Aurigny  was a good move.

 The States have decided to keep it in state  ownership and fund it with taxpayer's funding.

 But if the  losses continue, and we suspect they do, we will be willing to look  at the potential acquisition in the future.

 Farming has always been a  core industry in Jersey, but in recent years it has come under  intense pressure at.

 Now plans have been launched by the States to help  get agriculture back on the map.

 For some farmers cultivating crops  is no longer viable.

 Here at Homefields Trevor has decided it is  cheaper to buy food elsewhere.

 are growing less crops and we are  bringing them in from other growers on the island and from the UK and  all over the world.

 We are finding it easier and it is a lot more  economical to buy their end and it is to grow them ourselves.

 Growing  in small areas is not viable.

 It does not pay.

 Now the States wants  to help were farmers stay in the industry.

 They plan to offer more  financial support to farmers, strength and Jersey's links with  Europe and develop an initiative encouraging new business ideas.

  John Hackett has been given around £25,000 worth of funding from the  States in the past.

 It has all been pumped into his local pig farm.

  met a lot of variety of sausages and products from the animals using  local products which we then supply to outlets in Jersey, mainly  restaurants.

 They are able to offer 100% Joseph.

 Without the grant I  could not do it.

 Will the States managed to protect the future of  the countryside and the likelihood of farmers?  Apart from money something else I think we have got some fine  weather to look forward to for the next few days.

 What will be  difficult is predicting how much cloud we will seat.

 It is a dry  story and a little bit chilly as well with a touch of frost here and  there.

 A high pressure moves around for the next few days.

 By lunchtime  tomorrow it will have moved further east.

 It will allow more cloud to  come around its eastern flanks.

 Perhaps as we move towards the end  of the week, there will be more clouds moving in towards the  Channel Islands.

 The next couple of days are the best two days to have  that fine weather.

 Overnight it will be cold and there will be a  risk of frost.

 Tomorrow is a fine day.

 Again we will have some cloud  spoiling the sunshine, but on the whole it is a reasonable day and  temperatures get up to about seven or eight degrees.

 On to the  forecast for the coastal waters.

 The times of high water.

 After some  quite big waves yesterday I think tomorrow and towards the middle of  the week the surf will come down.

 - - calm down.

 There is more cloud  coming in from the East later on.

 Another fine day on Thursday and  generally cloudy on Friday.

 Generally thick cloud turning up by  the time we get to Saturday.

 Ever

 Welcome to South East today.

 I am  Rob Smith.

 Tonight's top stories: He was cleared of killing a Sussex  vicar.

 Tonight, 27-year-old Christopher Hunnisett is arrested  on suspicion of a XL man's murder.

 Killed on a skiing holiday - the  young Gatwick pilot who died in an avalanche in the Alps.

  Despite an investment of millions, Kent's Marlowe Academy is ranked to  the third worst school in the country.

 We are putting things in  place and we have to face up to the fact that we need to do a lot  better, and we are.

 Coming to Gravesham - any book  celebrates the people who came from India to forge a new life here.

  We are going to the World Cup.

 Africa United - but there on that  captured the joy and anguish of a Continent, and was produced in Kent.

  -- of the film at that captured the Good evening.

 A former altar boy  who was cleared of killing and East Sussex vicar has today been  arrested on suspicion of murder.

 Christopher Hunnisett is being  questioned by police after the body of a man was found in Bexhill.

 Our  Home Affairs Correspondent Colin -- Colin Campbell is outside the flat.

  What are police saying about where the investigation is that? They say  this investigation is at an early stage.

 They have only been able to  release limited details so far.

 We understand that Christopher  Hunnisett is being quizzed and interviewed by detectives in  Hastings this evening.

 It is unclear how the victim died, or  whether the murder weapon was used.

 Police are describing this as an  isolated incident and say they are not looking for anybody else.

  A cordoned off murder scene.

 The 57-year-old man's body was  discovered in this Bexhill property.

 I would prefer not to comment.

  here leaving Lewes Crown Court, the BBC understands that Christopher  Hunnisett handed himself into police late last night.

 He has been  arrested on suspicion of murder.

 Last night, at 27-year-old man  presented himself to Hastings police station, where he was  arrested on suspicion of murder.

 My officers attended a property, where  they found the body of a 57-year- old man in the bedroom of the House.

  We have launched a murder investigation.

 All day, forensic  officers have been inside the flat where the body was found.

  Neighbours described to the victim as a respectable, entertaining man.

  He had a great sense of humour.

 Always laughing, he was.

 Very  intelligent.

 Lovely, clean, smart man.

 Always very nice.

 Christopher  Hunnisett was tried for murder eight years ago.

 In 2002, he was  convicted of killing a vicar, but last year that conviction was  quashed by the Court of Appeal and in September, he was cleared after  a retrial.

 In court, it was revealed that Christopher had been  groomed and seriously sexually abused by the vicar.

 Having met  Christopher, I am surprised and shocked at the developments.

 He  came across as very caring and kind, very generous.

 Someone who clearly  was struggling with a difficult background.

 The victim's body has  now been removed from the scene.

 It is hoped a post mortem conducted  this evening will reveal how the 57-year-old man died.

  Colin, you have actually met Christopher Hunnisett and the last  time you spoke to him was just a few weeks ago? Yes, I met up with  Christopher Hunnisett at a coffee shop in Hastings in the hope that  he made do an interview, following his acquittal for the murder of the  vicar.

 Over coffee, he explained to me about his experiences in prison  - how he had undertaken educational courses, how he was looking for  work and living with his parents.

 Sussex Police say they haven't form  to the relatives of the 57-year-old victim.

 He is being named locally  as Peter Bick.

 A post-mortem is under way this evening and that  made reveal how he died.

 A Sussex airline pilot has been  named as one of four people killed when they were buried by a 300 ft  wide avalanche in the French Alps.

 Captain James Whalley, who has  lived in Brighton and Hove, was swept away by tons of ice and snow  in the resort of Val d'Isere.

 The 32-year-old was thrown more than  1,500 ft down the mountain after being led off piste by a specialist  ski instructor.

 Captain James Whalley with his  girlfriend.

 They were about to move in together.

 Instead, she is left  mourning his loss.

 He had been on an extended skiing trip.

 His  friends today described him as an excellent skier, a man who got on  with everyone and who loved the outdoors.

 He was top class.

 He  really was top class.

 He was always on top of things.

 We would talk  about all sorts of things.

 He was top class.

 A pilot with easyJet, he  died with three other skiers in the avalanche yesterday, despite the  appellant -- the efforts of a 50 strong rescue team.

 TRANSLATION:  Given the scale of the avalanche, it was difficult for anyone to  survive.

 We did get one victim had to live, but there was very little  chance of the others surviving.

 weather conditions in Val d'Isere  were good yesterday, but it is thought that heavy rain at high  altitude four days ago could have caused the avalanche.

 He had been  with easyJet for four years and a spokeswoman for the company said  they were shocked and saddened by his death.

  Sarah is live for us tonight in Brighton.

 How dangerous weather  conditions on the mountain yesterday? According to imagine  experts, the risk of an avalanche yesterday was low.

 He was off piste,  but he was a very experienced skier and he did have a specialist  instructor with him.

 They also had all the equipment they needed for  tracking them in case of an avalanche, but there was so much so  involved that it was impossible for the teams to reach them in time.

  One man to next they describe it as an extremely large avalanche.

 --  won that mountain expert.

 Today, his parents are out in France.

 This  morning, I spoke to his girlfriend here in Hove.

 She is, as you would  imagine, extremely upset and being comforted by her family.

  Coming up in a few minutes: All smiles now - that the parents of a  little girl give thanks after she spent five days in intensive care  The latest a secondary education league tables have been published  today and they show that the South East has some of the best and worst  performing schools in the country.

 Let's start with the best.

  Rochester Grammar School in Medway, when 99% of pupils achieve at least  five A-C grades at GCSE.

 If you measure schools on GCSE results  including a language and two science qualifications, then  Dartford Grammar School is ranked second best in the country, with 90  the 7th -- 97% of pupils achieving the Baccalaureate.

 One of the  better comprehensives is Blatchington Mill School in Hove,  with 65% of pupils getting five A-C macro.

 They said their success was  down to sharing staff skills with other schools.

 We have, on average,  across the town, and 9% rise in five A-Cs, including English and  maths, which is the Government's benchmark.

 That compares with a 4.

6  rise in the local authority and a 4.

5 rise across the country.

  the league tables make dismal reading for want Kent school which  has been ranked one of the worst in the country - just 14% of pupils at  the Marlowe Academy in Ramsgate managed to achieve five A-C grades  at GCSE.

 They include English and maths and that includes -- that  compares with a national average of 53%, which means the school is  third from bottom in the national league tables.

  A performance class at a school that is still underperforming,  according to the tables.

 Despite being rebuilt and rebranded as  though the Marlowe Academy.

 We have been slow with English and maths.

  We are putting things in place and we have to face up to the fact that  we need to do a lot better with them, and we are.

 It surely you  have done that already, given the millions ploughed into the school?  This academy was set up to solve the problems in a particular area,  and we are doing that.

 For parents like Donna, whose son goes to this  school, it is worrying.

 It used to be a good school and with all that  money spent on it.

.

.

 I have lived round here 35 years, and half the  kids there are just.

.

.

 I would not want to be a teacher in that school.

  Not at all.

 Our son is doing his GCSEs early.

 He got a deal last  time round, but they said that with his maths he would probably get a C.

  The Marlowe Academy was set up to replace the Ramsgate School, which  got the worst result in the country.

 But one former Ramsgate School  people are now turned teacher at the Marlowe Academy says the bad  days are behind it.

 It was horrible.

 Some staff actually went off sick.

  How different is now? It is wonderful.

 But the school accepts  it needs to place greater emphasis on the core skills.

 People that  struggle more could have one-1 sessions, but they have started  giving that anyway.

 It is not all about league tables at this school.

  Here, I have made friendships with my teachers and it has brought me  along a lot incompetence.

 school has been served with a  notice to improve by Ofsted.

 It says it is confident that this time  next year, it will no longer be languishing near the bottom, but  given the amount of investment here but pressure is on.

  If you want to see how your school has performed, you can go to our  website.

 The mother of a former Kent  schoolboy who died in the 7/7 London bombings has said that her  son's death was highly preventable.

 Anthony Fatayi-Williams, who went  to school in Sevenoaks, was 26 when he died in the bus attack at  Tavistock Square.

 His mother, speaking at the inquest being held  up the bodies in 2005, suggested that the British authorities could  have prevented the attack.

 Rail passengers in Kent were left  stranded for more than three hours this morning after a packed  commuter train breakdown.

 The 7:36am Tunbridge Wells to Cannon  Street came to a halt just outside Hildenborough, causing a major  backlog.

 Southeastern had to divert trains and lay on replacement buses  throughout the morning and into the afternoon.

  The government has announced plans to increase the penalties for bogus  charity collectors after an undercover investigation on this  programme last year found that criminals were operating across  Kent and Sussex, collecting clothing but not passing a penny on  to charity.

 The Ministry of Justice is now likely to increase his  sentencing, as a deterrent to the crime.

  Add in man who died after being crushed to death by the jaws at the  rear of his refuse lorry in Kent has been named as Adeyinka Aderoba.

  Horrified locals watched as the worker became trapped in the  pressure at the street near Sandwich.

 He was employed by the  waste firm SITA.

 I understand that an investigation is under way.

 Do  we know what stage they are at? be authorities are trying to piece  together what happened.

 Residents told me they witness to the whole  event unfold.

 They saw Adeyinka Aderoba at the back of the lorry.

  He was trapped, then crushed by the mechanism inside.

 They said the  emergency services came very quickly, but they could not do  anything to save them.

 The police have said they are satisfied that  no one was involved in this, and that they are not treating this as  suspicious.

 The Health and Safety Executive have also launched an  investigation because this happened in a workplace.

 And have SITA, who  employed Adeyinka Aderoba, had anything to say? They say their  thoughts and condolences go to his family at this difficult time.

 They  say they have also offered counselling to all members of staff  who are based at their Dover depot.

 They say they do not want to talk  about the incident, because it is Maidstone Rugby Club faces a  disciplinary panel tonight after an opposition player was partially  blinded in a match.

 Clarence Harding was playing for Gravesend  against Maidstone, when he was injured last year.

 This evening, a  Rugby Football Union panel will hear an allegation that a serious  and deliberate act of foul play was committed in the match.

  A meerkat which was stolen from a Kent wildlife park has died after  being hit by a car.

 The body of the animal which went missing two weeks  ago, was found in Sandwich.

 Staff feared it had been taken because of  a surge in popularity of meerkats, following a TV advertising campaign.

  The parents of a 14-month-old baby girl who spent five days in  hospital battling swine flu say they feel incredibly lucky and  blessed that she survived, after it was revealed that a three-year-old  child has died from the illness.

 Nichola and Gordon Hill took their  daughter Elspeth to Eastbourne District General after she had  suffered fits and began to lose consciousness.

  Back to her usual feisty self.

 Elspeth Hill is once again a happy  and healthy toddler.

 But just under two weeks ago, she was rushed to  hospital, and appeared to be dying in her father's arms.

 A were never  forget the face in his arms.

 She did not look like our daughter.

 I  have never sin that face before.

 My husband said it was a dying face.

  Any longer and she did not have made it.

 Nichola posted internet  updates about Elspeth's condition, asking family and friends to pray  for the daughter she thought she had lost.

 That the same depth of  despair is the way I can describe it.

 It was like a very dark,  horrible place.

 I never want to go back there.

 It was terrifying.

  In a statement, the strategic health authority said that most  people can treat flu symptoms at home with over the counter medicine,  rest and fluids.

 A small proportion of people with flu will develop  severe disease needing hospital treatment.

 Anyone with flu  concerned about becoming increasingly unwell should seek  medical advice.

 Doctors say that the deaths of.

.

.

 Lana Ameen, a  healthy three-year-old girl in Birmingham after contracting swine  flu does not mean all children should be vaccinated against the  infection.

 The most effective way to deal with swine flu in young  children is to concentrate on that the risk factors and not the  healthy children.

 Elspeth's parents have praised and  thanked hospital staff at the Eastbourne district general for  saving her life, aware her illness could have had grave consequences.

  The top story tonight: Christopher Hunnisett, a former  alter boy, who was cleared of killing a Sussex vicar has been  arrested on suspicion of murder.

 The 27-year-old from Hastings is  being questioned by police after the discovery of a man's body at a  property in Bexhill.

 Also in tonight's programme: we are  going to the World Cup.

 Celebrating Africa United - the  heartwarming movie that was produced in Kent.

 It feels like  October.

 It has been a very mild but the brain and the wind is back.

  All the details later.

 For decades, a vast shingle bank at  Seaford in Sussex has helped to protect homes and businesses from  stormy seas.

 But now questions are being asked as to whether it is the  only option.

 Residents are petitioning the Environment Agency  to come up with alternatives that would protect them, but also give  them a beach to be proud of.

 Robin Gibson has tonight's special report.

  It is a military convoy, playing King Canute.

 They are trying to  force the waves back.

 A wall of shingle keeps the stormy seas from  flooding 1,500 homes and businesses.

 Is it the only option? It is a  fantastic local seaside town, loved by everybody.

 But the Environment  Agency are letting us down.

 All they say to us is we cannot have  anything other than this approach because there is no money to do  anything else.

 I do not accept that.

 You can see what this really is.

 It  is an artificial beach because the shingle was shipped in the in the  1980s.

 As a massive defensive barrier at the time.

 It could all  turn to us be found? To come by in defence with making the beach more  accessible.

 We have to look for a significant local contribution to  make real improvements here.

 It would cost tens of millions.

 That  would not come up from the flood defence grant.

 That is to protect  people from flooding.

 This operation will continue.

 We have  money already in the budget for the next few years.

 Once the strategy  is approved, we will get funding for years after bad.

 Ideas like  artificial offshore groynes have been suggested.

 The beach in the  town it is viewed as an old friend.

 At the top, it looks really nice.

  We are quite happy with it.

 We love it.

 It is lovely.

 There are loads  of children in Seaford.

 I appreciated.

 The plans are up for  for more consultation, a dilemma King Canute might have found  difficult.

 How to hold back the sea and enjoy it at the same time.

  During the 1940s and 1950s the face of Britain was to change forever as  a wave of migrants arrived all looking for a better life.

 Now the  personal accounts of those who descended on Gravesham from the  Indian sub-continent has been turned into a book.

  Coming To Gravesham looks at the personal stories behind the  struggles and sacrifices and how over the years they have helped  build the community we know today.

 Chrissie Reidy went to meet some of  those who chose Gravesham as their new home.

 Before we came here, a  few months before that, Meyer and - - myself and my wife.

.

.

 They were  just very young when they came to England looking for work.

 He was  part of the first wave of migrants in the south-east.

 I lived in a  small terrace house.

 There was no heating.

 We did all sorts of work  in Gravesend.

 We tried to improve it.

 And some people say there is  nothing here.

 There is everything here, I am happy.

 During the 1940s  and 1950s, the face of Gravesham was to change dramatically.

 Judd it  was the first Muslim to settle in that 1961 in Gravesend.

 I believe  that immigrants have played a major part in the good of the community.

  And also in that the UK as well.

 While some migrants builds a good  business, it also a chance the struggles.

 It is important for  people of my generation and my children's generation to understand  what the sacrifice his work to make life easier for us today.

 There are  a lot of stories that people are unaware of.

 It is going to put into  focus at what the committee has done for Gravesham in the last 50  years.

 By exploring these journeys, hopefully future generations will  acknowledge what these people did to help shape the community.

  Cricket and England have narrowly beaten Australia in the first  Twenty20 international.

 Sussex captain Michael Yardy took two  wickets as Australia scored 157 runs.

 England then scraped the win  by just one run although Yardy and his county team mate Luke Wright  were both out for ducks.

 Meanwhile, Kent's Lydia Greenway  hit an unbeaten 39 off 27 balls to steer England's women to a four-  wicket win over Australia, in the first of their five Twenty20  internationals.

 The 25-year-old left-hander helped the tourists to  victory at the Adelaide Oval with ten balls to spare.

  It is the heartwarming tale of a group of children making a 3,000  mile journey across Africa, to get to the World Cup.

 The film Africa  United, premiered last year to worldwide critical acclaim, with  comparisons to Slumdog Millionaire.

 Ahead of a special showing of the  movie in Tunbridge Wells tonight, one of its producers, who is from  Kent, has revealed how she turned a passion for film-making into  international success.

 It is not about you, or me, it is about the  team.

 It is a film about three children  with a dream but behind it - one woman with grit and determination.

  Despite Tinseltown having battered down Jackie Sheppard's door already,  showing off her success at home is something just as special.

 It feels  quite strange in some ways being here.

 Showing a film I produced.

  You would never know that I went to the grammar school here.

 They think  it must be a glamourous life being a film producer.

 A There are some  moments.

 The red carpet in Leicester Square is lovely but you  have to set aside that and the long hours in Waterloo's.

  Jackie had an 11-year stint out of the business organising  international events for the Baptist church, a step which  actually helped her to success.

 I tried to do what I do now when I  was 22, I would have been dreadful.

 I was very shy.

 As a producer, you  need a knowledge of film and some nous and a computer and a telephone  and the ability to talk to people.

 She has helped launch the careers  of its young stars plucked from obscurity in Rwanda.

 It has  transformed a lot.

 I am very busy.

 I have never had to juggle so much  before.

 Off the back of Africa United,  there are even bigger projects in the pipeline but for now she is  bringing Africa home.

 We could be film producers as well! It was  lovely and sunny in Africa as well.

 lovely and sunny in Africa as well.

  Have we got a lovely sunshine? No, we have not.

 It has been  miserable and soggy.

 Not much winter sunshine but we had loads of  it on Sunday.

 This was the picture at Leeds Castle on Sunday.

 Not much  sign of that over the next few days.

 It is going to stay wet and windy  for the rest of the week.

 But it stays mild.

 Temperatures will not  go much lower than 10.

 We have not sin that for quite some time.

 It is  not going to rain all the time.

 We had a dry spell up earlier this  afternoon but the rain is back now.

 Some heavy burst.

 It is going to be  heavy across the North coast of Kent.

 It is going to East in the  latter half of the night.

 But the wind stays gusty.

 The south coast  is going to get a battering.

 45 miles an hour.

 Temperatures not  falling out of double figures from many of us but it is not an  inspiring start to Thursday.

 A soggy start.

 The rain on and off  Trinidade.

 Some dry spells in the middle of the day but the rain is  backed by the evening.

 Some bursts later on.

 Against the south-  westerly wind keeping the temperatures mild.

 We are going to  see a spell of wet and windy weather for Thursday night and  Friday.

 We could see two inches of rain on Friday.

 It will start to  clear later in the day on Friday so we could see a dry start to the  weekend but you can see the outlook.

 More rain.

 Thank you.

 We would like  to know what do you think of programmes on the BBC.

 We are  looking for new members to join

 Good evening and welcome to BBC  Look North.

 The headlines tonight.

 Prisoners who break the law  shouldn't make the law! MP David Davis calls on the government to  block controversial EU plans to give inmates the vote.

  The personal details of over 1,000 patients are lost by a junior  doctor.

 NHS managers say sorry.

 could have major ramifications.

  A series of arson attacks cause tens of thousands of pounds of  damage in Lincolnshire.

 And raring to go.

 The cast of the  BBC Radio Humberside panto prepare for their opening night.

  All latest details later in the programme on the weather.

  Controversial proposals to allow convicted prisoners to vote in jail  could be blocked by parliament.

 It follows pressure from the Tory MP  for Haltemprice and Howden, David Davis.

 He has teamed up with the  former Labour Home Secretary Jack Straw to try to stop the move.

  However, a former prisoner from Hull who won a landmark legal  ruling in the European Court says the Government should stand by the  verdict which paved the way for inmates getting the vote.

 More from  Tim Iredale.

 The man on the left is a former  prisoner from Hull who believes that inmates should have the right  to vote.

 The man on the right is a former Shadow Home Secretary who  strongly disagrees.

 Today, David Davis teamed up with his one time  opponent Jack Straw to argue that parliament should have a say in  such a controversial issue and many of his constituents seem to agree.

  I totally agree with him.

 There should not have the vote.

 They are  doing their time.

 They should pay the price, I say.

 Many MPs are  outraged at the prospect of prisoners serving sentences of less  than four years getting the vote.

 The former prisoner from Hull who  were originally fought the case in the European Court of Human Rights  believes MPs have got it wrong.

 What is your message to David Davis  and Jack Straw? Bring It On.

 are up for a fight? Yes, I am.

  These people should not be hiding behind public opinion.

 The public  should be on our side.

 They should point the finger at them and say,  why have you broken the law with this? Why haven't you done  something about it? With parliament due to debate the roads for  prisoners in the coming weeks, the prospect of ballot boxes behind  bars may not be a done deal.

 I asked Mr Davis if his attempt to  block the move would work.

 I think so.

 We are proposing to emotion  Parliament, so well I have a duty to curb government, they have  neither a duty not right to overrule Parliament in what is a  decision for hours on a democratic basis.

 The European of Human Rights  has made this judgment several years ago.

 It stands, doesn't it?  if you knock in the minority report, a lot of judges say, we are not  legislators.

 We should not be overruling the main legislative  body of the United Kingdom.

 A lot of bodies have similar arrangements  to our cells.

 There is no consensus in Europe about how to deal with  this.

 It is a decision for us, not for them.

 What will happen is, I  think the government will stand aside and allow the House of  Commons to make a decision.

 When it does so, I think we will win, and I  think that will allow the government to go back to the court  and say, without Parliament, we cannot deliver on what you ask for.

  It put you on a collision course with Ken Clarke, doesn't it? I do  not think so.

 I do not think he wants to give rapists the vote any  more than you or I do.

 He was given legal advice from Whitehall saying,  please do not antagonise the court.

 If we give him a weapon to agree  with, I think he would be a good man to achieve.

 What about those  people who say it prisoners do have rights? This is their human right.

  Yes, they have right, but not that right.

 People who break the law  should not make the law.

 When you commit crimes, you kill people,  rate people, rob people, that means when you are convicted, you give up  certain right.

 A right of liberty and the right to say who  represented.

 That is what it should be for as long as you are a  prisoner.

 I think that is what 80 % or more of the British public think.

  Thank you very much indeed.

 I would like to know what to think about  this.

 Do you agree with David Davis, or should prisoners be able to  vote? Maybe there should be In a moment:  Plans are unveiled to create one of the country's first self managed  "American-style" secondary schools A hospital has said sorry to more  than 1,000 patients, after a laptop containing their personal  information was stolen from a doctor's home.

 The medic is now  awaiting disciplinary action from the Hull and East Yorkshire NHS  Hospitals Trust.

 It says the junior doctor broke its rules by taking  unencrypted medical records off site.

 Anne-Marie Tasker has the  story.

 12-year-old Mary is among more than  1,100 patients whose records have been stolen.

 The schoolgirl from  Beverley, and her mum Cathie, were shocked to find out her information  had been put on a doctor's personal laptop.

 It included her full name,  which she doesn't even want us to use, her date of birth and her  hospital treatment.

 I was confused, because I did not know what it  meant.

 I was scared, and I did not know if anything was going to  happen to me.

 Thing she would not tell anyone else, you tell a doctor.

  You know they cannot, or not supposed to, show that information  elsewhere.

 That bloke -- some bloke at the end of the road could have  those details now.

 Mary was sent this letter from Hull  & East Yorkshire Hospitals NHS Trust.

 It says it apologises  unreservedly for the loss of confidential data, which was taken  off-site to complete an audit.

 In the letter, the Trust says a  laptop containing the information was stolen from the home of a  junior doctor in November.

 It adds the doctor acted outside Trust and  NHS regulations, and is now awaiting disciplinary action.

 But  the Trust's medical director says its security is already as tight as  it could be.

 We have put in place hardware and software solutions to  prevent people putting USB sticks into computers and down -- and  downloading information.

 The area we have not managed to control his  controlling e-mail.

 This employee used e-mail to send information to  himself and storied on a non- encrypted laptop.

  But Cathie and her daughter say despite the Trust's apology,  they're still angry.

 They want changes to be made to ensure other  patients won't have their privacy violated like they have.

  Dr Mike Smith is from the Patients' Association.

 I asked him whether it  was right that a junior doctor was taking confidential information out  of the hospital.

 If he took it home anonymously and was talking about  clinical details, I cannot see how anyone can object to that, because  these conditions are widespread and therefore, if that was what he or  she needed to work on, that is one thing.

 But when you have name, age  and perhaps address, telephone number, sex, all sorts of personal  data, I cannot believe there is not an act of parliament that puts is  beyond the pale.

 Does it surprise you that this information was not  encrypted? It certainly does.

 I do not think it is a wise thing to  take this sort of data out of the hospital precincts, where it is  hopefully properly looked after by the security services.

 What could  be your advice to anyone concerned about their personal details being  lost? It is difficult to say.

 When they gave us personal details, they  expect us to be taking responsibility.

 I think what they  could be saying they should be more open, hospital should be more open  about how it is that they protect that data.

 Perhaps they should have  a line when patients fill in details, saying the information is  protected.

 Doctors should know not to take information might this home.

  I should think so.

 Some do say -- a sum to work under pressure, and  perhaps that was the root cause of it, but it should not happen, even  so.

 Thank you very much.

 Another one you might want to comment on.

  Some more store was now in brief.

 An East Midlands MEP has refused to  apologise for controversial comments he posted on Twitter about  gay people.

 The Conservative Roger Helmer compared sex change  operations to therapies that try to "turn" gay people straight.

 Gay  rights campaigners have condemned Mr Helmer's remarks.

 All I am doing  is saying homosexuals have a right, if they want to do so, to seek  professional counselling and advice.

 I believe there should be allowed  to do that, and I believe professional psychiatrist and  psychotherapist should be allowed to offer such advice if they think  it is beneficial.

 I know many gay and lesbian people are furious with  this believe that they somehow should go and change themselves.

  This is what he seems to be promoting.

  The Environment Agency has lodged a formal objection against plans for  a super dairy in Lincolnshire.

 The proposed site, close to the village  of Nocton, would house almost 4,000 cows.

 If it gets the go ahead,  it'll become the biggest farm of its kind in the UK.

 North Kesteven  District Council has confirmed it's received the Agency's "objection in  principle.

" Last week, a petition was handed in with tens of  thousands of signatures against the plans.

  Plans to build a waste incinerator at Saltend near Hull have been  scrapped.

 A campaign group have been arguing against the proposals  for more than five years.

 Hull and East Riding Councils have agreed to  end their contract with WRG, the company behind the plans.

  An investigation is under way into a fire at a pub in Cleethorpes.

 The  high street was closed for two and a half hours this morning while 25  firefighters tackled flames at the Bootlegger pub.

 The nature of the  building is making it difficult for us.

 A pram concern is that people  were out of the building and the adjacent buildings -- our prime  concern was that people were out of the buildings.

  Police are investigating links between fires that have caused  thousands of pounds of damage in a small area of Lincolnshire.

  Unoccupied homes, vehicles and a village's sports pavilion have been  destroyed in attacks which police believe may be the work of a serial  arsonist.

 Phillip Norton reports.

 Assessing the arson damage which  has deprived a Lincolnshire village of a vital sports facility.

  watched it burn to the ground.

 Heartbreaking.

 All like everybody  has put into this, somebody comes and destroys it.

  It's left the villagers of Fulstow heartbroken.

 They'd raised  thousands of pounds to fund this facility.

 The sports teams even  helped to build and decorate it.

 would like the people who did it to  stand in front of me and tell me why they did it.

 I cannot fathom  any reason why they would do it.

 Emergency services said arson  attacks are extremely rare, especially in this part of  Lincolnshire.

 The attack here has caused tens of thousands of pounds  of damage.

 It was just one of three attacks within a 24 hour period.

  Just a few miles up the road in North Thoresby, two ice cream vans  were burnt out on the same night.

 It cost the company £20,000.

 The  following day, on Thursday, the former post office in Saltfleetby  St Peter was also set alight.

 And on Sunday, an unoccupied bungalow  was torched, causing substantial damage.

 At this time, we have no  common denominators to say whether it was the same individual that has  done it.

 It would be naive not to look at them as a whole and see if  there are linked.

 Back in Fulstow, villagers say the  arsonists won't beat them and are planning to rebuild, but it will be  some time before footballers on these pitches will have somewhere  Still ahead tonight: They shall go to the ball! BBC staff prepare for  the opening night of this year's panto.

 Find out why this Hull pub  is taking an official look back at Tonight picture is of fishing at in  Len says if poll was to stand at two paces to his right, we would  have a better view of the motorway and poll might end up in the  They headline for the next 24 hours is a quiet one.

 This quiet, settled  spell of weather will last as some time.

 The high pressure in charge,  there will be problems at a time with cloud coming right over the  top of that area of high pressure.

 This high pressure could spoil  things for some of you, especially towards the coast.

 Right now, skies  are fairly clear and temperatures are dropping away quite smartly.

 It  should be fine with it clear spells.

 There will be patchy cloud at times,  but it should stay relatively clear.

 Watch out for ice, it could be  frosty because it is slippy in places.

 32 degrees near Scunthorpe.

  The sun will rise in the morning at a right 8:05am.

 We should get off  to a bright start, with some sunshine in the morning.

 Watch out  for that cloud slipping from the north.

 It will turn cloudy at times.

  Their emphasis is on a good deal of dry weather.

 The best of any  sunshine tomorrow afternoon will be across more Western areas.

 A light  or moderate North and West wind.

 Temperatures at around six Celsius,  about one degree down on them made January average.

 There will be a  light to moderate north-west wind.

 Thursday, Friday and the weekend  will be similar.

 Die, Variable cloud by day with Frost at night  I thought that was a vast improvement! See you tomorrow.

  Teaching Unions have accused one of the Hull's most successful schools  of trying to introduce a two tier system of education.

 St Mary's  College wants to build a new so called free school next to its own  site.

 It would have its own staff and curriculum and would operate  outside of council control.

 It could open later this year, as our  correspondent reports.

 These pupils are in the privileged  position of attending the only school in Hull rated as outstanding  by government inspectors.

 St Mary's College has expectations of its  students and they seem to respond well.

 They are always encourage you  to do your best.

 We have to conduct ourselves in a certain manner, it  helps people to get on with each other.

 If you get good grades in  your exams you will get a better life and have a better job.

 And it  is these aspirational attitudes which will be promoted at the new  free school, to be developed alongside existing St Mary's.

  will be demanding for youngsters and their families.

 We will expect  them to connect to being successful.

 There will be an no excuses policy.

  Free schools are all part of David Cameron's big society, letting the  community take control.

 So what is a free school? The Government  describes them as all ability, state-funded schools which will be  free from local authority control.

 Like Academies they will be able to  set their own curriculum, but they will still have to be accountable  via inspections and tests.

 Where Academies tend to evolve from  existing schools, free schools will be new and could in theory be set  up by anyone.

 Some teaching unions believe free schools could do more  harm than good.

 I think it opens the door for a two-tier system of  education.

 I think the proposal is to set up a grammar school by  default.

 Their impact that that will have on the remaining schools  in Hull could be devastating.

 proposed McCauley College is now  one of just 35 free schools nationally to have received initial  government approval.

 If it succeeds in getting the relevant funding it  could open in temporary accommodation on the St Mary's site  in September.

 Thank you for your response is to  last night's story about how an EU ban on Icelandic trawlers landing  mackerel could be disastrous for fish processors in Grimsby and Hull.

  The EU stopped Iceland from landing the fish on conservation grounds  after it ignored quarters.

 The country is the main fish importer  into the Humber and there are concerns about the damage the ban  could cause to this valuable trading link.

  Well, there was a big response to Subtitles unavailable for 0 minutes  Thank you for all the responses.

 We  read and listen to all of them.

 Last week we told you about a  lottery grant of £50,000 to find out what makes Hull, Hull.

 Well,  today it has been announced that the City is getting another £40,000  to uncover the history of four of the city's pubs.

 Crispin Rolf is at  one historical drinking den, the St John's pub.

 Crispin, this is a lot  of money, what is the reaction of drinkers there to this project?  I am honest, a few of them did raise an eyebrow.

 £40,000, it is  what the Heritage Lottery Fund was invented for.

 It was put together  in 1994 and has spent £6 billion on funding projects like this to find  out about great pubs and great establishments that have such a  community history.

 This project is looking at four pubs, this one has  been around since 1865.

 You can imagine that is quite a few pints,  quite a few darts, and an awful lot of tall stories.

 One man who will  tell me some of these is the landlord of 18 years.

 Frank, how  important you think this is? It is very important.

 It means pubs can  come to the forefront.

 It will hopefully mean bringing more people  in.

 How difficult has betrayed got up in 18 years you can remember  being in charge? The last 10 years it has got worse.

 The last five  years are even worse than that.

 I hope it picks up.

 Maybe this will  give it a bit of a push.

 I am going to run round to the lounge.

 It is a  little bit quieter.

 I have forgotten my microphone.

 Hang on!  The best logistics in life never work, do they? Norman, you're the  project co-ordinator.

 Tell me what you are hoping to achieve.

 We're  making in DVD and there will be an exhibition about the history.

 We  just want to record people's memories and recollections about  the pub.

 It is about how things have changed.

 How can people get  involved? What is the website.

 Cascade .

co.

uk.

 It is a year on the  spot, asking you about the pubs.

 Just to tell you, Philip Larkin  used to come here.

 You will hear more about hem on the social  history when this is put together.

 The pressure is growing for Grimsby  Town manager Neil Woods as his side take on Kettering tonight.

 The club  chairman, John Fenty, has demanded an improvement in the next two  games after Saturday's defeat in the Cup, starting with tonight's  tie at Blundell Park.

 The Mariners currently lie in ninth place in the  table.

 Everybody wants to jump on the bandwagon when things do not go  well.

 When you put to good results in, you get plaudits.

 Things are  always a bigger issue when you lose.

 And BBC Radio Humberside will have  the match commentary of Grimsby against Kettering.

 Kick-off is at  7:45pm.

 Staff from BBC Look North and BBC  Radio Humberside are getting ready to stage their pantomime version of  Cinderella.

 Later this week, reporters and presenters are  swapping their microphones for glass slippers in aid of the BBC's  Candle Appeal for St Andrew's This is the 10th year of doing it.

  I should be getting the message by now.

 However, even though it is 10  years since we started, I still do not know the lines.

 This is the  second part I have played Prince charming.

 There is one Partita  perfect, that is the old advice lap.

 -- by a slab of.

 White fluffy  towels, water at room temperatures and a ball of marshmallows.

  eligible, you mean? Rich.

 I do not know if I have been pigeon-holed.

  People might think I get a bit of grief around office.

 You are far  too ugly! Their heels, the dress, trying to find addresses in my size  is stop we do not have a lot of time between scenes to change.

  not know how to get into dresses.

 And good luck to them all.

  And there are still some tickets available.

 The performances that  the Parkway cinema in Cleethorpes on Thursday.

 There is also a few  places remaining for Middleton Hall Let us get a recap of the national  and regional headlines: There are warnings that rising food and fuel  prices will put increasing pressure on hard hit families and may force  the Bank of England to raise interest rates.

  MP David Davis demands the Government fights EU plans to give  prisoners the right to vote so the rule of law is upheld.

  The weather forecast for tomorrow: largely dry and cloudy.

  The response coming on about prisoners and voting.

 Some think  prisoners should be allowed to vote to because it goes against the  human rights, even if they have broken them themselves.

 Others  think everyone -- every prisoner should lose their human rights.

 The  only people who should lose their

 Leader Ed Miliband, for now, thanks  The Arizona shootings- were two men involved?  Gabrielle Giffords remains in a critical condition after being shot  in the head.

 This is the man police have in custody.

 They're now  looking for a possible accomplice.

 Questions are being asked as to  what prompted the mass shooting that left six people dead and many  injured.

 People were pretty crammed in there, in terms of no place to  go, and he was very easily able to shoot people at point blank range.

  Don't award yourself inflated bonuses - the Prime Minister's  warning to Britain's banks.

 And was King Kenny's first  appearance as Liverpool boss enough to lift his team out of the  Good evening.

 The American Congresswoman shot in the head by a  gunman who killed six people remains in a critical condition.

  Incredibly, though, Gabrielle Giffords is said by hospital  doctors to be able to respond to some commands.

 Today, the Director  of the FBI flew to Arizona to help co-ordinate the investigation.

 The  gunman is in custody but the hunt is now on for a possible accomplice.

  From Tucson, Rajesh Mirchandani reports.

  A vigil held for the victims in Tucson is not just a show of  support, it is also an expression of the shock that people here feel  after violence involved a peaceful political gathering.

 Congresswoman  Gabrielle Giffords was meeting voters when she was shot through  the head.

 The gunman then fired into the crowd with a semi-  automatic pistol.

 The rampage only ended when two people wrestled the  gunmen to the ground.

 He must have shot 15 or 20 rounds, and very  rapidly.

 I think he had no care about who were shooting at all.

 --  cook he was shooting.

 He shot Gabrielle Giffords once and then  began shooting everybody.

 Police will not confirm this is the man  they are holding, but he has been identified as 22-year-old Jared  Laughner.

 They have also released this security camera image of a  second man they want to find.

 They believe he may have driven the  gunmen to the scene.

 Several of the wounded were airlifted to hospital  and remain in critical condition, including congresswoman Giffords,  although officials are cautiously optimistic she will survive.

 It is  a shock to this community.

 We are very hopeful that she does survive.

  And that the other people that are fighting for their lives, also,  because they are number of people who are victims of this great  tragedy.

 Pictures of three of the dead were released, including the  Net -- the youngest, 9-year-old Christina Green.

 An Arizona federal  judge, John Roll, also died, along with Gabe Zimmerman, a Bob Mueller  to the congresswoman.

 We are finding out -- a aide to the  congresswoman.

 We are finding out more about the gunmen.

 He was often  to himself, more of an outcast.

 lonely kid.

 All to himself.

 As I  knew him after Heysel, he got a bit more odd.

 What happened and why --  after high school.

 What happened and why is being investigated.

 They  are seeking an investigation for multiple murder and the attempted  assassination of an elected politician.

  The sheriff in the county where the shootings took place has said an  all-consuming atmosphere of political vitriol centred on  Arizona may have been a factor.

 Others suggest the poisonous  political atmosphere between Left and Right in America has created a  climate of hatred, allowing such attacks.

 Paul Adams reports from  Washington.

 Numbingly familiar scenes from the  streets of America, but not for more than 30 years as a senior  member of Congress been gunned down.

 The nation is appalled and everyone  wants to know why he did it.

 It has been just days since Gabrielle  Giffords was sworn in for her third term.

 The man administering the  oath, now among those condemning the shooting.

 An attack on one who  says is an attack on all who serve.

 Such acts of violence have no place  it in our society -- attack on one As the police and media corps over  some of the alleged gunman's internet postings, some are  wondering, was this more than the actions of a disturbed loner.

  you look at unbalanced people, how they respond to the victory will  that comes out of certain mouths about tearing down the government,  -- the vitriol that comes out of people's mouths, the anger, the  bigotry in this country is getting to be outrageous.

 Some people are  pointing at the right, at this web page from Sarah Palin, targeting  Gabrielle Giffords over the support for the President's health care  reform bill.

 A page which worried the congresswoman.

 It has the cross  hairs of a gun sight of are district.

 You have to realise there  are consequences to this action.

 Sarah Palin's supporters reject the  implications, but it is part of a wider theme already been debated.

  don't think she could ever have meant the direct connection, but  don't we have an obligation, those of us in public life, to say this  is beyond the bounds.

 It may be permissible but it should not be  acceptable rhetoric.

 Throughout Washington, mark of respect for the  victims.

 This already feels like more than just the latest in the  long line of tragedies.

 A shooting 2000 miles away, reverberating  across the nation's capital.

 Rajesh Mirchandani is live in  Tucson for us now.

 What is the latest on Gabrielle Giffords'  condition and the police investigation? A press conference  is going on at the moment.

 Congresswoman Giffords' condition,  doctors remain cautiously optimistic.

 They say the bullets  did not pass from one hemisphere of the brain to another, which I am  told is a good sign.

 They say she is out of the coma they induced.

  She is able to communicate through simple commands, but she is not  speaking it.

 She is the only patient still in a critical  condition at here at the hospital.

 Three others are in serious  condition, the rest are fair or good.

 One patient was discharged.

  In terms of the police investigation, we are expecting a  press conference by the local sheriff.

 They haven't said very  much about the man they have in custody.

 But they have.

.

.

 The  investigation has moved up by the release of this picture, of a  second man they want to trace in connection with the attack.

 They  believe he may have even driven the gunmen to the scene of the attack.

  It begs the question, was this the act of a lone gunman or could there  have been a conspiracy? We will leave it there, thank you.

  David Cameron says banks must pay smaller bonuses to their staff this  year.

 He told the BBC they needed to be, in his words, "more socially  responsible".

 The Prime Minister indicated that the Government would  block bonuses it deemed unacceptable at banks that have  been bailed out by the taxpayer.

 Our deputy political editor, James  Landale, reports.

 How much should the banks pay their  staff in bonuses? It is an old question but one that the City of  London and politicians in Westminster have yet to agree an  answer.

 The Prime Minister said the government didn't want to Mandelson  the banks that had been bailed out by the taxpayer.

 He wanted them to  be successful, so they could be sold off for a profit.

 But  unacceptable bonuses would be stopped.

 I want to see socially  responsible banks, behaving responsibly.

 Lower bonus pools than  last year, responsible levels of remuneration, proper agreements on  lending to businesses, large and small.

 Being good citizens in the  community.

 Is this man being a good citizen? The Royal Bank of Scotland  said no decision had been made about the bonus of their chief  executive, Stephen Hester, amid reports it could amount to more  than £2 million.

 David Cameron said RBS shouldn't be leading the way on  bonuses.

 Labour said the government wasn't doing enough.

 This  government came into power with the first paragraph of the coalition  agreement, saying that we will introduce detailed plans to tackle  this issue of bankers bonuses.

 We are going to get nothing.

 The Prime  Minister warned of tough and difficult times in the year ahead.

  He said the rising inflation figures work concerning.

 He made  clear that the extra VAT that we are all now playing in the shops is  here to stay.

 We are dealing with a structural budget deficit.

 That  means that even when the economy grows, this deficit, this pile of  debt, isn't dealt with.

 So that is structural, it will not go away  because of the growth.

 The changes we are making have to be permanent  as well.

 One change may not be permanent.

 He said the Treasury was  already looking at whether the 50p top rate of tax was raising enough  money to help pay off the deficit.

 Ultimately, it is a growing economy.

  Not just higher taxes that David Cameron needs to cut the deficit.

  Tomorrow, he will meet business leaders to discuss just that.

  A senior Chinese Vice Premier has arrived in Edinburgh this morning  at the start of a four-day visit to the UK.

 Li Keqiang will meet David  Cameron and Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond as part of the tour,  designed to strengthen economic and business ties.

  Officials in Australia have warned that rain storms during the next 24  hours could result in more flash floods in parts of Queensland.

  Weeks of heavy rain have already caused extensive flooding in the  north eastern state, affecting an area the size of Germany and France  combined.

 Thousands of people in Sudan are  casting their votes in a referendum on independence.

 The poll will  decide whether the mainly Christian south secedes from the Arab north.

  Only people in the south are being allowed to vote.

 The referendum was  agreed as part of a peace deal that ended two decades of civil war.

 Our  Africa correspondent, Andrew Harding, reports.

  Up early, queuing for the chance to make history.

 Eager voters,  signalling their determination to create a brand new African country.

  The time has come for us, as the owners of this country, to lead it.

  We need our own, and we are going ahead, nobody will stop us.

 Still  plenty of guns and instability here in South Sudan, but today, real  hope that this referendum on independence from the north of the  country is the best way to build a lasting peace.

 Mary has spent a  lifetime running from war.

 Many people have died before seeing this  moment I am going to see today.

 I was born in a refugee camp.

 I went  from the refugee camp as a mother.

 I don't want to go back as an old  woman.

 The voting will carry on for a few more days.

 The counting will  last several weeks.

 Already, the result here is not in doubt.

 Every  single person I have spoken to says they want independence for south  Sudan.

 We are almost certainly witnessing the birth of a new  nation here.

 It won't be plain sailing.

 There are real fears that  breaking up Sudan could trigger new conflicts.

 But the outside work --  world is urging restraint.

 should have a positive expectation  and encourage them.

 War and conflict is not the only option.

  There is enough to tell us that enmity between people's need not  last -- need not last for ever.

 Celebrations have already begun, a  defining moment for a long $$NEWLIN Now, with all the sport,  The magic of the FA Cup didn't last long for Kenny Dalglish on his  return to management with Liverpool.

 Just a day after taking charge, his  side were knocked out in the third round by Manchester United, beaten  1-0.

 Dan Roan is outside Old Trafford for us.

  It promised to be the most emotional of comebacks.

 Having  replaced Roy Hodgson, Kenny Dalglish was back in charge of the  club where he enjoyed such success.

 The team he presides over now is a  pale imitation of the one he left in 1991.

 Come on! They had waited  20 years for this.

 For these Liverpool fans arriving at Old  Trafford, a reminder of what the club's greatest living legend means  to them.

 Finally, Kenny had come to their rescue.

 Fantastic, King Kenny  is back, the best late Christmas present.

 Brilliant.

 He is our hero,  he has been for years, we are glad to have him.

 Inside, familiar foes  roll-back is and renewed rivalries.

 Since Dalglish last made this walk,  Liverpool had been a team in decline.

 It took just half a minute  to prove it.

 Annual Adam's clumsy challenge gave Berbatov a chance to  go down in the box -- Daniel Agulla's clumsy challenge.

 It was  not the start that Dalglish had envisaged -- Daniel Agger.

 Gerard's  rash challenge was too much for Howard Webb.

 Liverpool reduced to  10 men, the new manager must have wondered what he let himself in for.

  Galvanised by what they had heard at half-time, perhaps, Liverpool at  least improved after the restart.

 But United were never in serious  danger.

 While Reina's heroics ensure that this never added to  their advantage, one goal was enough to seek United through.

 The  caretaker King's reign, beginning in defeat.

 It is a difficult place  to come and play again.

 To lose a penalty in the first minute and get  a guy sent off in the first half was always going to make it  difficult for us.

 I thought the boys stuck to their task.

 Not one  of them can be faulted.

 A new manager but the same old  result for Liverpool.

 The scale of the challenge facing him, clear for  all to see.

 I think what today proves, there is  no quick fix for Liverpool.

 Dalglish will have been encouraged  by a spirited second-half display.

 The fact he now has the chance to  work for his players for the first time, ahead of Blackpool in midweek  and a crunch game against Everton next again.

 This was by no means  the fairy-tale return he would have been desperate for.

  Defending champions Chelsea have booked their place in the fourth  round with an emphatic 7-0 victory over managerless Ipswich.

 Three  goals in seven first half minutes all but secured the win for Carlo  Ancelotti's side, to set up a tie against Everton.

 Two goals from  Jermain Defoe helped Tottenham to victory over Charlton.

 And midway  through the second half in the late kick off, Manchester City lead  Leicester 2-1.

 There has been fourth-round action  in the Scottish Cup.

 SPL leaders Celtic are 2-0 up against the  division Berwick Rangers.

 -- third division Berwick Rangers.

  Motherwell breezed through to the fifth round as well.

 Jamie Murphy's  solo effort, rounding off an impressive 4-0 victory over Dundee.

  A successful start to Stuart McCall's reign as manager.

 On the  day that Tottenham have announced that David Beckham will train with  the club, but will not sign a loan

 website.

  I will be back with a full bulletin later.

 Now it is time for Click.

  What do you get when you put thousands of the most creative  minds on the internet together in This week, of the brains in Brazil.

  We travel to South America to see some of the concepts that could  shape tomorrow's technology.

 Plus, snapping up cash.

 The new  simple to use cameras giving professional results.

  We will also round-up the week's tech news and Kate gets mobile on  her new gadget.

 How do new ideas come about? Will,  in different ways, obviously.

 But one is when creative people get  together and share their opinions and times.

 So when 7,000 like-  minded souls meet up in the same place at the same time, you have  got some of the best pop up parties on the planet.

 For one week only,  Sao Paulo is the place to be.

 Technology addict from across South  America have descended on an exhibition holy, bringing with them  their machines and ideas.

 -- hall.

 These 24 hour Campus Party people  are here to share knowledge and feed off each other's enthusiasm.

  People I've only ever talked to on MSN or Skype.

 I can actually talk  to them, share ideas, maybe start a project.

 I study electronic  engineering, so I am here with my friends from college to actually  joined and learn something.

 learn everything about development  games and it is very awesome.

 when everything is plugged in and  booted up, this is what thousands of people and their computers look  like.

 And if you think this is massive, the one next door is even  bigger.

 A bedroom, if you will.

 Crammed conditions don't seem to  bother anybody.

 But after a week of sleeping together, this place can  get a little, well, pungent.

 This is like eight Lab for geeks.

 There  is no sense whether it is day or night.

 And this is and bedtime.

 It  is peak time.

 Look at the place.

 So many people, so much going on.

 What  is the buzz? Who is working with whom? That is where you have your  friend, Mr laptop and also misses Twitter.

 I am writing, Sera que  alguem gosta de jogar um jogo de Call of Duty comigo? And then I  send.

 This is the beating heart of the operation, where 10 gigabit its  per-second is pumping into the room.

 -- tenet gigabits.

 These fibres are  working hard, giving the network provider the chance to try out the  latest techniques.

 Here, we can provide some experience through the  campus users that they don't have in their own life.

 There are some  brains here working hard to develop something new.

 It means that what  you see here in a few years, some of these guys will have provoked a  great revolution.

 Over on the main stage, a self-proclaimed  revolutionary, former US President Al Gore.

 He has just a -- is just  as much a fan of the web as tackling climate change.

 This new  ability for individuals to connect to one another digitally and to  explore eight universe of knowledge at their own pace and according to  their run curiosity, and to connect to others who have common interests,  has reawakened the possibility that we can bring democracy to vivid  life.

 And the man whose bright idea allowed us all to connect online  has jetted in to survey the proceedings for himself.

 I've  learned the most exciting thing about technology, which is people  can do things you never imagined.

 With so many people guzzling power,  with Brazilian thunderstorms raging over head, when the rain got in, it  took us by surprise.

 But of course a mere power bridge is never going  to silence the inventor of the web.

 The cut the spirit out there.

  Everybody is carried in a way, doing all kinds of things.

 The  spirit of putting things out there and different ways of doing things  is certainly alive and well.

 Thanks to computing on battery power, the  party keeps going.

 And here in South America, they know all about  collaborative coding.

 It is as classy from anything from the big  games companies.

 These are free.

 The same applies to the Linux  operating system.

 It is widely used in Brazil, so when one of the  founding fathers arrives, he is treated like a rock star.

  observation has been that people get together in a room and they can  talk to each other, share food and ideas and do it at a much more  rapid pace.

 And also arguments that may have gone for months on the  internet are quashed in a matter of minutes.

 Don't go thinking it is  all about Coding.

 Campuseuros like getting their hands dirty, too.

  This one is encrusted with LEDs.

 Very bling! Elsewhere at the party,  things are getting seriously innovative.

 After 30 years of  computing in two dimensions, we are getting the hang of doing it in 3D.

  Hey, people.

 I'm on television.

 A normal webcam is on the back of it  with a normal table here.

 Using the Tablet, I am about to do something  a little cool with this stylus to my BBC pass.

 It has been airbrushed  out in real time.

 Fantastic! For the time being, it is just a  student project, but one day, this software could be supporting brand  logo has, so you might just see it in action.

 And with this  experimental hardware, you can channel you're in a geek.

 Just  twist the dial.

 -- you can channel your inner geek.

 This is their  deadly one of a kind.

 The Simulator has been created by two brothers.

  They are strapped together on a rotating gimble but it is not as  easy as it looks.

 I don't think I am stalling, I think I am dying!  You may have spilt your tea or coffee by-now! Fees are certainly a  creative bunch.

 They have uploaded more code, photos, videos and blocs  this week than they have downloaded.

 -- bloggers.

 It is certainly a  brighter place than it was before.

 That was Gareth Mitchell reporting  from Sao Paulo.

 Next year's Campbell's party is going to be  held in San Francisco.

 So no doubt, more coverage.

 And if you like the  sound of that, we will hear more from him.

  He presents out assistant programme on the BBC World Service.

 Details  are on our website.

 Now for the latest tech news.

  After a five-day blackout, Egypt is back online, but the government  switch-off, designed to curb communication between demonstrators,  has inspired a work around by Google and Twitter.

 They have  created speaktoTweed.

 It may not be enough for the people of China.

 It  blocked the word "Egypt" from web searches.

  An almighty row has kicked off between two of the world's biggest  search engines.

 Known as the bing sting, Google has accused Microsoft  as copying.

 It put in a fake word to give up results.

 Within weeks,  the same surges came up on it the Microsoft Surgeon-General stop  Microsoft denies this.

 Windows seven phones are using new  technology but there is a glitch with you are who.

 Yuyu phones used  26 times more data than necessary.

 BMW has shown an experimental  version of its car key of the future.

 As well as the usual  functions, it opens other doors like hotel rooms and even pays the  bill.

 BMW says there will be a proprietary Wireless closed system  for security.

 But imagine what would happen if you lost it!  It seems that plenty of you have enjoyed our coverage of the  Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.

 We looked at the exploding  tablet market and we asked Microsoft boss Steve Boorman  whether he thought Microsoft worked well.

 But many of you didn't think  he made it point well.

 Chris doesn't think they have a  convincing strategy.

 Brian thinks he was denying there was a problem.

  Johnny is not convinced at all.

 After contemplating a future  possibly dominated by a touch screen devices, David Beck from  Leicestershire took time to record this video message.

 Before you get  rid of your desktop computer in favour of tablets, you should run  there aria large range of commercial applications -- you  should remember that there are a large range of commercial  applications that only work with a desktop.

 Thanks, David.

 And I have  to agree, tablets do seem to be much more about consumption than  about production.

 Thank you for your continued comments.

 They keep  us on our toes.

 Keep them coming.

 You can right to a website or --  you can write to our website.

 Kate Russell has some super website  to get social.

 So, you have taken a cracking photo  and it will look great in your album but it might look even better  on the front of a magazine or in an advert.

 That sort of thing is  totally possible these days.

 Amateurs are making a bit on the  side by selling their shops online.

 In fact, it is getting so popular  the professionals are starting to complain.

 Nevertheless, Dan Simmons  has been looking at some of the Snapping for cash.

 These are the  real prices to buy the rights to each picture through an agency.

 And  an increasing number of those sold Ever since photography went digital,  more of us have got involved.

 The advantages were clear.

 Immediate  results to be learned from and improved upon and virtually no  additional cost.

 Yes, the Polaroid offered instant pictures, at the  cost -- but the cost of the shooting made us think twice.

 With  digital, you can tuck shop your masterpieces with post-production  software.

 It was even better than having a darkroom at home.

 And now  that can be done even on your mobile phone.

 Today, the amateur  market is more important to most manufacturers' than the  professional market.

 But how do you get professional-looking pictures  without the bulky cameras? This is Panasonic's new GF2.

 It has got a  bigger, better sensor and a compact camera and high quality  interchangeable lenses.

 It is the smallest camera of its kind in the  world.

 The idea is that you take this out and expect to get the same  results as with a big, bulky professional camera.

 You do not  have to know anything about exposure, aperture.

 Other cameras  may have shooting modes like portrait or sports, but this and  saying things like a Blu Ray feature.

 -- this and is in things  like a blurry feature.

 The London Eye in the background is sharp.

 In  reality, the slider is just moving the lens aperture.

 It is changing  the depth of field.

 For those who do not want to get involved, it is  an easy way to get the look they want.

 Focusing on the subject has  been made more simple, too.

 The professionals will decide what they  want to be in focus, half the press the button, and then recomposed the  photo when they see green.

 -- depressed.

 Point-and-shooters will  just point and shoot and hope that all will focus does the job.

 --  auto focus.

 There is another option here, literally to touch what you  want to be in focus and simultaneously take the shot.

  Panasonic says these controls will encourage creativity while keeping  things simple.

 And it is easy to see how.

 But we did notice that  without a light touch, the shot can be blurry or be recomposed in a not  too clever way.

 And the camera is not cheap at £450.

 Other  manufacturers are starting to include similar features.

 As  cameras have become easier to use, photographs have become easier to  share.

 Vast communities like flicker exist.

 This treasure trove  of shops has been used to swell the numbers of stock footage it images.

  -- stock images.

 Primarily, the business is an off-the-shelf  photography business.

 We look at the pictures that are selling and  the images that our customers need.

 We will send out those guidelines  to photographers.

 We call that greater research.

 Photographers who  are supplying us images can look at our contributors' website to see  the pictures that we need.

 Prices may not be a fortune but they are  encouraging for people who want a second income from their hobby.

 So  much so, it has got the professionals worried.

 They are  making a very difficult for photographers to have income in the  way in which they would traditionally, with sales from  stock libraries.

 It has been getting more and more challenging.

  One has to be inventive to make a living.

 I have an entrepreneurial  nature in my practice as an artist and photographer, so I am always  exploring the possibilities, and I think again it is up to the  individual to be creative.

 As the number of photographs increase, so  prices have fallen and agencies look for what is unique.

 It makes  the job of taking a picture that may sell even more of a job.

 And it  increases the value of truth and inspiration.

  Dan Simmons, focusing on the cold hard cash.

 Typical.

 Next up,  Webscape.

 Kate Russell has been researching another batch of sites.

  Apparently, this week, she has been typing less and talking more.

  Don't look at me like that! Just because I have been chatting all  day does not mean I have been shirking my responsibilities  finding great sights.

 I have been trying out the current front lovers  -- front -- front-runners in the Android instant messaging arena.

  This is a good free at from the makers of the popular desktop phone.

  -- Free application.

 It supports a range of instant messenger services.

  One really important feature for a working Instant Messenger  application is the ability for a to run in the background.

 So that you  can carry on conversations without having to be stuck on the phone.

  This does this, but like a lot of other replications in this field,  it kind of sucks up your factory.

 - - battery.

 This popular rappers on  the iPhone as well as Android, plus a cut down more bile browser  version is available.

 It is also free and has a simple interface,  which I prefer.

 It is fast and reliable and has a range of clients  supported including Facebook.

 It runs in the background but is heavy  on battery usage.

 Finally, trillion is a relative  newcomer to the Android market.

 It is available for Blackberry and  iPhone.

 -- Trillion.

 It has recently been made into a paid for  applications so it loses points as far as I am concerned.

  All the usual suspects are supported including Facebook.

 His  application was not as intuitive to set up as the others I have tried.

  But you can do the whole thing on your desktop and have it sink  automatically to your phone.

 Other than the set-up process, I cannot  find fault with the interface.

 It is my favourite of the three to  look at and use.

 Shame about the price.

 It also runs in the  background and sucks up West battery life than the others.

 --  less battery life.

 When you're done chatting, you  might want to sit down and watch some cool stuff.

 Live streaming is  now a massive part of life on the internet.

 Many of the biggest  companies broadcast exciting announcements and product launches  online before anyone else.

 Like Beatrix Potter, as you portal to  anything worth watching through you're browser.

 -- livematrix.

com  is your portal.

 It as a start time and can be attended a wine, you  will find it lent to from here.

 -- if it has a start time.

 It can even  set a reminder for you to tune in before it goes live.

 If you find an  event you think for us of your website might want to watch, the  site will provide a widget to in bed.

 -- in bed.

 That is what I call  As we saw earlier, the news coming out of Egypt this week has really  shown how important social media sites like Twitter have become.

  There are lots of tools for tracking and making sense of the  stories being tweeted.

 Of the Archivist is well designed, with  lots of applications to allow you to find out who was talking about  what.

 At Monitor, you can find out what is being spoken about within  the range of a specific location, so you can find out what is getting  out through the experience of those on the ground.

  If you would like to watch the

 from swine flu - her devastated  mother wants all children to be able to have a vaccine.

 A few  pounds worth of a vaccine that could have ultimately saved her  life.

 Good evening.

 Welcome to NorthWest  Tonight.

 I'm Gordon Burns.

 And I'm Annabel Tiffin.

 Also in the  programme: Worst in the country for truancy,  the Manchester school determined to fight back.

  Problems in the post - Royal Mail admits to delays in deliveries  after your complaints to us.

 expected it would be snow that  there would be delays, but I never expected to be waiting this long.

  The unlikely lads - level on points, but can the King keep the tide from  turning Blackpool's way tonight? I will be talking about might tour  which is bringing me to the north- west in and why that is bad news  Lana Ameen was a healthy toddler, inquisitive and playful, but within  days of having a cough she was dead.

 The three year old from Stockport  died the day after Boxing Day from swine flu.

 Now her parents are  calling for all children to be vaccinated against the virus.

  Elaine Dunkley reports.

 This is the last photo of three-  year-old Lana Ameen.

 Just hours after it was taken, she died at  Alderhey Children's hospital.

 Her mother wanted to release the photo  to warn other parents about the dangers of swine flu.

 I feel that  perhaps more could have been done and it was just terrible seeing her  in such an awful state.

 As you can see from the pictures of her in  intensive care, it was just terrible.

 It has been hard for her.

  But I think that she will come in and asked me for a cup of tea or a  park.

 Lana didn't have any other health problems, Gemma wants the  H1NI flu jab to be rolled out as a vaccination programme for all  children.

 I would love to see the government changing its policies in  order to give everybody a chance to have the vaccines.

 I do not know  how they can say that my child was not worth having a few pounds worth  of a vaccine that could have ultimately saved her life.

 Which it  could have.

 This was two years ago, when swine flu first came under the  spotlight causing wide spread panic.

 All children under five were  offered the jab.

 The advice from the Department of Health has now  changed: Only children who are in at risk groups are given the  vaccine.

 Would to let this a little one have the vaccination? I would  need more information before I say yes.

 I am particular about what  they give my child, especially vaccinations.

 When NMR came out, I  was reluctant to give it because I was unsure what it was.

 Here at  Prestwich Arts College, 900 pupils were due to receive a vaccination  this week, NHS Bury the first in the country to roll out a programme  for healthy children, but the plans have been scrapped and letters have  been sent to parents.

 It is the impact that that virus will have on  the children all the family is, pupils having to take time off,  staff being absent from work.

 It is the impact on a school community  and that is huge.

 Lana's family are struggling to come to terms with  what has happened.

 Gemma believes other parents will go through what  she has if the vaccine isn't Well, earlier I spoke to Professor  David Salisbury, who is the National Director for Vaccines and  Immunisation at the Department of Health, and asked why last year's  programme to vaccinate all children under five against flu had been  stopped.

 That was the pandemic.

 The  circumstances then were of a new virus for which the population had  no immunity and we were looking very carefully at the burden of  disease in all age groups of children.

 That was broken down  according to which category is of age they came in.

 We then reviewed  the circumstances with our expert committee.

 After that, based on the  knowledge we had gained on who had been infected, who had been  unlikely been affected and so on, and the inclusion -- the conclusion  was that there was not a need to vaccinate help the children for  this.

 We have had this dreadful case of this three year-old girl  who was healthy, no underlying health problems, who has died from  its wider.

 Her parents, in the medical profession, said that if  she had the vaccine she would be alive now.

 Is it not time to review  your recommendations? We review our recommendations all the time, and  indeed we have already got a work plan for 2011 that includes a  review of all the recommendations for seasonal influence of  vaccinations.

 That is worth -- is already shed jailed for this year.

  Of course we will look extremely carefully at all of the events, not  only from the pandemic last year, but from the seasonal influence of  this year.

 You can understand how parents must be very worried to  hear that a little girl who was perfectly healthy has died so  suddenly from swine flu? Yes, of course I understand their worry.

  For any family, when a tragedy like this happens, one can only feel  very, very sorry for their circumstances.

 As someone who was a  paediatrician, I know very well what this is like.

 But the risk to  children is actually very, very small up a serious case of  influenza, most children have influenza.

 It is uncomfortable,  unpleasant and they have a temperature and they feel unwell,  but serious influenza is actually very rare.

 Professor, thank you  very much.

 Burtons the biscuit manufacturer is  to close its factory on Merseyside with the loss of 342 jobs.

 The firm  plans to close its Moreton plant by the end of the year.

 Work will be  moved to other parts of the country, while plans to merge the Knowsley  distribution centre with another site are also being looked at.

  overhead structure it here, given the volume, is four times higher  than our other sites.

 The automation and the level of  investment here is such that the cost to produce a ton of product is  twice as expensive.

 The council has put a lot of effort into  maintaining jobs.

 Only recently, we gave a £1 million grant to the  company.

 The leaders at the council will be trying to meet with the  company to see if there is anything A mother-of-two who suffers from a  condition called Locked In Syndrome has been told she will now get  funding for intensive rehabilitation.

 Michelle Wheately,  who's 27 and from Stockport, had a stroke which left her paralysed.

 At  the moment she has just a couple of hours of physiotherapy a week.

  Health officials initially refused to pay £35,00 for an advanced  course saying she wouldn't benefit from it, but have reversed their  decision.

 Manchester has some of the most  worst truants in Britain.

 New tables from the Government show  four of the city's schools are included in the top when it comes  to serial absentees.

 One has the highest proportion of  consistent non-attenders in the country - one in five pupils.

 But  staff there say things are improving, as our Chief Reporter,  Dave Guest, can tell you.

 The start of another day at the  Manchester Creative and Media Academy for Boys.

 The staff are  keen to chivvy the students into their studies.

 But they know there  will be a fair proportion missing.

 This school, has the highest  percentage of persistent absentees in the country.

 You must be  disappointed with the figures? in the sense that I do not want any  children to miss out on schooling.

 In fact, more than one in five of  his students are missing out on their schooling for at least 20% of  the time they should be here.

 But the academy says today's  figures do not tell the full story.

 They are a snapshot of the position  in May last year.

 Back then, almost 22 % of the People's hit were  classed as persistently absent.

 The academy says presently that figure  is down to just over 70 %.

 But that's still well above the  national average.

 So what would those who do regularly attend say  to those who don't? It has changed, they do not do  maths and English a more, it is inciting.

 There is a gem that will  improve your fitness.

 The academy was created in late 2009 from a  school that had problems of its own.

 Elsewhere in Manchester, St Peter's  RC High was created from an amalgamation of three schools more  than a decade ago.

 In the early days poor attendance was an issue  here, too.

 But not any more.

 main thing we did was improve the  quality of the curriculum and the provision in the school.

 The  essence of what we are doing is trying to make scald the place to  be.

 Back at the Manchester Creative Arts and Media Academy, they say  attendance and academic achievement is improving.

 This is the last time  that this academy will be registered as worst in the country,  this will not happen again.

 He will, of course, be held to that.

  Tomorrow voters in Oldham East and Saddleworth will go to the polls in  the first by election of this Parliament.

 Campaigners from all  the main parties have been working hard to win the contest which is  seen as the first major electoral test since the general election.

  Our correspondent is live for us in Upper Mill in Saddleworth.

  I am in Uppermill in the saddle worth a part of the constituency.

  It was here at the end of last year at that that election court sat and  judged that the Labour MP Phil Wallace had lied in his literature  and it was that decision which sparked this by-election, of which  we will get the result tomorrow.

 It is pretty calm, relaxed, by the  canalside, but it has been a busy day of campaigning in Oldham.

  Did you get lost? The train was late.

 A last chance to manufacture  votes.

 One of the other big themes has been cuts in public Stent --  public spending.

 We have had to make some difficult decisions to  clean up the mess that the Labour government left during their time.

  Labour appears to be ahead, but only if people bother to vote.

  have run a strong campaign and the Labour Party has come out in force  to rally round an excellent candidate in Debbie Abraham.

 We are  pleased with the campaign, but we do not take a single vote for  granted.

 The Tories are fighting Labour and their Coalition partners.

  If this election tells us anything, it says that there has to be no  boundary about the personal nature of campaigning.

 I am not here to  decry the qualities of the Lib Dem candidate, I am here to extol the  virtues of our excellent Conservative candidate.

 Party  volunteers took to the streets.

 Is this causing a hazard? It is.

 If  you can go that way so I can see what is going on.

 That is better,  thank you.

 We you be voting Conservative? I do not have a clue.

  What are the Tories a chance is around here? I think we have a  great chance, we are working hard and are confident.

 What do the  bookies say? I have not been to the bookies are recently.

 I am not  going to put money down on this because it will be impossible to  tell as it will be so tight.

 It is a three-horse race.

 Winners and  losers will be declared tomorrow.

 It has been a misty day across the  constituency today, but to help us through the political fog I am  joined by a Dr Russell from Manchester University.

 It is  important for the constituency to get an MP, but what is the national  significance? Nationally, this is the first test of the Coalition  government, the first since the general election in May.

 We will be  looking to see how both parties have their fault -- how their votes  hold up.

 It is the first test for Labour and the new leadership of Ed  Miliband.

 All three parties will be looking to see this as a health  check.

 Bearing that in mind, it is important for Labour that they win?  Labour's biggest problem is that they have to get their core vote  out.

 The Poles are suggesting that Labour are comfortably in the lead  here, but the big issue is complacency.

 They need to persuade  their voters to come out and vote for them so that they can present a  natural -- a national picture of their party that is ready to take  the helm again.

 If they do not win, that will be perceived as a series  defeat, before the Lib Dems, do they have to win or are they are OK  if they get a good second? They were very close last time round, as  we know, they lost by 103 votes.

 But the context has moved on so  much that you feel that anything better than third place could be  presented as a successful attempt, particularly if they say they can  retain their relevance locally banks to vigorous campaigning  rather than its due to the national figure, because we know it has gone  away from them.

 And the Tories? They have the momentum after the  last election, they got the most votes, and what we see here is that  perhaps they will be third again.

 Thank you very much indeed.

 The  last time there was a by-election in January was back in 1966.

  Considering how cold it has been during this campaign, you can see  In total, there are ten candidates standing.

 Voting takes place  tomorrow.

 Still to come in North West  Tonight: Well Liverpool be the next to car it in Blackpool's 1970s  revival? Why John Cleese needs to make  millions and why he puts the boot into Michael Palin.

  So you are going to have a go at him and.

.

.

 He deserves it.

 He is so  nice, he deserves a good kicking Said with his tongue firmly in his  cheek.

 You might not want to hear this but  it is less than 350 days until next Christmas and the really bad news  is some of you have yet to receive presents or cards from this  Christmas.

 R Facebook site has been inundated with post arriving late  or not at all and now Royal Mail has said there are delays in the  system.

 These decorations are down at Sarah  Devlin's of his insurer.

 The into January presence posted to her on  December the trough have yet to arrive.

 -- deep into January.

  expected some delay with the snow and bank holidays but not this long.

  We have had more than 100 comments on of Facebook site from people who  have suffered delays to the Christmas post.

 Janet Hewitt said  she posted a letter on 20th December and it arrived yesterday,  Student Vicki Roberts has a similar story.

 I ordered a Possil for my  friend's birthday on the fourth of December and her birthday was on  the twelfth but I only got it yesterday.

 Bad weather has played a  part but many viewers feel the situation has been worsened because  they have lost their local sorting office.

 So we asked Royal Mail  which sorting offices have closed down in the last two years.

 They  said mail processing work from several areas has transferred to  rail centres in Manchester and Warrington.

 If we ask, are there  any hope backlogs in the system and they say there are currently delays  of up to 24 hours of deliveries.

 So do customers deserve an apology?  They say they do and that managers and staff are working hard to  improve deliveries in the affected areas.

 2 billion cards and parcels  have been shifted over Christmas, the vast majority on time.

  Now, will Littleport like to be beside the seaside? Here is Tony  with the sport.

 -- will Liverpool? Liverpool and Blackpool meets at  Bloomfield Road tonight.

 Blackpool will have to rewrite history to get  three points.

 It is 57 years since the Reds last lost there.

 Mind you,  history is not the Blackpool fan's favourite subject.

  Starting in the 1970s and 1980s, Liverpool have swept to be formed  to them.

 -- before them.

 The COMMENTATOR: That is a good  try.

.

.

 Apart from the odd goal of the  season, Blackpool have spent decades in the dumps.

 So what has  happened since then? Blackpool fans say forget the Status Quo, both are  teams are level pegging.

 The table speaks for itself.

 If we beat them  again tonight.

.

.

 The Seasiders have already won at Anfield so when they  walk out tonight, how close is it? Both teams have 25 points, both  have won seven, drawn four, Liverpool have played one game more  and have nine defeats to blackball's eight.

 They were the  laughing stock of English football in the 1980s.

 The stadium was a  rust bucket.

 But you can always get back to your former glories.

 It is  all about on the day.

 We are going to go and play a team that has done  really well at the moment.

 He he's fantastic and I would like to know  him better but I will not get a chance.

 He will be opposite me in  the dug-out which will be a wonderful thing.

 If they do do the  double can there be anyone left on he is? The any one I am worried  about his Manchester United but who cares? -- the only one.

  Blackburn Rovers' new owners, the Venky's Group, have appointed the  former Danish international John Jensen as assistant manager.

 The  ex-Arsenal midfielder became famous when he scored for Denmark when  they beat Germany in the 1992 European Championship final.

 He  will work alongside Rovers' caretaker manager Steve Kean.

  Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli is out for up to a month  with another knee injury which may require surgery.

 He has already had  a knee operation this season and manager Roberto Mancini admits he  is a little concerned by the striker's injury problems.

  Meanwhile, Wayne Bridge is to be loaned out to West Ham.

 He is  undergoing a medical.

 In League One, Oldham's push for a  play-off place suffered a blow last night when they were hammered 6-0  by Southampton.

 In League Two, struggling Stockport drew 3-0 with  Rotherham.

 -- 3-3.

 Two goals from Stephen Husband put County 3-1 up.

  But the home side, still without a permanent manager, conceded two  goals in the last six minutes.

 Fifth-placed Crewe lost 2-1 at mid-  table Torquay.

 Danny Shelley's free-kick gave Alex hope but  Clayton Donaldson blew his chance It has been pretty wet all day  It has been mild, ten and 11 degrees.

 It could be the same  tomorrow.

 The look of the weather could be slightly better but it  will be a social thing.

 If you did not have a lot of rain you had an  awful lot of cloud cover today.

 Through the day today sometimes our  radar cannot pick it up because it is so light and fine but you will  note it was out and about way you live.

 You can see an awful lot of  cloud cover and an area waiting in the wings.

 As it moves across it is  fragmenting so it will not be hammering it down but it will be  fairly wet for the next couple of hours.

 It will peter out for many  of us but the cloud cover sticks for many of us.

 Visibility poor in  some areas.

 Temperatures very good.

 This is through the night.

 But then  for tomorrow another overcast day.

 You can see the line of rain around  first thing in the morning for his use -- the morning.

 But through the  day every now and then the cloud cover it will try to break.

 If you  get 20 minutes of sunshine and temperatures of ten or 11 degrees,  it will feel quite good.

 But the cloud cover will win through in the  First there was Peter Kay's Bungalow talk to buy a new home for  his mother.

 Now John Cleese has launched his Alimony tour to help  pay the £12 million he has to give his ex after their divorce.

 The  Monty Python star is taking his one-man show around the country  including two Salford and Liverpool.

 Today I met one of my heroes.

 He  was visiting the Lowry Theatre and asked him if the tour really was  about his alimony.

 Yes.

 I for -- if I did not have the  alimony to pay, I think I would be earning a living writing because  the silly thing about my business is performing has always paid much  more than writing, although writing is much more difficult and  interesting.

 But it is good to get the old man out of the house.

  long does it have to go on for? You have already done it outside the UK.

  I have paid $60 million so far and I have to pay.

.

.

 It is hilarious! I  have to pay $5 million over the next five years until I am 76,  while she goes on cruises.

 So this show could run and run? Yes! What  can the audience expect? There is the little bits of autobiographical  stuff about Weston-Super-Mare, growing up there in the war and  Weston-super-Mare been bombed by the Germans and why it would be  efficient and logical Germans waste any bombs on Weston-super-Mare?  Then there is working with several people and then Monty Python and  Fawlty Towers.

 Your fans will be expecting a bit of everything, the  Ministry of Silly walks, Basil Fawlty berating to.

.

.

 The Dead  Parrot sketch.

.

.

 Is that what they are going to get? Yes.

 I talk about  my favourite scene from Fawlty Towers, which surprises people, and  I talk about.

.

.

 Which is? It is in the Germans episode.

 I think it is  the best bit of writing we ever did.

 I enjoyed every night.

 It is  extraordinary just watching it.

 And I talk about Monty Python and if  you want to understand you have to understand we are basically six  writers who happen to perform our own material, so all the fights and  quarrelling were about material.

 Was it good enough? There was never  any squabbling about who would do which Park, which would surprise  people because if we were performers that is what we would be  squabbling about.

 What do you have against Michael Palin? Some people  like conversation, Michael likes talking.

 It is one of the most  boring travel shows.

 He is such a nice guy.

 There is nothing in them,  it is just, all what a nice guy.

 It is because he does not have to  write anything.

 He can just get away with being a nice chap.

  you're going to have a go at him? He deserves it.

 He's so nice he  deserves a good kicking now and again.

 Are you going to invite him?  Of course.

 He will be here -- you will be in  the Lowry Theatre and another theatre in the North West.

 I have  not played them since the Monty Python tour.

 A bit more interesting  than Michael Palin! Thank you.

 He is very rude, isn't he?  Our was a bit worried because he

 Thank you for watching and we will  I buy a flight for Egypt.

 horses collapse and die at Newbury  races.

 It is thought they may have been electrocuted.

 England storm to  victory over Italy with an 8-try win.

  Good evening.

 The Egyptian military has promised to pave the way for an  elected civilian Government in the country.

 In its first detailed  statement since Hosni Mubarak's resignation, the Army said it would  oversee a peaceful transition of power.

 The statement has been  welcomed by protesters in the centre of Cairo, as they continue  to celebrate Mr Mubarak's resignation.

 -- departure.

 Jeremy  Bowen reports.

 In the new Egypt, cleaning the  streets is a political act.

 It needed doing.

 18 days of protest  and a huge victory party left a lot of mess.

 So thousands of volunteers  turned out in Tahrir Square for the first time they felt like citizens.

  Why are you cleaning up? Because it's our country, so we are the  ones who have to clean up.

 It is just the beginning.

 If you go  inside you see the spirit.

 Everyone's holding a broom.

  Everyone wants to clean up.

 Everyone wants a new start, so it's  just lovely to be part of it.

 used to feel like a country  drowning in difficulty.

 But there was an extraordinary sense of the  possible in Tahrir Square.

 This family, half British, half Egyptian,  turned up with a broom each.

 Everyone suffered from a different  problem, but now all our problems are going to be resolved.

 Yes.

 We  are very optimistic now.

 Tell them what you are going to do.

 Clean up  the street.

 They put back the cobblestones that had been dug up  to be used as missiles in the fight to stay in the square.

 Putting the  country back together again won't be a job they can do in a day.

  Egyptians have always been patriotic.

 Now there's a new asset,  a reinvigorated sense of national pride.

 I'm just happy to prove to  the world that our country can fix itself without foreign intervention,  without having the US come here and send its Army to try and fix the  world, and try to interfere in every situation.

 We can fix it  ourselves.

 This statue of a famous general stands on what was their  front line against the President's supporters.

 The Army is now in  control in Egypt.

 He briefed the volunteers on  people's communique number one, a list of demands sent to the Army,  including a rapid transition so civilian rule.

  Just in case they put back barricades they had started to  dismantle while they waited for the Army's answer.

  In the square the soldiers are heroes.

 Their generals issued a  statement that Egypt would be free and democratic.

 The high command  has been at the centre of power here for 60 years.

 That's a hard  habit to break.

 Civilians in the square think it's their turn.

 They  are doing all this because of an intoxicating new feeling that their  opinion matters, that they can change things.

 There's a clear  message in that for the generals.

 If the people don't like the way  the military is taking the country, they can step in again.

 They know  the way back here to Tahrir Square.

 When the cleaning was over they had  another party.

 It has been a blissful dawn to be alive for the  new Egyptians in the square.

 But often the hardest time for  revolutionarys not overthrowing the old dictator.

 It is making the New  Order, and that all lies ahead.

 The events in Egypt have sent shock  waves around the world, inspiring pro-democracy rallies in other  countries.

 While Egypt's Army has said it would continue to respect  its international agreements, there's no timetable for elections,  and questions remain about the future role of the military.

  Christian Fraser reports.

 They all want to be photographed with the  Army.

 The soldiers are feted with flowers, hailed as conquering  heroes.

 But now it is up to their commanders to slowly manoeuvre this  country towards elections.

 This is the man with the highest profile.

  Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi.

 Defence Minister.

 At the  height of the demonstrations he made a surprise appearance among  the protesters.

 By the end of week one the generals had calculated  that protecting the standing of the military in this country was more  important than backing an increasingly isolated President.

  But some of those generals were the deposed President's closest allies.

  Some were also staunch opponents of social reform.

 So, can they be  trusted to deliver the freedoms these people want? The military are  saying today that they are going to push the country into an  establishment, the creation of a democratic and civil system.

 These  are really assuring statements, but it remains vague.

 As long as we  don't have a timeline and clear mechanism to transition from  autocracy to democracy.

 Egypt's neighbours are watching closely,  especially Israel.

 Israel welcomes the statement from Egypt that the  military Government intends to honour the peace treaty between  Israel and Egypt.

 That peace treaty is the cornerstone for regional  peace and stability.

 We want to see it continue.

  But it's not all peaceful.

 There were scuffles in Algeria today as  demonstrators took to the streets, and similar scenes in Yemen.

 The  strong men in the region fear this contagion of democracy.

 Egypt has  shown the world that even the most intrance gents regimes can be  toppled, though what happens next, no-one yet knows.

  Our Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen joins me from Cairo.

 Given what  they've heard today, are the protesters satisfyed? If you could  take the spirit of optimism and togetherness and the sense of  possibility that's in the square at the moment, and if you could bottle  it as a political tonic, or just as a general pick-me-up I think you  would make a fortune.

 But the reality of life here and of  revolutions is that even though they are still in the square at the  moment and they are still celebrating, there will be a moment  when the euphoria fades.

 At that time, they are going to have to  start building the new system.

 Eliminating the old system, of  which the Army is an integral part.

 That may be difficult, because the  Army is, has been at the centre of power for a long time and they may  want to hold on to it.

 So I think the future is not necessarily going  to be as smooth as they think it is.

 But at the moment, they are still  looking at it throw rose-tinted spectacles.

 One difficulty, there  is no tradition of democracy this this country, so building one fast  will be a priority.

 Jeremy Bowen, thank you.

  In other news, Ken Clarke, the Justice Secretary, says the  coalition will face "political difficulty" when the middle classes  realise how badly they're going to be hit by spending cuts this year.

  In a newspaper interview, Mr Clarke said the UK economy was in a  "calamitous" state.

 The Labour leader, Ed Miliband, has called on  the Government to rethink its spending cuts.

 Ross Hawkins reports.

  He prides himself on straight talking.

 And no spin doctor would  describe the impending cuts like Little there to soothe worried  voters.

 The Government said things are difficult but not as Ken Clarke  said, calamitous.

 And Labour's leader visiting Cardiff today, with  half an eye on May's elections, didn't miss his comments.

 I think  Ken Clarke needs to wake up and realise the middle classes across  Britain are already worried about the cuts and the impact they are  having.

 That's why we are seeing such protests against for example  the closures of local libraries.

 Did word from Downing Street is  they are relaxed about Ken Clarke's interview.

 But on the issue of  votes nor prisoners, what the Justice Secretary had to say set a  rather different tone from the Prime Minister's recent public  comments.

 Before Parliament voted this week to keep the current ban  on inmates going to the polls, despite the European Court ruling  it was legal, David Cameron made his personal feelings clear.

  don't see any reason why prisoners should get the vote.

 But the  Justice Secretary suggests in an interview conducted before the  Commons debate, prisoners serving less than four years would need to  be allowed votes to guarantee the Government wouldn't face legal  challenges.

 Which means as David Cameron's Ministers decide what to  do next, they'll have to reconcile Ken Clarke's legal opinion with the  views of his boss.

 Police in Newport have charged a  man with the murder of a heavily pregnant teenager.

 Nikitta  Grender's body was fount in her burnt-out flat.

 She had been  stabbed to death.

 Whant whant appear before magistrates on Monday.

  -- Carl Whant will appear before magistrates on Monday.

  Racing at Newbury had to be abandoned this afternoon after two  horses collapsed and died in mysterious circumstances.

 The  horses were being paraded before the first race when they fell to  the ground.

 It's thought they may have suffered some form of electric  shock.

 Colette McBeth reports.

 What's follows too distressing to  show.

 Shortly after that, those horses Marching Song and Fenix Two  died.

 A third, Kid Cassidy, recovered after briefly collapsing.

  The cause of their deaths is still being investigated, but the theory  is they could have been electrocuted.

 To laymen with no  evidence you would say it is electrical.

 The lad was saying as  he was lifting him said, "I'm gotten an electric shock off this  horse.

 The farrier said the same.

 The first race of the day did go  ahead, but then the meeting was called off.

 Racegoers sent home.

  Sad isn't it.

 Just sad.

 For the horses and the owners.

 Never heard  of anything like it in my life.

 It kind of spoiled our day.

 With the  racecourse clear electrical checks began immediately.

 There seems to  have been some kind of reaction in a particular part of the parade  ring.

 We have the electricity board here establishing whether or not  there is a cable there and whether it's been disturbed.

 If there is a  cable there it's been dormant for over 30 years.

 This is the end of a  dark day for horse racing, but the questions of how it happened are  only just beginning.

 Plans to stop funding 500 debt  advisers in England and Wales have been dropped by the Government.

  It'll pay an extra £27 million to keep the service going for another  year.

 The Treasury Minister has denied the decision is a U-turn.

  Joe Lynam reports.

 After a during binge the number of people needing  debt advice has soared.

 Up 23% last year alone, according to Citizens  Advice.

 Greg Ashby faced his own financial uncertainty when the  Government axed the fund which pays his wages.

 He says his type of the  face to face advice is crucial.

 Government need to have long-term  plans with regard to face to face debt advice.

 I don't think that  needs to be one, three year ors five.

 It needs be long term and  permanent.

 There is always going to be people or hard to reach  vulnerable group who is need face to face advice.

 The Government has  found in the business department £27 million to fund debt advisers.

  That mean as reprieve for some advisers in England and Wales.

 But  the Minister denies a U-turn.

 we spent some time over the last  few months trying to do is sort out how we could continue to provide  that advice.

 The important thing is to look beyond the next 12 months  and find out how we could have this on a sustainable basis.

 This  temporary reprieve is just that, a short-term solution.

 It is all part  of the Prime Minister's big idea for a big society.

 But if the  economy remains weak the private sector may struggle to help those  with big problems.

 And now with today's sport, here's  Olly Foster.

 All of today's football results to  come, but we'll start with rugby union, because Wales have got their  first win in almost a year, after victory in Scotland.

 In the day's  other Six Nations match, England scored eight tries against Italy,  with Chris Ashton going over for half of them at Twickenham.

 But  Ashton doesn't just go over the Ashton doesn't just go over the  line.

 Here's Kevin Gearey.

 This was the match when England probably  convinced even themselves that the compelling brand of rugby they are  seeking to play really does work.

 They got the perfect start as Chris  Ashton sprintsed clear to score with a swallow dive he was warned  not to repeat.

 Italy stayed in touch for a while, but once Mark  Cueto ended his drought the outcome was never in doubt.

 Mike Tindall  also went over before half time.

 It was only a question of how big the  winning margin would be.

 Dynamic with ball in hand England were  pretty much unstoppable.

 Ashton's third try confirming their complete  spear orti.

 Ashton earned his place in the  record books as the first Englishman to score four tries in a  match since 1914.

 The second slam dunk even had his manager smiling.

  At Murrayfield Wales took on Scotland as underdogs, a billing  their coach said they liked.

 They too got the ideal start as James  Hook sent over the prolific Shane Williams.

 But Scotland were  lamentable.

 When Lee Byrne was sin binned they were up for 13 but  bungled every opportunity.

 More errors opening the way for Williams  to seal a restorative Welsh victory.

 There were eight matches in the  Premier League today, not quite the glut of goals that we saw last  weekend, but Match of the Day has them all after the news.

 So if you  don't want the results now, you Manchester United are still four  points clear at the top of table, thanks to Wayne Rooney's stunning  overhead winner against Manchester City.

 He says it's the best goal  he's ever scored.

 United won 2-1 at Old Trafford.

 Arsenal are still  second, but four points clear of third-placed City.

 Robin van Persie  scored both Gunners goals as they beat Wolves 2-0.

 And West Ham came  from 3-0 down to draw 3-3 at West Brom.

 Demba Ba scored twice.

 The  point lifts the Hammers off the Rangers are two points behind  Celtic with a game in hand after

 Welcome to Reporting Scotland.

  Tonight on your national news.

 The Amazon revolution - the  internet retailer brings nearly an extra thousand jobs to Scotland.

  A big rise in the number of flu deaths here, with the winter total  now standing at 27 but health chiefs say it's not unusual.

 Of off  the dead is that are being reported are people who were tested positive  of the virus but did not necessarily die because of flu.

  Also in the programme: Fears that history may lose its place as a  stand-alone subject by becoming too parochial.

  And failing to register - why one of the country's top rugby players  could miss out on the Six Nations championship.

 One of the world's  leading on-line retailers - Amazon - today announce it is to create  nearly a thousand new jobs in Scotland.

 750 of them will be at 10  new distribution centre in Dunfermline.

 The First Minister  says it is a welcome boost for the Scottish economy.

  A few clicks and the on-line shopping bonanza continues to buck  the gloomy retail trend of the high street.

 Only 15 years ago Amazon  Again selling books on-line.

 Now it holds a commanding position in  retail.

 The plan is to close the plant at Glenrothes and move its 80  staff to a much larger one at Dunfermline.

 That fulfilment centre  will employ 750 more staff and should be operating by the end of  this year.

 From Fife to the Clyde, Amazon's Gourock distribution  centre already has four and an 40 workers and will get another two  hunted.

 When there are peaks of demand, they could take up to  another 1,500 temporary staff.

 It is a big investment - nearly £9  million of government investment and a lot of confidence in the  Scottish work for.

 We have a proven track record with their facilities  in Gourock and Glenrothes.

 We know they're good people available and a  good infrastructure.

 This combination means that Scotland is  an obvious choice.

 This is an amazing announcement because we all  know that on-line delivery and fulfilment is one of the fastest  growing businesses on earth.

 Everyone knows who Amazon is.

 My  wife purchases from Amazon and she is delighted.

 We're delighted for  the people around the country who will get jobs.

 My wife is even more  pleased she would get her staff from Scotland.

 This is incredible  for all Amazon customers and for the whole Scotland.

 Proceeding to  the on line checkout from paperbacks to electronic goods, the  Amazon price model is changing the way we shop.

 It is wreaking havoc  for some in the more traditional retail outlets.

 But it means a lot  of jobs are in the post.

 Meanwhile, the Finance Secretary  has been telling supermarket bosses that Scotland is a competitive  place to do business.

 Despite setting up plans to tax them more.

  John Swinney held a meeting in Edinburgh to discuss the larger  retailers levy which would charge a supplement on top of the business  rate and could bring in £30 million of.

 But the supermarkets say in his  new investments and job creation at risk.

 We feel that it is unfair and  he has penalise a particular sector.

 We are being penalised for success.

  We want to continue to grow and invest in Scotland and we made that  clear to the cabinet secretary today.

 The levy is an essential  part of our budget to make sure we can raise more revenue to support  public services.

 The reason for that is we are suffering such huge  cuts in public expenditure from the UK Government.

  There has been a sharp rise in the number of flu deaths in Scotland.

  17 people died in the past week - more than during the whole of the  winter so far.

 The Scottish government insists the total number  of deaths is still normal for this time of year.

 Our health  correspondent joins me now.

 In what sense is this normal? Let us look  at the figures for this week.

 Just to recap - there had been 17 deaths.

  That brings the total to 27 in Scotland.

 In the last week we have  had another 55 people admitted to intensive care.

 Doctors are saying  that although these figures are sound alarming, we should not panic  because we are still within a relatively stable of flu period.

 It  is not reflecting what is happening in the community.

 They say that if  anything, Scotland may be over reporting some of these deaths.

 We  are counting everyone who has the virus - even if there was not  actually the cause of their death.

 Even if there were underlying  problems which actually caused their death.

 They death that we are  reporting our people have tested positive for the virus but not  necessarily died as a result of the flu.

 They might have acquired the  virus because they had their ill from other conditions.

 It could be  the other condition which is the prime cause of death.

 So, it is not  out of line for a normal flu season what we are seeing.

  Yesterday there was a distressing story about a healthy three-year-  old who had died in England and that has led to calls to vaccinate  children's of that age.

 Any move on that call? It is understandable  that parents will be worried.

 The fact it made the news shows how  unusual it is.

 In Scotland, we have had no deaths in the under 15 his  age group.

 Tens of thousands have been infected with swine flu.

 If we  look at the vaccination rate, the number of people at risk of  complications who have been vaccinated has now risen to a  healthy figure - a 50 %.

 That is good because it means there is a  good level of immunity in the community.

 If we decided to  vaccinate children, by the time we had got the vaccination programme  rolling, there is a good chance this current outbreak would be over.

  Some say it could be over within the next month.

 Next week's figures  will be all-important because they will tell us whether Scotland will  really escape some of the scenes we have seen in England.

  Thank you.

 Still to come up - we visit a North Sea oil rig as the  offshore industry says it wants to halt the drift of graduates to the  renewables sector.

 Sir Tom Jones prepares to join  1,500 other acts performing in Glasgow's Celtic Connections  festival.

 And in sport - how one of  Scotland's best rugby players is in risk -- is at risk of missing the  Six Nations.

 And the latest instalment of a Celtic's argument  with the SFA.

 The family and friends of RAF  Lossiemouth's 14 Squadron have been at the base today, welcoming back  their loved ones from their latest tour in Afghanistan.

 They have  spent the last three months providing air support in the  conflict against the Taleban but the return comes amid a battle back  Our reporter is in The family and friends of RAF Lossiemouth's 14  Squadron have been at the base today, welcoming back their loved  ones from their latest tour in Afghanistan.

 They have spent the  last three months providing air support in the conflict against the  Taleban but the return comes amid a battle back here to save the  facility.

 Tonight.

 This is Britain's busiest fast jet based so  it is no surprise that the squadrons are playing a key role in  the conflict in Afghanistan.

 While 14 Squadron may have come home from  that conflict tonight, the battle to retain his ear station is  intensifying.

 Touching down on the runway - more than 100 crew from 14  Tornado squadron are back home again.

 Providing air support for  ground troops in Afghanistan is a vital role in the war against  Afghan -- against the Taliban.

 Having the ability to strike as  well as watch is what makes ear per special in Afghanistan.

 Who we  managed to save a lot of coalition lives and it is confident to know  that we can support them in that way.

 The threat to RAF The family  and friends of RAF Lossiemouth's 14 Squadron have been at the base  today, welcoming back their loved ones from their latest tour in  Afghanistan.

 They have spent the last three months providing air  support in the conflict against the Taleban but the return comes amid a  battle back here to save the facility.

 Had only become clear  after the Squadron were deployed to Afghanistan.

 They say that when the  at in the theatre, nothing deflects them from the task in hand.

 We love  the local region of The family and friends of RAF Lossiemouth's 14  Squadron have been at the base today, welcoming back their loved  ones from their latest tour in Afghanistan.

 They have spent the  last three months providing air support in the conflict against the  Taleban but the return comes amid a battle back here to save the  facility.

.

 We would love to buy a house here and settle here.

 My  daughter is starting primary-school in Ont -- in August and it is such  a shame that schools might be closed because we are not here.

  did not want to talk about it while he was over there.

 We will have to  wait and see what is happening now.

 Having spent the festive season in  the war zone minus 14 Squadron are heading for some well deserved rest  and recuperation.

 While the crew of 14 Squadron might  be back home, another to needle Squadron has already replace them  in Afghanistan.

 Later this year the famous Dambusters Squadron, also  based here, we'll be going out to it Afghanistan as well.

 14 Squadron  say they are pleased with the success of their mission but they  know they still have a battle to wage here at home.

  The BBC has learned that the referendum on a new voting system  for Westminster and might not take place as planned on the same day as  the Scottish Parliament elections.

 There is a list -- there is a risk  that scrutinising the legislation in House of Lords could force the  coalition government to delay the May 5th referendum.

 Many MSPs will  be pleased because the date clashes with the Holyrood elections.

  A report into the teaching of history wards it must not become  too narrow or parochial.

 The Royal Society of Edinburgh also says that  after the introduction of the curriculum for excellence, there is  a risk that history will lose his place as a stand on subject.

 The  education minister says those fears are groundless.

 -- stand alone at  subject.

 This lesson at a school in Edinburgh is using the current day  politics to help understand 1930s Germany.

 These 40 a pupils all  chose to study history at Standard grade level.

 There are lots of  different topics.

 There is a lot about Hitler.

 Their six year  mentors agony.

 I have obviously covered a lot of history is well  like the American civil war work and Britain before the first world  war.

 A new curriculum for excellence will concentrate on  social sciences rather than distinct subjects.

 Experts fear  history could be marginalised.

 concern is that that should be good  and strong history and not muddy history, if you like.

 That is a  danger of losing that if you do not retain the integrity of the  discipline.

 The key findings of the report are concerned that history  will be diluted under the curriculum for excellence.

 While  Scottish history is important for every pupil, teaching should not  become narrow or parochial.

 This history class is about the Weimar  Republic and the period running up to the Second World War.

 This class  is on the been studying the subject for the past two weeks.

 The report  says that in some cases this subject would be studied all the  way through to exams, meaning -- pupils will not get the break of  history they need.

 The Scottish government says the new curriculum  will improve the teaching of history.

 I hope people who are  criticising the report will take the opportunity to come into  schools and see history getting tot and will see their fears are  groundless.

 Whether what the minister says will be realised, can  only be seen in the future.

 Some of the other stories across  Scotland this Thursday.

 Doctors are advising teenagers are no been to  make sure there vaccinated against mumps after an outbreak of the  infection in the town.

 Around 50 cases have been identified in the  past two weeks.

 The outbreak has mostly affected people in their  teens and twenties.

 It is still not known if an elderly  woman was in her home when it was devastated by fire last night.

  Investigators have been unable to enter the burned-out cottages near  the village of Fettercairn in Aberdeenshire because it is unsafe.

  The woman who lived there has not been traced and it is not known if  she was inside at the time.

 A 79 year-old lollipop lady is in a  critical condition in hospital after being struck by a single-  decker bus in Ayr.

 The schools crossing patrol officer was hit by  the bus in Hillfoot Road this morning.

 She is being treated for a  serious head injury in Ayr Hospital.

 No children were on the road at the  Scotland's offshore sector says it needs to rebuild its reputation to  halt the drift of graduates preferring to pursue a career in  renewable energy.

 The industry body Oil and Gas UK blames the damage  being caused by attacks from environmental groups and  governments.

 Our reporter has been given rare access to a rig in the  North Sea.

 The 100 miles off shore east of  Aberdeen, engineers are battling all an element -- all elements to  keep a constant supply of this stuff.

 This woman overseas  production here.

 With 30 years of her working life ahead of her, she  has no plan of sifting into renewables.

  Renewables is an important part but oil and gas still has a huge part  to play.

 I am confident I could see the rest of my career here within  the oil and gas industry in the North Sea.

  It is an industry under constant attack.

 Here, in 2010, Greenpeace  activists.

 It is often referred to as the  Dirty industry, with fossil fuels referred to as the energy of  yesterday and renewables as being the future.

 Now, oil and gas are  hitting back.

 They biggest fear is which career  ladder of new graduates are planning to climb.

 The industry  experts say there is a death to renewables, and much of the reason  is that oil companies are not doing what they can.

 -- a drift.

  We would like to see what we can do together with the industry to  improve matters.

 Over the horizon, there is a lot of  activity.

 It is important that we defend and  protect the reputation of the industry.

 It is fundamental to the  economic security of the UK.

 It provides jobs for nearly half a  million people in the UK.

 200,000 of those jobs are in Scotland.

  Greenpeace says the industry is trying to hold Britain back but oil  firms the day's major problems of this drift of schools continues.

 --  drift of skills.

 Scotland's biggest winter music  festival Celtic Connections is getting under way this evening.

 Sir  Tom Jones is just one of some 1,500 performers who will take part over  the next two-and-a-half weeks.

 Our This is the grassroots stuff that  Celtic Connections does best.

 Piping is a familiar sound in India  thanks to the Scottish regiments.

 In the northern mountains of India  and Pakistan, there is a tradition of Piper's, people who play pie per  music with the drums and stuff, like over here.

 That has filter  into India as well.

 There are some musical skills that are similar.

  Among be 1,500 performers taking part in the festival in the next 18  days, Sir Tom Jones.

 His Celtic connection, as well as being the  world's most famous Welsh man, his gospel music.

  You could arguably trace gospel singing back to the Western Isles.

  It is fantastic for us to have these acts.

 Tom Jones is doing his  album.

 It is a good team.

 It is people prepared to travel to  Glasgow in the dead of winter that continue to make the festival.

  My sister lives here so I heard that Glasgow would be a place that  I can visit, and I am glad to be here to see all of the back bikers  and staff.

 It makes you glad to be alive.

  It is a good time of year.

 This festival brings a bit of light  From Celtic Connections to Celtic's frustrations.

  I like that.

 They will be lasting a lot longer than Celtic Connections,  I would wager.

 There row with the SFA's shows no sign of coming to an  end.

 Less than 24 hours after ESFA President was criticising Celtic,  they have plunged another protest about their controversial draw with  Hamilton last night.

 -- launched.

 The latest protest follows the  decision to send this man off.

 Our Celtic on the end of some dodgy  decisions? You never going to a game thinking  there is injustice, do just hope you perform well.

 I think that is  the way we approach every game.

 That sending off was not the only  controversial incident.

 Hamilton went ahead through a header, but  there appeared to be a call for offside.

  A penalty levelled things later on.

 Before that, there was a booking  for diving in the box.

 The controversy is will do little to  help build bridges following critical statements between Celtic  and SF a's President.

 There have been statements don't  abound, and every time a statement is issued, the other one bite back.

  It would be best for all concerned, given what has happened, it will be  good when the SFA president retires.

 Rangers have not given up hope of  keeping Kenny Miller at their club.

 Publicly, Miller has yet to decide  where his future lies.

 Birmingham City are still optimistic of  attracting him into the English Premier League.

 He has not rejected  any offers anywhere else because he will not want to do that until he  is sure.

 Are you confident?  I do not like to say yes because I have seen so much disappointment in  the past.

 There have been some deals  concluded in Scotland today.

 Kilmarnock have signed the French  midfielder Benjamin Laurant.

 Craig Brown's Aberdeen have brought in  Robert Milsom from Fulham.

 Brown will also be reunited at Pittodrie  with the Blackburn striker Nick Blackman, who had a successful loan  spell under him at Motherwell in the first half of the season.

  The south of Scotland club Threave Rovers Scottish Cup dream is over.

  Their 15 times postponed third- round tie against Stenhousemuir was  eventually played last night and they lost 5-1 to the second  division side who will play Stranraer in the next round.

 That  was two of the goals, both pretty Like any romance, the romance of  the Cup does not always end well.

 One of Scotland's best players  could miss this year's Six Nations competition because of an  administrative error.

 Glasgow Warriors forgot to register Johnnie  Beattie to play for them in the rest of their European Cup matches  this season and there are fears that could cost him his place in  the national squad.

 Our rugby reporter has more.

  It is easy to see why Johnnie Beattie is so important to his  country.

 Now back playing after injury, his side's well on their  opening match against France.

 An administrative either means that he  cannot play in the Heineken Cup and he needs games to get fit.

  There seems to have been a mistake over who was responsible.

 The coach  of the Chief Executive should have known, but they did not, and they  thought they could now register him now that he was fit and back.

 When  they went to do so, they were told they could not.

  A lack of games could cost his -- could cost him a place in the game  against France.

 He has to play at that level of  rugby for a club that is police the professional game, but if that is a  level to get him into the team, he will find out.

  He will play for clubs idea to try to secure his immediate future in  international rugby.

 He knows what to expect if he was  asked into that first game against France or Wales, second up, but he  needs to get that rustiness out of the way.

  Rugby fans across the country hoping for a successful Six Nations  will want more tries like this from a fit Johnnie Beattie.

  The festive period is being extended in a West Coast village  back to Edberg taking up residence in the community Christmas tree.

 --  a birds.

 The authorities in Mallaig have decided to leave the outdoor  tree standing while there is activity around a nest on one of  the branches.

 A blackbird and a dove have been spotted around the  tree but no sign of any French hens You will notice a thought in this  past few days, but we will still have showers across the West of  Scotland.

 They will gather force tonight, with prolonged showers  towards not Argyle.

 Any rain that is for the East will tend to be  lighter.

 Afresh or a strong easterly wind across the Northern  Isles but it lighter went elsewhere.

 Tomorrow we'll start cloudy and the  rain will clear fairly quickly.

 It will brighten up fairly quickly.

  The showers will fall across western parts of Scotland.

  Particularly towards the Galloway crossed and Kintyre.

 For the North  West, it should start to dry up towards north coasts, with  brightness for Orkney and it will be dull with outbreaks of rain for  Shetland.

 Plenty of sunshine in the North East tomorrow afternoon and  that is the case across eastern Scotland.

 Temperatures around 89  degrees at best.

 For the rest of the day, the shy worse in the West  will become fewer and lighter.

 -- These showers.

 Boss south-westerly  winds will remain fresh.

 Here is a familiar sight.

 At deep area of low  pressure in the Atlantic bringing wet and windy weather.

 The rain  will be heavy at times, across more Western in a as.

 A strong south-  westerly wind across the country.

 On Sunday, we will lose the strong  winds and plenty of showers across western and northern parts.

  Temperatures 8 or nine degrees but not as windy.

  Now a summary of tonight's top stories: one of the world's leading  online retailers Amazon has said it will create nearly 1,000 new jobs  in Scotland.

 750 of them will be at a new  distribution centre in Dunfermline.

 Torrential rain and mud slides in  Brazil have claimed that -- have claimed to the lives of 250 people.

  The death toll is expected to rise significantly.

  Flood levels in the Australian state of Queensland have peaked and  the state's premiere says that the clean-up operation will be like  recovering from a war.

 25 people have died including a boy who told  rescuers to rescue his brother

 Thank you.

 A reminder of the main  Welcome to Reporting Scotland.

 Tonight: Welcome to Reporting  Scotland.

 The Education Secretary, Mike Russell defends his role in  the row over school closures in Argyll.

  Proposals to test for reading writing and arithmetic but this  time it's for teachers not children.

 Getting the red carpet treatment,  we meet the Fife film fan who's become a Hollywood awards regular.

  To actually see the people that you only dream about, it is amazing and  it gives you a buzz.

 You keep saying, I will that go back, but I  do always go back.

 And later in the programme: The SFA  and Celtic clash over discipline as Scottish football's top man  launches a scathing attack on the The Education Secretary Mike  Russell has accused political opponents of attempting to smear  him.

 In a personal statement to parliament this evening he rejected  complaints that he interfered in a schools closure programme in Argyll,  the seat he's fighting at May's Holyrood elections.

 But tonight his  opponents said he needed to apologise.

 This from our political  editor Brian Taylor.

 But is playtime at this primary  school.

 This was one of 25 schools listed for closure or merger.

 It  was a worry for parents.

 For Mike Russell, he was contesting the seat  at the Holyrood collections, he advised councillors to dump the  plan.

 He warned of political damage from the close Japan, while noting  that 89 schools could be closed with minimal difficulty.

 School  closures can end up with the Scottish Government if the process  is questioned but other parties say the minister overstepped the mark.

  He has no business interfering in the internal affairs of Argyll and  Bute Council.

 We need an apology from the Education Secretary.

 He  has been caught meddling in local authority decisions which he would  ultimately have the responsibility for reviewing.

 If there is a  contradiction in what he has said and what he has done, it is  possible that could be an issue for resignation.

  Mike Russell said he had only offered advice and was assured that  the issue would not come to him in his must ministerial role.

  If I am a proud defender of our rural schools in Argyll and Bute  and across Scotland and I have acted with propriety.

  Here, they do not care about political intrigue.

 They just want  to save the school.

 We hope that in view of the new  consultation process, the council will use more sensible criteria.

  is a blunt instrument that achieves little under way of genuine savings.

  They have to look at other ways of cutting back rather than this.

  This issue will loom large at the coming elections.

  Was bad enough to get him off the hook?  I think so.

 It was a confident performance by him and I believe  the SNP are confident that the issue was crushed.

 It arises again  in two ways.

 The parliamentary debate tomorrow about educational  provision in Scotland.

 And in Argyll, they are still reviewing  the school be state and the council will come up with alternative plans.

  This is about numbers.

 25 schools in the original closure proposal,  and the millions of pounds required to be saved across Scotland.

 There  is.

.

.

 BBC Scotland has learned that would  be teachers could face tests of their own combatants in reading,  writing and numbers.

 That is one of the recommendations of an inquiry  into teacher training due tomorrow.

 Here is our education correspondent.

  Research indicates that children might struggle to follow staff  elsewhere.

 There is say called to test applicants to teacher-training  who struggle with basic numeracy and literacy.

 There is a plea for  the training itself to be beefed up.

 I do not think it is adequately  done and that the staff at university level are in place to do  that.

 Universities say do real danger is  is -- is that tests will drive a way great teachers.

  Within 30 weeks', you expect a graduate to be able to teach  reading to five-year-olds, and ten weeks, teaching or most adolescents  in primary seven, maths, science, music and PE.

  There has to be money available in schools to pay for teachers in  schools to supervised trainee teachers.

 We are in a period of  financial stringency are so that money has to come from somewhere  which unavoidable means transferring money, from  universities to schools, which will be politically controversial.

  This company hopes teaching will be less favourable.

  We need someone who can keep a time sheet, a reader report, a bit  instructions of what they will be doing with chemicals.

.

.

  Anything more than just a tinker with teacher training will  undoubtedly upset groups like teacher leaders and the  universities that to most of the training.

 The big question is if  the political parties are willing to risk that unpopularity.

  You are watching Reporting Scotland.

 Still to come: But the red carpet  treatment.

 We meet the Fife film fanatic who  is off to Hollywood to see the stars at the Golden Globe awards.

  And the SFA's president is having a go at Celtic.

 And we will have  reaction from last night's Scottish Cup matches.

  We told you yesterday about speculation about a Royal wedding  in Edinburgh this summer - that of Zara Phillips and her fiance Mike  Tindall.

 This evening it seems that preparations are beginning to be  made in the capital.

 Our correspondent Glenn Campbell is in  Edinburgh for us.

 What more can you tell us?  It seems increasingly likely tonight that this old, humble  church could well be the scene for a royal wedding here on Edinburgh's  Royal Mile on 30th July, this year.

 It will be three weeks -- three  months after Prince William ties the knot with Kate Middleton at  Westminster Abbey.

 This church seems to be the favoured venue of  the wedding of the Queen's grand daughter has are fill-ups and the  England rugby star.

 The diary for this church has been cleared to  make such an event possible and I fear that tonight some of the  Scottish authorities are preparing to meet within days with the Royal  Household to draw up firm plans for a wedding on that date.

 It looks  like the other royal wedding could well be held here in Edinburgh this  summer.

 Some of the other stories.

 Celtic  winger Paddy McCourt is the latest Northern Irish football at the club  to be sent bullets in the post.

 Sorting office staff in Glasgow  discovered the ammunition inside a package.

 It comes days after  bullets intended for manager Neil Lennon and player Niall McGinn when  intercepted in County Antrim.

 An elderly man has died following  an early morning house fire in Dundee.

 Emergency services were  called to a block of flats in the city's Adamson's Court after the  blaze broke out on the 14th floor.

 The man in his 80s died at the  scene.

 An investigation is underway.

 The UK transport secretary has  ruled out a high-speed rail line running from London to Scotland for  at least 20 to 30 years.

 Philip Hammond met today with the leaders  of Glasgow and Edinburgh city councils who fear Scotland will  suffer economically unless the The way our police and fire  services are run could be about to change.

 The Justice Secretary Kenny  MacAskill today outlined proposals which could lead to a single police  service and a single fire authority as ministers look at saving money  without hitting frontline services.

 How did this go down at Holyrood?  Kenny MacAskill says a single fire service and a single police service  is not an option.

 He says there is a compelling case for a single fire  service and a strong case for a single police force.

 That indicates  that he is convinced that changes necessary for the fire service,  less convinced for the police service.

 He is putting off  proposals out to consultation, a consultation that will last three  months.

 Labour and the Tory party back him  in the move to a single force for the fire service.

 Liberal Democrats  say they were disappointed that local communities will suffer.

  COSLA it says that it appears the Scottish Government has already  made up its mind.

 It says that 4,000 jobs will go in the Scottish  police service and the Scottish fire service is performing well so  there is no need for change.

 Picking up on what COSLA say, you  say it is a consultation but is it a done deal?  As much as the Labour and Conservative parties are for it.

  The consultation will continue until just after the Scottish  elections in May, so it will be up to the new government to pick up  the ball.

 Salmon from Scotland's sea lochs  are on their way to Chinese kitchens for the first time.

  Beijing has today given its approval for fish imports, though  elsewhere overseas trade from Scotland is continuing to struggle.

  Exports matter a lot these days.

 Consumers have less spending power,  and so does government, so the key place to look for growth is in  selling to foreigners.

 Today, we got evidence that's not going so  well.

 While UK exports in the third quarter of last year were up  slightly, manufactured goods sold by Scottish companies fell - by  only a little, but still the wrong direction.

 One of the stronger  sectors has been food and drink - notably whisky, but also fish  farming, and it's just got access to a giant new market.

  The king of fish, it used to be a luxury but it is almost a staple of  the British diet.

 Scotland is the world's third-biggest producer of  Atlantic salmon and only today it got into the world's biggest  potential market.

 Scottish salmon will grace tables throughout China  in the best restaurants, and that is fantastic news for the Scottish  economy and a great development for relations between time and Scotland.

  Although much of this is Norwegian owned, access to this market should  be good news for Scotland.

 All companies are interested in  expanding in line with the market demands.

 Companies have big plans  to do more than Scotland and this will enhance that opportunity  further.

 A delegation already brought a  flurry of deals with China this week.

 Two pandas for Edinburgh as  to.

 It has been a bumper start for the Falkirk bus builder here.

 It  won a New Zealand order for 120 bosses.

 Today, Stagecoach placed an  There are at least some firms starting the year strongly.

 Here is  one company that has a partial reprieve.

 Alex Salmond has welcomed  the deal the keep open an Argyll factory which earths are made to  secure its future.

 Skykon Cambeltown went into administration  last week, after its Danish owners filed for bankruptcy.

 One of its  big customers see mens is to help keep it open and staff will return  to work tomorrow.

 The administrators are still hoping to  find a buyer.

 Let us get the sports news in full.

 Good evening.

 Well  relations between Celtic and the Scottish Football Association  haven't been the best of late and they are getting worse.

 That is  because the SFA President is criticising the club for  questioning a disciplinary ban imposed by the association on Neil  Lennon.

 We have been following this story.

 We are live from Hampden.

  What is going on Chris? As you say relationships, the relationship  between Celtic and the SFA of late has been frosty, absolutely no sign  of a thaw this evening.

 Yesterday, the Celtic manager Neil Lennon was  hand add six match ban, two for being sent aev off in the game  against Hearts last year, and a further four for excessive  misconduct.

 Celtic were far from happy.

 They released a statement  last night.

 Once again call for an SFA shake-up, looking for things  like procedural shake-up.

 Now this evening the SFA President George  Pete fired straight back with his own statement, saying Celtic's  policy of airing their views in public is becoming tiresome, he  also said given Celtic's calls for transparency it was ironic that the  statement was not attributed to anyone and in a final swipe, he  said perhaps Celtic should devote more time to their own  responsibilities and discipline, rather than questioning others.

  Celtic are refusing to comment on this, they will say nothing, but  this goes back to a long running feud, probably going back to the  feud when MacDonald the rev re-was sacked.

 This a new twist in the  tale.

 I think you can predict there will be more to come.

 Thank you  very much.

 More news,concerning Celtic because the Norway  international Erik Huseklepp is reported on the willing to forego  the £180,000 owed to him by SK Brann.

 Discussion between the  leaders and the player's representatives are continuing.

  Derek mechanic in necessary says he hasn't been approach by Burnley to  be their new boss.

 He is thought to be one of the name tons the  shortlist.

 He has just guided his current charges to the fifth round  of the Scottish Cup.

 -- dins e.

 Peter MacDonald's goal earned saint  swron son a place in the last 16.

 There is every indication their  manager will be round, saying he is unaware of any interest from  Burnley.

 I have had no contact.

 I have a good relationship with my  chairmanment he would be the first to tell me if they had contacted  him.

 I enjoyed it tonight and hopefully we can have a cup run  this season.

 No cup run for 2008 finalist Queen of the South this  year.

 First Division side stung at home by Brechin city.

 The Second  Division club face east sterling or Bucky thistle.

 One thing we won't  do is underestimate any of the two teams.

 We will do our homework,  hopefully come the date when the tie is due to be played we will go  for it.

 It is a winnable tie.

 They will be saying same things.

  closure for Falkirk or Partick Thistle.

 The First Division clubs  will have to replace for -- replay for the right to play St Johnstone  in the fifth round.

 Now here is a wee Scottish Cup trivia question  for you, who was supposed to started a cup tie playing for one  team but has and r ended up managing the opposition.

 Stumped?  Willy Johnson has the answer and an explanation hopefully.

 Last  November, Davey irRons help his team draw in the Third Round of the  cup.

 At 49 years and five months he celebrated by the oldest man to  play in the competition.

 Now another record.

 As a manager, he is  suddenly plotting their down fall in the same tie.

 Snow and ice put  the replay off 15 times in eight weeks.

 In the interim Stenhousemuir  sacked their former boss and appointed Davey Irans.

 He will be  under fire when he takes his new team to castle Douglas.

 One way of  looking at it I'm in a no lose situation.

 I will have something to  do with whoever wins.

 It will be difficult, it will be slightly  awkward, and I know the three boys well and they have been good to me,  and I have enjoyed my time at the club.

 I wish them the best.

  leave's feelings about this are as black at their plastic pitch  protection.

 They have asked the SFA to investigate the circumstances of  Iran's departure.

 Rover's manager is circumspect Davey has been  standing beside me now he will be managing against me.

 I have to get  the boys fired up, which won't take a lot of fire.

 The team talk should  be easy, the boys will be fired up because of what happened The covers  are off.

 Meadow park de-- defrosted but it could take a while before  relations fully thaw out between the team and their former player  coach.

 Tonight could be interesting.

 No-one seems to be getting along  but you can hear how both sides get on as well as keeping up-to-date on  the Premier League matches.

 That is Celtic against Hamilton and Dundee  United against Motherwell by listening to Sportsound.

 Wait until  after this show before tuning in! Finally Stephen Hendry is out of  the Masters Snooker.

 He has won it on six previous occasion, the  former world number one stumbled at the first hurdle this time round,  losing by six frame s to Neil Robertson in a first round match in  London.

 That is the sport tonight.

 The project to build a branch of  the world famous Victoria & Albert Museum in Dundee is to get under  way later this year.

 Culture Minister Fiona Hyslop was in the  city to announce that the Government will commit nearly £5  million over the next two years.

 It will allow detailed design work to  begin planned for the Dundee waterfront.

 Further after feel and  the 68th Golden Globes are presented in LA on Sunday.

 Kelly  Macdonald has been nominated for a Best Supporting Actress award for  her role in Boardwalk Empire but one dedicated family from Fife  leaves tomorrow for her space on the red carpet.

 That is myself with  Dennis Quaid.

 Moray o Moira Frazer is hooked.

 Star spotting has become  a passion.

 For over a decade she has been paying for a space by the  led carpet to watch the star rive at the Golden Globes.

 I booked a  holiday with my friend to go over, we stayed tat Beverley Hilton.

 We  knew they were taking place and we thought we would do a bit of star  spotting and we found out that the hotel had seats, like a fan area,  the fans could be on at the red carpet, it just started from there.

  You got the buzz and I have been going for 11 years.

 She saved  religiously for this annual pilgrimage.

 She has the chance to  meet celebritys in the lobby.

 Johnny Depp t crowd go mental.

  George Clooney plays up to the crowd.

 Everybody you can imagine  comes here, because with it being the first show of the awards season,  everybody is out promoting themselves.

 While A-list stars are  her favourite.

 She is patriotic Kelly Macdonald she has been  nominated under Boardwalk Empire.

 Craig Ferguson and Gerard Butler  are voices in How to Train your Dragon.

 It will be good if there  are Scottish people on the carpet this year.

 Critics maybe concern  bud Moira defends her hobby.

 To see the people you only dream about,  it is amazing, it gives you a buzz, that is why you keep on saying I  I'm not going to go back but I find myself going back.

 Heading for the  Golden Globes on Sunday, where at least this Scot will be happy to  come away with only photos.

 And a come away with only photos.

 And a  Good evening.

 There was a contrast in temperatures across Scotland  today.

 We got own to a balmy ten and 11 towards the west coast, as  well as the islands.

 Most came in round seven or eight but parts of  the North East struggled.

 It is in the North East that temperatures  are dropping close freezing, so here dry, clear and cold with the  risk of frost and ice.

 Elsewhere it will tend to cloud over quickly and  we will see rain spilling across the country, become bg heavy and  persistent.

 Akm pan anyed by strengthening winds, temperatures  generally holding near three or four degrees.

 So for tomorrow it  will be a dull and damp start to the day.

 Further outbreaks of rain.

  It will work its way North East ward and they pull up to the north  coast, and the northern isles so for most of us conditions will  improve.

 We will tend to see things dry up and there might even be a  bit of brightness.

 For much of western Scotland here we will tend  to hold on to cloudy skies and bursts of showery rain.

  Temperatures though are round eight to ten degree, above the seasonal  average.

 It is a similar picture in the north and west Highlands as  well as the Western Isles and the northern isles.

 The best of the  conditions will be found down eastern Scotland, in through more  race Aberdeenshire, all to all the way to the east borders.

 Some  brighter skies.

 Later in the day we will don't see the showery bursts  of rain feeding into southern and western distributes, with a fresh  south-westerly wind.

 Looking ahead to Friday and that unsettled by  mild picture is set to stick with us.

 We will tend to see a fresh to  strong south-westerly wind, bringing with it some showery  outbreaks to western distributes.

 It is in the east we will see the  best of the sunshine and temperatures peaking near eight or  nine degrees.

 Then for the weekend, well that unsettled theme is set to  well that unsettled theme is set to continue.

 It will be a touch cooler.

  The Education Secretary Mike Russell has accused political  opponent of attempting to smear him.

 He rejected complaints he tried to  block a school closure programme in Argyll.

 Tonight his opponents say  he needs to apologise.

 20,000 homes in Australia's third largest city  are likely to be evacuated as a huge surge of water spreads round  homes and city centre sky scrapers.

 Many distributes of Brisbane have  lost power and residents are bracing themselves from the worst.

  Prospective teachers could face test on their own competence before  being accepted to training institution that.

 Is one of the  recommendation into an entirery into teacher training.

 The family  of the man who shot dead six peel

 to up we off to Edinburgh.

  Good afternoon.

 The Egyptian military has bowed to respect all  international agreements including its peace treaty with Israel.

 The  army, now running the country, has begun dismantling barriers around  Tahrir Square in Cairo, but some activists are warning that they  will not leave until the armed forces agreed to hand over control  of the country to civilians.

 Egypt was dancing to a new tune  today.

 It sounds like freedom.

 Everyone in this square is dressed  in the bright colours of the new nation.

 Thousands of people drifted  -- drifted through the square.

 Each, keen to savour the moment.

 Many  brought their brim.

 In volunteer corps of cleaners.

 -- Bruma.

 We're  cleaning and reconstructing Egypt for a new base.

 This is freedom.

  bought a flat of freedom.

 I love this live now.

 -- I bought a flag.

  The new generation is paraded with pride.

 It was the aspirations of an  internet community, some who paid with their lives, that brought down  a dictator.

 For them, this is only the beginning.

 Those children, the  young people of Egypt, my daughter and my son, they are shaping the  future.

 If Egypt has a constitution, every country all round to will  apply to what has happened here.

 There is an opportunity for  immediate but not clearly defined process for what happens next.

  There is huge expectation and the failure to meet the demands of  these demonstrators, well, that will not be accepted.

  But right now, it is the ageing generals moving slowly into  position.

 Despite bowing to popular demand, the commanders of the  soldiers were less enthused by political reform.

 The army, too, is  waiting to a new Egypt.

 But in what direction will they take it?  -- is waiting.

 Over 30,000 riot police have been  deployed in the Algerian capital to prevent the testers -- protesters  gathering.

 Thousands of people poured into Algiers shouting anti-  government slogans, but police blocked off the centre and hundreds  of thought to have been arrested.

 Ken Clarke says the coalition will  face some political difficulty when the scale of the government cuts  hits the middle classes this year.

 In a newspaper interview, he said  the UK economy was in a calamitous state.

 Ross Hawkins has the details.

  He prides itself on straight- talking.

 No spin doctor would  describe the impending cuts like Ken Clarke.

 "Added not think Middle  England has quite taken on board -- I do not think.

 Little to soothe  worried voters.

 The Government says things are difficult but not as  difficult as Ken Clarke said.

 Labour's leader, visiting Cardiff,  did not miss his comments.

 I think Ken Clarke needs to wake up and  realised that the middle classes across Britain are already very  worried about the cuts and the impact they are having.

 That is why  we are seeing protests against the closures of local libraries.

 A word  from inside Number Ten is that they are relaxed about the Commons.

 But  they could have lived without today's headlines.

  Racing at Newbury had to be abandoned this afternoon after two  course has collapsed and died in a

 yourselves.

 See you next week.

 Take  18 months jail for the Bury MP who fiddled his expenses.

 He could be  free by May.

 People who voted for entrusted to him, and I do think he  deserves it.

 Good evening.

 Welcome to NorthWest  Tonight.

 I'm Gordon Burns.

 And I'm Ranvir Singh.

 Also in the  programme.

.

.

 High alert - every North West  hospital is advised to postpone routine operations to make way for  flu victims.

 And how about this for a holiday?  We will have more on the company that wants to take you to the final  frontier.

 My wife and I, are glad to welcome  used to this important.

.

.

 The King's Speech - meet the  Lancashire mill workers who became extras for a day.

 And Richard Askam  is at Anfield tonight where the fans are starting to see red.

  And joined the, one million miles from Sydney where it all began for  We have sent Tony off the pitch for that.

  Richard Askam is at Anfield for you, where fans are starting to see red.

  Yes, you could for give Liverpool fans for feeling a little confused.

  At one point it looked as though the club was searching for a new  manager.

 They are not, Roy Hodgson are still the boss and we will try  to make sense of it for you later in the programme.

  He was never a household name.

 But to many of his constituents, David  Chaytor was a hard working and respected MP.

 Tonight, though his  reputation and political career lie in ruins as he begins a jail  sentence for fiddling his expenses.

 The people of Bury, the town he  represented for more than a decade, say he has got what he deserved.

  But some feel the 18 month sentence is too lenient.

 They are likely to  be irritated to learn he could be actually out by next May.

 Our Chief  Reporter, Dave Guest, has the story.

 This statute remembers one of the  town's most famous sons, Sir Robert Peel, a mighty politician of the  past.

 David Chaytor will be forever remembered here as a politician who  was unmasked as a fraudster.

 He arrived in Parliament on the  Labour landslide of 1997.

 At The Bury Times, the Editor recalls him  as a constituency MP committed to many causes.

  He got involved at a community level, as well as issues of our  national nature.

 Then came the MPs' expenses scandal,  and Chaytor was accused of fraud.

 At first he protested his innocence,  then tried to argue his case should be dealt with in Parliament.

  Eventually he admitted his guilt before a criminal court.

 He had  swindled more than £22,000 out of the taxpayer.

 And today he was sent  to prison.

 Labour party officials in Bury were keeping a low profile.

  But the townsfolk were not shy about giving their reaction.

  The people who voted for him trusted him, and I do think he  deserves it.

 I think it is disgraceful.

 He  should have got more.

 He should be made an example will -  - an example of and be sent down for longer.

  Chaytor had claimed for rent supposedly paid on a London flat  which he actually owned.

 He claimed for renting a home in Bury which  belonged to his mother.

 And he claimed for non-existent IT support  services.

 In court, the prosecutor said David  Chaytor had used false documents to siphon money from the public purse.

  The judge sentenced him to 18 months.

 How will he cope behind  bars? One former MP had this take.

 The you will have to get into the  flow of understanding prison life.

 A lot of it will be down to his own  mentality.

 And it is unlikely he will be  unlocked after 18 months.

 He will Every hospital in the North West  has been asked to postpone routine operations so that staff can  concentrate on flu patients.

 They have also increased the number of  extra intensive care beds after the Strategic Health Authority asked  them to trigger special plans.

 With many GP surgeries also running low  on vaccine, the Health Authority has today carried out an audit of  the jab in order to move it between surgeries.

 Our health correspondent,  Laura Yates, is at Wythenshawe Hospital now.

  Laura, Callow's what kind of operations are being postponed?  Tell us what kind.

 Routine operations, things like hip  replacements, having your tonsils out or having a hernia repaired.

  These measures are a direct response to the pressures of the  flu.

 At Wythenshawe hospital they are under particular pressure.

 They  are the only hospital and the north-west to have specialist  equipment which takes the pressure of a heart and lungs of seriously  ill flu patients, which means more of them are being brought you.

  Staff are working extra hours and some have cancelled leave, and they  have cancelled all the routine operations.

 Some patients are being  sent to other hospitals for more serious surgical needs.

  As be revealed on North West Tonight a few nights ago, there are  issues with the vaccine with that surgeries running low on it or even  running out.

 Yes, we have spoken to surgeries in  Manchester, Cheshire, on the Wirral, in Liverpool and the Isle of Man  who say they are running out altogether.

 In Liverpool, this was  all the vaccine one surgery had left at this lunchtime.

 Two-year-  old Lewis Rose, who is diabetic, was one of the lucky ones and got  one of the last chance.

 There were 150 we bear initially  able to source, and they have gone.

 We are in the approaches of getting  extra provided by the PC tea, but that is limited stock, and our  practice manager is on the way to pick up at limited stock.

  Today, the strategic health authority carried out an audit of  who has the injection and who does not.

 The Government also said  yesterday that GPs can now give the swine flu jab from last year, that  just protect them from swine flu but it is still end date.

 If you  are a healthy adult and do not have underlying conditions, or a healthy  child, you do not need the jab, it is just four at risk groups will  stock I gather they are now asking people to help ease the pressure on  them.

 They are, it is the same message we  have been hearing all week, if you are a healthy adult and have flu,  stay at home and so did I would, if you have concerns call your GP or  call NHS Direct, do not go to your GP as all you will do is spread the  virus.

 There is plenty more on the A ballet teacher from Lytham has  been given a suspended prison sentence after pleading guilty to  abducting a 15-year-old male pupil.

 27-year-old Sarah Pirie ignored a  police order not to continue her inappropriate relationship with the  dancer, but committed a "serious breach of trust" when she gave him  a lift in her car a week after the ban.

  The Barrow built aircraft carrier, HMS Invincible, could end up on the  Mersey.

 A Hong Kong businessman based in Britain has bid £5 million  for the vessel in an online auction.

 Lam Kin-bong says he wants to turn  the former warship into a floating international school either in  China or in Liverpool.

 One week today we will know who the  new MP for Oldham East and Saddleworth is, the seat left empty  after Labour's Phil Woolas was forced to stand down for cheating  at the general election.

 It will be the first major electoral test for  the parties since the general election.

 Tonight we have the first  of three profiles of the main candidates.

 Our political editor,  Arif Ansari, has been speaking to the Liberal Democrat, Elwyn Watkins.

  It was the moment one election ended and another began to form.

  Elwyn Watkins believed Labour's Phil Woolas had lied about him.

 He  took it to court, determined to get justice.

  We are in the state we are because people walk away and do not  standing up for what is right.

 I am really unhappy with a lot of things  we are doing in this country.

 So, eight months on, the Lib Dems  have been selling Mr Watkins again.

 I would say that Elwyn Watkins is a  tough, plain-spoken, local candidate who would be an ideal,  tough MP in tough times.

 There is no doubt Elwyn Watkins is  now a better known political brand.

 But nationally politics has moved  on and voters may leave him on the shelf.

  The problem for the Lib Dems is how the context has changed in the  eight months since the general election.

 The Lib Dem campaign will  be about local issues and the local candidate, or rather than the  national candidate, as we know the standing nationally is a lot worse  than it was in 2010.

 Is there a danger Phil Woolas could  cost you the general election, and Nick Clegg costumes the by-  election? And not at all.

 Labour left us in  the biggest debt we have ever had in this country in my generation,  and they have not apologise or provided solutions or regret, but  only into the blame at the feet of the people trying to sort this out.

  The Lib Dems insist they are on course to win, but Elwyn Watkins  may be better remembered for ending someone's else's political career  Next week we will be looking at the Next week we will be looking at the  Labour and Conservative candidates.

 In total, ten people are standing  for election and voting takes place next Thursday.

 And the Politics  Show has a by-election special this weekend.

 All the main party  weekend.

 All the main party candidates will be appearing live.

  That's at 1:05pm on Sunday on BBC Still to come in North West  Tonight.

.

.

 The best England bowling  performance in Australia for over 50 years - Jimmy Anderson, our  Ashes hero.

 And from Lancashire weaver to  Hollywood divas - the day the mill Now it was quite a sight along the  quiet residential streets of Jurby yesterday when two Russian space  stations on the back of lorries were delivered to the Isle of Man.

  It is yet another sign of how far and how fast the island's space  industry is moving.

 The capsules are similar to the  International Space Station currently in orbit and a company on  the island will use the Russian ones for research and to  potentially send one of them into space with a passenger on board.

  If you fancy a trip it will cost you £35 million.

 Naomi Cornwell  No, no, no.

 It is happening now, and it is on our doorstep.

 Under  wraps for now, these two space stations are built to orbit the  Earth, but they are a little closer to home - swapping outer space for  an aircraft hanger in Jurby.

 They are of a similar design to those  used at the International Space Station and will be used for  research at first, but could eventually be sent into orbit.

 The  company that owns them one day hopes to sell trips to space.

  Experts say the idea is not that far-fetched.

  There is a long history of space tourism, right back to paramedic at  taking bookings for the first flight to the moon in the 1960s.

 --  Pan Am Airlines.

 The question is, are there enough of them prepared  to do it here in, you wrote, to make it economically viable.

  They say a week in orbit could be possible by 2013.

 The ticket price?  Just £35 million pounds.

 It may seem a distant dream, but the  island is boldly going where many have failed and has already  achieved lift off in the international space race.

 Last year  it was ranked as the fifth most likely nation to next plant its  flag on the moon, behind the US, China, Russia and India - but ahead  of the UK.

 For those interested in such a  holiday, or word of warning - it may not be comfortable.

  The space tourism experience is going to seem rather cramped  without the hotels we are used to.

 And for those who can't afford a  holiday that's out of this world there will be an opportunity for  the public to get a better look when they are opened up in a few  weeks.

 I could cope with cramped  conditions, I would not mind having a go.

 A you should start saving now,  then.

 We will have a whip round.

  Now with our Ashes hero and a manager on a sticky wicket, here is  Tony with the sport.

 At one point today it looked as  though Liverpool could be looking for a new manager.

 But after a day  of twists and turns Roy Hodgson is still there.

 His pre-match press  conference was cancelled but he took training and will be in charge  for Sunday's huge FA Cup tie at Old Trafford.

 So where does that leave  the Reds? Richard Askam is at Anfield.

  What have we learnt today? I think we can learn a lot from a  couple of things that did not happen.

 That press conference was  cancelled.

 It was to keep attention on the match, according to a senior  official.

 I think the fact they felt they had to do that tells its  own story.

 Soul, too, does the silents coming from the other side  of the Atlantic, Liverpool's corner, John Henry, no public backing from  him today for Roy Hodgson.

 Today he was not at training, these are  shots of Roy Hodgson coming away from training at Millward, just  down the road.

 He did I read that training session as well, he did  not give a press conference, but he did give an interview to the club's  television channel.

 He did not talk about his future, so we are none  the wiser.

 I just wanted to show you this, in the local press.

  Former Liverpool player Phil Thompson says it is time to end  Roy's reign at Anfield.

 Another Liverpool legend, Alan Kennedy,  disagrees with that.

 Tell me why you think he deserves more time.

  I do not think he had a fair crack at a blip.

 He is only been in the  job for six months.

 What has happened in that six months,  results have not gone well.

 Particularly the game against  Blackburn and the one against Wales.

 It has been disappointing.

  Nine defeats in the Premier League already, France Colin Firth and de  Gaulle, can he remain in the Premier League?  From my point of view, I hope so.

 When we appointed him we thought he  was the right man from the job -- for the job, a British man, a good  pedigree and everything was going right.

 It is a result scheme, they  have not come good, and let's see what happens on Sunday, first.

  You are close to the club, do you get a sense that the Liverpool  owners are actively seeking a new manager?  I do not know, but they are always -- have always got to be aware this  could happen.

 Do you think that process has been  accelerated over recent days? I do, I think performances have not  been good enough for Liverpool Football Club.

 The players will be  disappointed but they must put their hands up and see it is not  totally down to the manager.

 And if the result on Sunday goes  well do you think Roy Hodgson will still be the manager on Monday?  Personally added like to think so.

 We think he will be?  Nor, I do not think he will be.

 From Anfield, back to you, Tony.

  How big is the game on Sunday? I can't wait.

  Blackburn say they are still hopeful of signing the Brazilian  star Ronaldinho.

 It was reported that the former Barcelona and AC  Milan star was ready to join his home-town club Gremio.

 But that  deal has not gone through and Rovers' manager, Steve Kean, is now  expected to make a renewed attempt to bring him to Lancashire.

  Norwich have rejected an approach from Burnley for their manager Paul  Lambert.

 The Clarets are short- listing candidates following the  sacking of Brian Laws at the end of December.

 Norwich said they would  not give Burnley permission to talk, while Lambert has refused to  comment.

 Well, like many of you, we're a bit  red eyed here after another late night watching England win the  Ashes in Australia for the first time in a quarter of a century.

  Many eyes have been on Lancashire's Jimmy Anderson, leading wicket  taker with 24 and now a world master in the art of swinging, and  reverse swinging the ball.

 They call him the Burnley Express.

  One for Jenny Randerson, life will never get much better than this -  Ashes won a, a leading wicket taker for England, and the birth of a  It is all a far cry, a far, far cry from where it all began, here in  the middle at Burnley Cricket Club.

 He did is fantastic for the town,  the club and the lad himself.

 A Jimmy's party trick in a studio  is to disgraced -- disguised the trick in his left and, pass it to  his right and then deliver it.

 It fills the batsmen, but does it  fill the wicketkeeper? What was she like to face?  Put not too bad, he had good pace and the delivery was good.

  Did he surprise some of the professionals to my yes, definitely.

  In his first year, Jimmy has gone from a shy boy to Aussie tormentor.

  He is quite shy, really.

 He was quite difficult to speak to when he  was younger.

 When he crosses that white line, and someone get up his  back, all that is gone.

 What are his chances to ever bowled  here again as a visiting professional or even in his latter  appears? If he will come and play for  nothing, there is every chance, we would be delighted!  How would you cope keeping behind him now?  Not good.

 Would he feel you with his routine?  Yes, probably.

 A typically, the Burnley weather means he will not  escape cricket for his next game.

 It is perfect for sledging.

  That was rubbish.

 It is not just family and friends  who are celebrating Jimmy's success.

 Earlier I spoke to his former team-  mate, Warren Hegg, who used to keep wicket for Lancashire.

 What did he  make of Jimmy's performance? He has grown.

 As the series has  gone on, he has grown and taken that new ball.

 He has got vital  wickets at vital times.

 He has sworn it from the outset.

 He got  the main Australian batsman, Ricky Ponting, out, and his playing well.

  He is the quietest lad off the pitch, and on the pitch he has been  giving batsmen problems.

 A Yes, he is very competitive.

 A  little slang word here and there, nothing too obtrusive, and he has  stayed in touch with him very well.

 Have you been in touch with him?  I got a text message from him this morning, our congratulations I sent  to him, and I got a text a few hours ago saying thanks very much.

  He sounds like he is having a good time.

  He must have had to work hard to beat him, because the thing about  his bowling technique and Australia, he has been hiding the ball in the  run-up, but the wicket keeper has not got a clue, either.

 How did he  used to read him? He has really grown, and reverse  swing is a skill, and we talk about swinging the new ball, and a gym  has learnt the skill of hiding the reverse swing.

  Did he make a signal to you so you would know which way to go?  Definitely not, that is a skill of the wicketkeeper to be the play and  read what is coming next, and try and think one step ahead of the  reverse swing -- reverse swing ball.

 Jimmy is coming home to Burnley for  the next few days and will be wondering what next.

 Surely he will  go on to bigger and better things? Very much so, he is England's  number one bowler now, and I think he grows in that stature, of having  the responsibility, taking the new ball, taking early wickets and  making the breakthrough.

 You know the player and a man, how  will he cope with all this acclaimed?  You have come across him before, you know he is a very laid-back  character with a level head.

 He will take it all in his stride and  want to do well against the Indians this summer.

  I will have to find something else to do at to the M now.

  Me too.

 I think he should have got best  player of the CDs as it is the best playing performance since Frank  Tyson in 1955.

 We got a smattering of snow in  Burnley when Tony was there this morning.

 There was plenty of snow  in Preston this morning as well, in Preston this morning as well,  and plenty across the region for stop it seems appropriate, because  Saddam was on the Isle of Man today.

 Plenty of Santas.

 It was a sand  have run.

 -- Santana was on the Isle of Man today.

  It had to be put off from Christmas because the weather has been so bad,  better late than never.

 The weather died a week, many  places had a few hours of dry weather through the day, but over  the last few hours, here comes the next EDL of rain.

 This is not the  last you will see tonight.

 In more southern parts, it will be parking  itself over parts of Lancashire and Cumbria.

 As it rises across the  region and goes over the high ground, the Met Office is warning  there could be more snow forecast.

 It should not be a problem for most  of us.

 For most of us it will be rain, moving away and the next few  hours.

 There will be another dry spell, and once again past midnight  another area of rain works its way in the.

 If it is dried where you  are, the next EDL of rain is waiting in the wings.

 -- the next  period of rain.

 Temperatures will be better than  last night, two and three Celsius.

 Little weather is still around  first thing in the morning then peters out.

 A lot of cloud in the  morning, but by around 10am that is trying to break through, and the  picture should look better.

 The sunshine well-spread just about  every where, towards the end of the day there could be one or two  wintry showers over high ground, temperatures will be between three  and five Celsius.

 You might think the stars of the  movie The King's Speech, which is released today, are Colin Firth and  Helena Bonham Carter.

 But there is another star - a historic  Lancashire textile mill.

 The Queen Street Mill, at  Briercliffe near Burnley, was used as a location during filming.

 And  two of the working museum's weavers became last minute extras as Peter  It's an unassuming little star in the biggest of movies.

  My husband is.

.

.

 He is required to speak publicly.

  The King's Speech stars Colin Firth as stuttering Prince Albert, the  Future King George VI.

 Do you know any jokes?  Timing is not my strong suit.

 In December, 2009, the stars  converged on Queen Street mill to film key sequences.

  We were asked to to look dismayed and disappointed that this person  from royalty that could not speak clearly and could not make his  point at all.

.

.

 You really felt sorry for the chap.

  Another deep breath, and Jack and Jill.

.

.

  Margaret Nowak, a weaving technician at the working museum,  became a 1930s mill worker for the day.

  I think I have stood on a stage once, about 25 years ago, and  trembled.

 Yet, no, you are starring in a  movie that could go to the Oscars? Well, you can see my pink cardigan  behind Helena Bonham Carter's hat.

 Conrad Varley, weaving supervisor,  was also called up to act as an extra.

  Yes, by our good with them because they wanted to cut my hair to  short-back-and-sides.

 It was coming up to Christmas, you see.

  He is a heart-throb, I would rather have Gordon Buchanan.

 But I think  they were just as impressed with this place a but as we bear  impressed with them.

 Colin Firth put in the visitors'  book that it is a thing of beauty.

 That is how I feel about it.

  I am looking forward to seeing that film, it is supposed to be  fantastic.

 It is great for people in Burnley.

  It is like a hidden gem.

 Argue not in the background  anywhere? You should sack your agent!  I was amazed, I was surprised they did not get the call.

  You were doing your own special

 That is all from us.

 We are back at  Much worse than they thought - Manchester Council staff learn that  2,000 jobs are to be lost.

 It's a shame when bankers are getting  large bonuses and we're paying the price.

 Good evening, welcome to  North West Tonight.

 I'm Gordon Burns.

 I'm Ranvir Singh.

 Also in  the programme - people power stops houses being built on the site of a  form asbestos factory.

 The Air Force Top Guns with the  enemy in their sites.

 The role of the fighter pilot is to get in,  identify targets, get in there quickly.

 And debate -- universities  study the magic of the country's 2,000 council workers are to lose  their jobs in Manchester.

 That's nearly a fifth of all staff.

 The  council says the city's being forced to make bigger cuts than  more affluent areas.

 One union accuses the Government of an attack  on the norblg.

 A Government minister says Manchester's chief  executive should lead from the front and take a pay cut to save  jobs.

 Stuart Flinders is here.

 Stuart, of course council workers  have been bracing themselves for bad news.

 But this is worse than  expected.

 Yes, the council believes it's been  particularly hit hard by two things: One, the way the Government  has calculated how much each council gets.

 They say it favours  affluent councils down south.

 And secondly the Government's decision  to ask for these cuts over two years rather than a longer period.

  The Government says the council should simply get its own house in  order.

 The people who keep Manchester's  streets clean, run libraries, tend the plants in the parks are being  asked to consider quitting their jobs.

 The man who used to run the  council is predicting dire consequences.

 You just have to  think of the services the local gfl provides, support for the elderly,  protection of vulnerable children, libraries, swimming pools, parks,  all those services are likely to be affected in one way or another.

 The  council will try to protect front line services.

 Cuts of that level  it is inevitable there will be damage.

 You have bankers getting  large bonuses and we're paying the price.

 There's going to be less  jobs around in the council.

 They were a big provider of jobs and  services.

 I think it's awful stuff.

 I'm in one of the essential  services, so I'm hoping I can hold onto my job.

 Staff here have been  bracing themselves for months.

 Now the axe is falling.

 Manchester City  Council is promising there'll be no compulsory redundancies.

 With so  many cuts to be made over such a short space of time, that's a  promise that might be hard to epkoo.

 -- The problem is accepting  voluntary redundancy and early retirement to get rid of 17% of the  staff, means they may end up with people with the wrong sorts of  skills then they will have to make compulsory redundancies.

 I'm sure  they'll do all they can to avoid that.

 But with these numbers it may  be inevitable.

 Local Government minister, Grant Shapps, says the  council shouldn't complain.

 The chief executive Sir Howard  Bernstein earns nearly £100,000 more than the Prime Minister,  couldn't he take a pay cut? The council says that would make little  impression on a £110 million deficit.

 Even the Liberal Democrat  Opposition on the council say it's a red herring.

 It's a bit  tokenistic of the minister to have a pop about that.

 This is a real  big issue.

 Of course if the chief executive wants to work for less,  that's for him.

 I take the view that if you pay peanuts you get  monkeys.

 One union leader said tonight the cuts aren't about  balancing the nation's books, they're a political attack on local  Government and the north.

 Normally when a public body makes a  momentous announcement like, this their leaders make themselves  available to us to ask questions on your behalf.

 Manchester Council has  made no-one available for interview today.

 They say it's too early  because the detail of the cuts still hasn't been worked out.

  Meanwhile, the Unite union say they're considering a ballot for  industrial action.

 Just a short time ago, I put it to  the Government's housing and local Government minister, Grant Shapps,  that it was disastrous news for Manchester Council's Workforce that  2,000 jobs were being axed because of the coalition's huge cuts.

  of all, you're absolutely right for the people who are employed and  anyone losing their job as a family, personal tragedy.

 They will  obviously be very concerned this evening.

 What I'm concerned about  is both the timing of this and the question as to whether this was  really necessary to be announced today and whether the council's  taken enough steps in order to avoid these redundancies.

 Enough  steps like what? For example, this council has not yet published its  expenditure online.

 All authorities should be publishing more than £500  online soe citizens can see what the money's spent on and make their  own judgments about whether they've got priorities right.

 They have a  chief executive who even if he took a £100,000 pay cut would be on  about the same salary then as the Prime Minister.

 So there's  obviously very big salaries going on.

 There's a Twitter tsar in  Manchester City council paid £40,000, this is expenditure you  couldn't make up.

 Let me pick you up on those two points that you  have made.

 The Twitter tsar on £40,000, Manchester City Council  says that is completely false.

 They say they have never advertised nor  employed any such person that it was just a false newspaper story.

  Well, it seems apparent because, well the problem is that they  haven't actually published all the stuff transparently.

 The Government  says every authority should publish £500 and more of expenditure online,  all the senior salaries F they had done what's required, we would know  about that in more detail.

 It's undoubtedly true thoo there's high  senior salaries.

 The problem - shouldn't put out on Twitter or  sending out an official statement saying that without having checked  the facts, if it's not true.

 Hold on a minute.

 We know that the chief  exec's salary - I'm talking about the Twitter tsar F that's not true  you put that out on Twitter today and in a statement.

 They no doubt  in the job description haven't written Twitter tsar.

 We understand  that's what the job comes down, that's the important thing.

 Liberal  Democrat leader of the council, who you'd think would be on your side,  has criticised you for making that statement as well about how he  should lose some of his money.

 He says that's a complete red herring,  that the situation is much bigger than that.

 If the argument is just  by cutting a few salaries that would not involve redundancies,  he'd be right.

 The reason that's not true is we know as ministers,  every minister in the Government's taken a 5% salary cut, frozen  salaries for five years.

 We know in doing so that's force the us to  think again about the way the organisations are structured,  Government and in the case of Manchester the City Council.

 It's  important that you lead from the top.

 You cannot expect people to be  losing their jobs this evening, when you haven't even taken any  kind of cut yourself.

 Can you finally clear up what appears to be  something of an anomaly for people up here.

 They believe that there's  very much a north/south divide which is developing further.

  They're looking at the figures.

 They see that councils suffering  the least in these cuts are all in the south, the top 12 in fact, ten  of those are Conservative.

 And the worst hit are mostly in the north  for councils representing the poorest communities and they don't  see how that can be fair.

 reason is that authorities who are  more reliant on the public sector, on Government cash, when Government  cash is being reduced, are obviously at the front line of that.

  What I've tried to do is very, very hard to work on a system whereby we  reduce their cash terms reduction less than boroughs who, for example,  might be raising more in council tax or other charges.

 The reality  is if you're more dependent on Government, when Government doesn't  have any money, and goodness knows this country's bust or was staring  into the abyss before we took over, that's likely to be part of the  outcome.

 Minister, thank you very much.

 Richard Kemp is the vice  chair of the Local Government Association and a Liberal Democrat  Councillor in Liverpool.

 I asked him if he was convinced Manchester  City Council had done everything possible to avoid such drastic cuts.

  For the last eight years, we've been making savings at the rate of  3% a year.

 We can continue to make savings at the rate of 3% a year  and should.

 But Manchester and Liverpool are being asked to take  out more than 10% in a year.

 It would be crass to suggest that can  be done just by efficiency savings.

 It would be equally crass to  suggest that front-line services won't be affected.

 Have they done  enough? That's the accusation from Grant Shapps today to Manchester  City Council and indeed, from a fellow Lib Dem, Andrew Stunell the  local MP here in Stockport.

 He has also said Manchester city have 1300  million in the bank as part of their reserves, that would make a  start.

 The chief executive paid more than the Prime Minister.

  There's ways, he says, of protecting the people of Manchester  from these massive cuts I repeat that I believe Manchester, like  Liverpool, like every other council can make 3% efficiency savings.

  We're talking about specific back room jobs and salaries for the big  earners.

 The question of reserves, it's possible that Manchester has  £100 million in the bank.

 But it's not there just because the  treasurer likes to count it every night.

 It's there for a reason.

  Some of its -- it's held for schools, some for insurance claims,  some for Social Services purposes, some is held against contingency  that we know will arise that we don't want to take a great amount  out in one year.

 When you look at the available amount out of the  £100 million, my guess, I don't know the figures, would be £5  million or £6 million.

 I have no doubt if they can take £5 million  out of the reserves they will be doing.

 So the idea that councillors  are sitting on money and at the same time, making people redundant  and cutting sfrszs is so ludicrous it doesn't bear intelligent  examination.

 Wouldn't the chief executive take a pay cut and it  would save a few jobs at least, which to those people involved  would matter a lot.

 Local Government has to pay the going  rate.

 I believe there's always a case for looking at all salaries,  as you change things.

 The chief executive of a major authority like  Liverpool is running a massive business.

 It's bigger than most  FTSE 100 companies - Worth more than the Prime Minister's job is  it? It isn't.

 Actually this is a cannard.

 When they add up Mr  Bernstein's costs, it's all in.

 The costs of the Prime Minister is  £600,000 a year.

 All they quote is his crude salary.

 When they take  about other jobs they take about all the costs on.

 It's not for me  to argue the relativity of that.

 Every day I spend as a councillor I  lose money.

 I choose to do that because that's my way of serving  the people.

 If you are saying that local Government is incredibly  efficient already, so front line cuts on this scale of 2,000 jobs  are necessary and unavoidable, are we going to expect bigger than  expected cuts in Liverpool and in other areas of the North West then?  Tt overall Local Government Association believe there's are  going to be about 140,000 job losses in local Government.

 Some of  those have already gone.

 Some of them are clearly going and more  will go.

 We'll only be able to answer that when each council sets  its budget.

 I do not believe that the scale of cuts suggested by  Manchester will be substantially different when you compare size  with size, than most other urban areas through the north of England.

  Richard Kemp, thank you.

 Now the number of people seriously  ill with swine flu in the North West has fallen.

 85 people are now  being treated, down from 108 last year.

 There's been no change in the  number of patients seriously ill in hospitals in Cheshire and  Merseyside.

 NHS North West says the figures are largely good news, but  that people still need to be vigilant.

  Voting is well under way this evening in the Oldham East and  Saddleworth by-election.

 There are about three hours to go before the  polls close.

 There are ten candidates standing after former MP  was forced to stand down for illegal electioneering.

 Former  Manchester United player Ronnie Wallwork has been investigated by  police investigating serious and organised crime.

 He was questioned  with relation to the handling of stolen vehicles.

 He's been bailed  until January 18th.

 The Government's expected to  announce the closure of Lancaster castle prison.

 It would be closed  by July with 800 inmates being transferred.

 The council says it  will consider turning the castle into a tourist attraction.

  It has taken six years but tonight people power has won the day in  Rochdale.

 Campaigners have stopped controversial plans to build houses  on a site which once housed the world's largest asbestos factory.

  Local people fear today would release harmful fibres into the air.

  They took on the £100 million planning application and won.

 Colin  Sykes is at the site now.

 When we know just now how dangerous  asbestos is in 1870 when the Turn irbrothers opened this factory they  had no such qualms.

 Asbestos was seen as an astounding mineral.

 The  factory employed thousands of people and became a world  headquarters for the asbestos textile industry.

 It was only later  that the full dangers of asbestos became known.

 When the factory  eventually closed, MMC estates applied for planning permission to  build about 600 homes on this site.

 Local people had serious misgivings  about that.

 Tonight that application has been turned down.

  One of the campaign serz Jason Addy, who's with me now.

 Why did you feel  so strongly about this? As a younger I watched my grandfather  wither away with the asbestos cancer.

 Many people have lost loved  ones and friends in the area to this cruel disease.

 And of course,  the site is huge, but a lot of the asbestos waste was dumped on the  site.

 The six-and-a-half years of the campaign has confirmed that  thousz of tons of asbestos waste is dumped on this site.

 This was a  very dusty factory that produced asbestos for over 130 years.

 What  were your fears about building work? The mechanical disturbance of  asbestos could release that hidden killer again.

 And this campaign has  gone on for a long time.

 Why has it taken so long? Good question.

 But  it's been the persistence of so many people in Rochdale and  throughout Britain and the world.

 Common sense has prevailed.

 This  isn't the end of the story.

 Another application could be put in.

 What  do you want to see happen to this site? There must be a community  plan be.

 A safe, clean lung for the people of Rochdale.

 This site has  paid a bitter price as a result of asbestos disease.

 It deserves to  rest in peace like too many of its victims.

 Thank you, Jason Addy.

  Now it sounds like science fiction.

 A fighter pilot able to direct his  aircraft's representonery with the turn of his head.

 It's been science  fact.

 It's all thanks to a special helmet, developed at BAE Systems  Walton plant in Lancashire.

 The RAF is now putting it into use.

 Dave  Guest was allowed to see the kit being put through its paces.

  It's an iconic feature of the fighter pilot's kit.

 Until now the  helmet has been useful only for protecting his head, helping him  hear his radio and oh, yes, making him look cool.

 This helmet is  different.

 It's packed with technology to revolutionise the way  pilots operate in war zones.

 role of the fighter pilot is to get  in, identify targets, and get in there quickly, maybe able to take  the shot he needs to do, prosecute the attack and get away quickly.

  Traditionally when a pilot's trying to identify a target he obviously  looks at these screens and through this display, a clear screen with  information projected onto it.

 The problem is that he has to point the  plane towards whatever he's wanting to target.

 By linking this new  helmet directly to the plane's system, it means that the  information, which is normally on this screen is projected onto the  visor.

 Wherever he turns his head the plane and the weapons system  know where he's looking.

 He can lock onto that target with a vocal  command.

 It's been deped at BAe Walton site.

 It's intended for use  in the euro fighter typhoon.

 With fighter pilots directing weapons by  turning their heads and giving voice commands, is there a danger  of more mistakes? Absolutely no.

 The safety of the aircraft prevents  that.

 The role of the pilot is clearly to identify the target, get  in there, take that shot and get out again, but do it in the safeest  and more proper manner.

 He still has to press a button to fire the  weapon? Absolutely.

 The helmets are being put into service by the RAF.

  Sport now.

 Liverpool had their eye on the target last night.

  Absolutely ecstatic fans waking up this morning wondering if it was  all a dream.

 Had they done the double over the once mighty  Liverpool, beating them home and away for the first time in more  than 60 years.

 Yes they had and that means the nightmare continues  for Liverpool, despite the return of King Kenny.

  Liverpool were hoping this would be the game that helped them turn a  new page.

 It was a fairytale start with King Kenny on the throne and  this dashing goal from Torres in the first three minutes.

 But this  wasn't going to have a happy ending.

 The seasiders had a few surprises.

  The former Liverpool youth player Gary Taylor Fletcher equalised and  DJ Campbell made sure Blackpool had something to sing about.

  We have to look at ourselves and see where we're going.

 Then looking  at ourselves we can find the answer to some of the goals.

 We don't want  to take any of the credit away from Blackpool.

 I have some fantastic  players here.

 They managed to beat a Liverpool side.

 That's six points  we've taken off them.

 I can't believe it.

 Some Liverpool fans  will be feeling rock bottom.

 Blackpool have done the double on  them, beating them at home and away.

 Sitting ninth in the table,  Blackpool fans will think they're dreaming.

 Top night for Blackpool.

  It's absolutely brilliant.

 There's no doubt we're staying up.

 Can't  put it into words.

 He's already got further than I've ever dreamed of.

  If he gets further, brilliant.

 a change of forure for these two  teams.

 Whilst Liverpool struggle, Blackpool are enjoying their best  season in over 40 years.

 They are living the dream.

 I don't  think they can believe it either.

 Amazing stuff.

 Let's look at the  Amazing stuff.

 Let's look at the weather now.

  Are you sure you want to? No shall we move on to Take That.

 Anything  but the weather we're going to have over the next couple of days.

  Heading towards the weekend the forecast is looking unsettled.

 The  Met Office have issued a warning for rain and perhaps gales as we  head through Saturday and Sunday.

 I'll look into that in more detail  at the moment.

 Today the amazing thing is the temperatures, 10 and  11 widely arnt region.

 It's felt great and the rain largely stay add  way.

 Some places seeing spots of drizzle through daylight hours.

 The  next couple of hours we have this line of rain in the wings over  North Wales.

 That's going to creep towards us through the next couple  of hours.

 By the time you get to midnight it should be across most  parts of the region.

 The numbers are all important.

 Through the  night tonight temperatures between 7 and 9 degrees.

 It's not cold.

 But  all the cloud is around and the rain pushes in anywhere and  everywhere.

 It's sporadic initially.

 By midnight it starts to get its  act together.

 You can see it spreading everywhere and from time  to time it will be a little bit heavier.

 I think as far south-  western corner of the region is the best place to be.

 The rain leaves  you first.

 Even for tomorrow it's not a great picture.

 This is what  you wake up to, that line of rain over more northern parts.

 In the  southern parts it's coming and going.

 Wherever you are, it's all  about the cloud cover.

 It's going to be fairly constant.

 The way it's  been through The Day Today.

 That rain tries to move through  Lancashire and slows down and drops a bit further south.

 Over high  ground it's going to be unpleasant and like today, over the high level  routes visibility will not be brilliant.

 Time to time a glimpse  of sunshine.

 Temperatures in double figures.

 You will be talking about  ten and 11 all over again.

 So we get Friday out of the way and this  is our forecast, as we head into the weekend.

 This is an early  warning from the Met Office that we are looking at heavy rain and gales  as well.

 We could be talking 20mm of rain.

 It could be up to 40mm  over the high ground.

 This forecast lasts for Saturday and for Sunday  as well.

 I don't know what you have planned for the weekend, I'd be  doubtful if many people can enjoit weekend.

 This is the forecast for  Friday night.

 Initially it's dry.

 Temperatures not so bad.

 But as the  night wears on, here comes the rain.

 It makes its presence felt through  Saturday.

 If we look at it, look at the arrows.

 A warm sector cloudy  and wet through the day.

 The weather front trails across us  through the weekend.

 Told you! You did and you were  right.

 Look at that face.

 This will cheer us up though.

  We move onit a subject thaw probably wouldn't think could  possibly seriously interest academics.

 But scholars are  expected to travel from all around the world this summer to attend a  conference all about, a bit of a clue there, Take That.

 Diane and I  have studied them at length but for all the wrong reasons.

 As the  recently reunited boy band, man band play sell out dates, academics  will gather at the University of Salford to debate the secret of  their success.

 # Although no-one understood  # We were holding back the flood # Learning how to dance the rain #  They're the five lads from the North West you went on to rule the  music world.

 Now academics will music world.

 Now academics will  debate what plaiks Take That shine.

 We have a lot of people informing  us that they are coming to Manchester specifically for these  concerts.

 So it's a very important cultural phenomenon.

 Yes, we're  serious about trying to understand what it's all about.

  university's invited papers from any discipline which address the  themes of break up and reunion, reflecting the band's ups and downs  over the years.

 After their initial success, everything changed.

 We've  decided that the time is right.

 We've done all we can do as Take  That.

 From that, there's no more.

 The fans would never forget and  neither would Robbie.

 Seriously, what do we do now? Does anybody  know? I do, Take That are going back on tour.

  Now they're back for good and as they play the City of Manchester  stadium academics will ask what lessons can we learn from the  country's most successful man band.

 Most of the fans from this type of  music have typically been women.

 We're looking at women's interests  and values.

 We're interested in the way fans relate to this and the  investment they have when the band breaks up, that's quite a tough  experience for some of them.

 As far as literary side, we're interested  in the myths of this act.

 It's not the most glamorous of ren venues  and Take That are used to bigger audiences, but academic are hoping  the boys might put in an appearance.

 We want them to be aware that this  is a celebration of what they have done.

 We'd be fascinated to find  out, get some input from them.

 Could it be magic? Well, have a  little patience, you have until June 3 to write your diser taigs.

  -- dissertation.

 We don't get emotional about it  think there was some emotion.

 for some e-mails.

 We did a piece  yesterday about the post and how late some of the letters and cards  have been since Christmas.

 Martin says he never received a demand  from the department of work and pensions to attend a medical  examination for incapacity benefit.

 As a result he says his benefit has  been stopped.

 Brenda told us she was waiting for an important  document from her bank for four weeks and is now unable to use her  bank account.

 Jenny Woodhead says, "I received a store card statement  at beginning of January dated 14th of December.

 I incurred charges  from the store.

" Nicholas Boxall told us, "A form regarding council  tax which needed returning within three weeks arrived three weeks  after the date it was written.

 Fortunately the council were  understanding about the situation.



 wound up as well? Sir John they  were and you should hopefully be able to find the help and support  you need.

 Thank you very much.

 -- Sir John D Webb.

 -- search on the  At least 15 people have been killed after a Coalition air strike on a  rebel convoy in Libya.

 The government they dismissed the offer  of a ceasefire from opposition forces.

  The UN is conducting a review of security after an attack on its  compound in north Afghanistan killed seven of its staff.

  The Japanese authorities at the figure she may nuclear plants a  radioactive thought it is leaking into the sea from a crack in  reacted to.

 Let us catch up on the sport.

  Let us start with a cricket because it is a huge game and a huge roar  has gone up in India because the first wicket has fallen in the  World Cup final.

 Sure Lanka chose to bat first and they made a  cautious start.

 Sher Lanka have recovered from the first wicket.

 --  The top three sides in the Premier League are all in action this  afternoon with Manchester United trying to protect their five-point  lead.

 They travel to struggling West Ham, who have climbed out of  the bottom three in their mission to stay up, and the manager has  been doing his maths, working out what it takes to avoid the drop.

  Last year, 35 points and the year before 35 points.

 Before that,  L'Italia s'e desta.

 And this year 41.

 So you cannot say.

.

.

 Who knows?  I don't think one manager can know how many points will be enough.

  Roy Hodgson has helped steer West Brom away from the relegation zone  and he is hoping for a good reception today.

 This is one of two  matches pushing for Europe.

 The other is Birmingham, second from  bottom.

 First, he was Roy Hodgson.

 The reaction to my appointment from  a large body of the fans was not positive so I don't know that will  have changed now.

 Who knows? Whatever the reaction is, we, as  managers, have to accept it and get on with it.

 It would be nice is  their response was not a negative one but if it is I will have to  learn to live with it and, hopefully, West Brom fans will try  to boy me up in the other direction.

 If only we had a recipe for  confidence.

 Every coach and certainly I had it.

 That would be  vital.

 It is about experienced guys who have the bottle to handle  pressure at the situations.

 A Celtic were hoping to extend  their lead at the SPL this lunchtime but their match against  Cally Thistle has been called off in the last hour because of a  waterlogged pitch.

 That means Rangers will return to the top of  the SPL if they can beat Dundee United.

 It is crucial that the  ownership aspect of the club gets settled as soon as possible.

 The  club has been for sale for two and a half or three years now.

 It has  reached the stage where anybody who looks at the situation would feel  the same, when they get sorted out it will help bring back a lot of  stability.

 That is the most important thing.

  That is the sport for now.

 Sir Lanka are up 28 - 1.

  It is time to meet the author with Nick Higham.

  Digby Jones is the former director general of the CBI, the voice of  British business and former minister for overseas trading  Gordon Brown's government.

 He has written a book, Fixing Britain: The  Business of Reshaping Our Nation which is part of a memoir of his  time at the CBI and a part memoir of his time in government.

 It  points out what is wrong with Britain and suggest ways of putting  it right.

 We came to Westminster on a day he was due to be in the House  of Lords so we could meet him.

 You have called this but, Fixing  Britain: The Business of Reshaping Our Nation which implies it is  broke.

 In what way? I don't think it is broken terminally.

 We have to  equip ourselves for what is an interesting century.

 It has got to  become globally competitive so that the private sector can create jobs  and make money and pay tax on that money to pay for schools, hospitals  and everything else.

 The recognition that they're making of  money by the private sector will not be on the same tapestry as it  was 50 years ago or 10 yours -- years ago.

.

.

 You spent a timing  government yourself.

 You were a trade minister.

 How did that  influence of what you are now saying about the need to wake up.

  You are very disenchanted with the day-to-day business of politics,  RG? I did a job differently and Gordon Brown made many mistakes but  the one thing he got right was, he did say to GOATS, the Government of  All the Talents, we weren't make to be to realists but we were meant to  be on the delivery side.

 I found that the system isn't fit for  purpose to allow that to happen.

 So, I was quite successful in the  overseas visits I did and the local ambassador was thrilled to bits  with a minister for the first time in years, businesses that invested  their and businesses that came here, they were thrilled that there was a  guy doing they visit.

 But back at Whitehall, the system militated  against you doing it.

 Like agreed with Gordon from the start but it  wasn't something new and that I didn't want a career.

 I didn't want  a long period of time but I said I would do it for my country and he  got that.

 You also told him you wouldn't join the Labour Party.

  I wouldn't join the other lot either.

 But you must have political  views and I guess they were Conservative? No, I voted for  Margaret Thatcher, Tony Blair and Liberal Democrat.

 I am York genuine  swing voter.

 My constituency is actually in business.

 You are in  favour of the Alternative Vote.

 very much in favour of the AV  system and will vote that way in the referendum.

 I don't think it is  perfect but it is better than what we have.

 More people voted against  Margaret Thatcher and Tony Blair.

 They were voted in.

 I don't get the  fairness of that.

 I don't understand why we can't have a  directly elected Prime Minister because that is what most people  think they are voting for.

 They voted for Nick Clegg, David Cameron  or Gordon-Brown and that television debates certainly reinforce that.

  You also suggest we would be better off with a cabinet of technocrats.

  All the delivery mechanisms really could be done by people who know  what they are talking about.

 I saw it from the other side and it is  frustrating.

 I did know what I was talking about on international  trade, lots of people no more than me but I knew more than most, I  knew would be amazed at the staggering ignorance of our  democratically elected people.

 They care and they are good, even those  who I disagree with, and yet they are ignorant of the situation and  our nation has to put up with it.

 The book is full of suggestions.

  The RAF currently in action as we speak.

 You think it should be  abolished.

 I do.

 Because the 21st century military commitment in so  many theatres is different.

 You will not get dog fights in this guy  anywhere.

 You're not get bombing missions that go over that can't be  done on a sustainable basis with drones.

 The RAF command structure  is expensive.

 You need their capability skilled and very good,  but you can have it from the Fleet Air arm and the army in the Air  Corps.

 I would also call for a good look at the regimental Battalion  system in the Army because after Afghanistan, the army will have to  be different.

 If we cut any more out of the Royal Navy, we won't be  able to do a Libya.

 Do you want to be a politician with a beak p? --  beat.

 I would only go back into the politics.

.

.

 If you had a Prime  Minister with an independent Chancellor to say, here is my  manifesto, and without a party background then I could see why  people like me could do it.

 I might have a business background or trade  union background or whatever and that is what freedom is about but  the big party political system militates against people coming up  to lead.

 I end the book with a real urge that everybody should see  themselves with the ability to be a leader and really, taking  responsibility and standing up to be counted, affecting one person by  your actions and taking them with

 force in years to come.

 That is a  summary, now on BBC News, it is  This week on Click, how our social  behaviour pays the bills.

 We will look at how social networks are  getting their money's worth from our status updates.

 We also visit  the French town determined to get its citizens surfing.

 All that plus  the latest Tech News and we will take some photos in Webscape.

  Welcome to Click.

 So many people have tried to cash in on web 2.

0.

  Social networking sites have come on gun.

 The idea, create a great  service, charge nothing for it, attract millions and then.

.

.

 then  what? Somehow you have got to try to make some money from it.

 But  there is something that many many have failed to do in the past.

 So  what does it take to stay afloat on the Wild Wild where? -- Wild Wild  web.

 Harry is working his magic again.

 Over the past month,  American Facebook users have been enjoying a selection of Warner  Brothers blockbusters streamed through the site in exchange for  about $4 credits.

 Face would take a 30% cut of each credit spend, much  like Apple does with its app App Store.

 There are now 400 at San  games where they can go on a social spending three.

 It is easy to see  how there is a lot of money to be made.

 A valuation last month put  Facebook's worth at around $50  billion.

 Advertising has a heart of  most first internet success stories.

 Because you are creating the  content and you are making it free, we just have to place advertising  next to it.

 There are no costs for the journalists creating the  content like and newspapers.

 Past experience has shown that if users  do not get the experience they want  they will just move on.

 To some  extent there has been this pattern where each new website gets  replaced.

 The question is, well Facebook stay on top? So far, yes.

  Reaching out to the real world is one way Facebook is trying to  guarantee its longevity.

 This UK theme park has opened its doors  only if you let Facebook know you are here.

 If the promise of  matching people with product that makes social network attractive to  advertisers and Facebook deals at small location to the mix.

 Users  check in on their mobiles and get a special offer in return.

 It is  similar to four-square, another location based network to have  recently partnered with American Express.

 Users receive cash back on  their cards.

 In many ways this concert simply extends the notion  of targeted advertising which has always existed online.

 What you say  on your profile gives the advertising guys something to aim  for.

 Before we start checking in everywhere in exchange for money,  maybe we should check out how these transactions work.

 You can target  someone who is that Yate in one's work who likes the ball or you can  target all the men in the UK who  like football -- who is 38 in one's  That might be true but entering into a public social pact with that  product might be too much for some.

 There is a work around.

 If you take  the connecting on Facebook settings you can keep your lights to  yourself.

 If you choose not to you are effectively engaging a uniquely  powerful form of product endorsement you or your Facebook  friends.

 When advertising has this feature you can see what your  friend does.

 The app Camp for much better.

 The traditional way of  advertising does not let you know  what your friends are doing.

 We  would never give the individual information of a person.

 You would  say there are 10 million a team-24-  year-olds who like football.

 -- 10  Go I don't know how they are going to earn money out of it.

 To get it  for free is amazing.

 It works it quite well.

 Because you come back  after it is very.

 People are willing to give up data without too  much effort.

 Elute -- it is freed.

  -- it is free.

 Certain legislation  has been proposed at the moment at the EU level and also in the US and  Canada which is looking to make sure there is not the right balance  within the right of map of the information.

 That being said one of  the most notable social networks is now fielding 1,000 tweets per  second.

 Twitter was valued at just short of a billion dollars at a  recent auction.

 Advertisers can buy promoted information -- 8 opinion.

  Twitter licenses its fire hose.

 8 billion.

 That is every message  back its and tell.

 Companies like  Microsoft and Google use that to  advertise.

 So what of the future? Those who have been studying it  state it is just the beginning.

 next phase is probably about  extracting commissions from products that are sold directly as  a result of recommendations made.

 Rather than just turning  advertising, what you are doing is taking a commission.

 What we can be  sure there is that they will not be one model of social network that  works for everybody -- he will not be.

 We can be sure that not  everyone will be happy to go on for the right.

 -- there will be.

 Making  money is the Holy Grail.

 Ups and big companies are like.

 One of the  websites that has been chronicling  the rise and fall of money is this  -- start-up and big companies are like.

 -- start-up.

 We spoke to peak  Cashmore to get his thoughts on how to run a successful online venture.

  Loss of the social networks have hundreds of millions of users, you  get a impression that a lot of these companies have a clearly  defined business strategy? strategy around would start ups has  been the audience first.

 How do we get a product we love? That said,  there are obvious models for many of these.

 Four-square is all about  checking into local businesses.

 What they have started to do is if  you could lead to a restaurant you  might get a free dessert.

 -- go to.

  Then there is loyalty involved.

 Which ones are actually making  money? The companies that are really making lots and lots of  money right now are companies like which is making potentially  billions of dollars now and they have only been will stop they  turned down a six billion dollar acquisition offer from do well  because they think they can make more money.

 Millions of bloggers  out there are trying to command a respectable audience.

 You have  succeeded where so many didn't.

 Why? First and foremost it is  persistence.

 Second, I look at what do people want.

 What is there any  doubt we are trying to satiated.

 --  What is the need.

 -- to say she  might -- to satiate.

 You need to write in the style and tone that  suggests you on about something broader than your personal interest.

  Richard Taylor.

 Surely it is not all about money? He is this week's  Tech News featuring some stories about some highly profitable  companies.

 Because of's answer to Google's Street you is coming to  Europe -- Microsoft's answer.

 They will start snapping European cities  from next month.

 It is working on a much smaller scale than Google,  concentrating on urban areas.

 Cisco is to stop making the ones used the  successful flip portable video cameras.

 The closure is part of a  restructuring of the company to  focus on its core networking  operations.

 The improving quality of video cameras in mobile phones  has hit their sales.

 And rinse long-awaited tablet the BlackBerry  play but find the went on sale in the US this week but no work on  went other countries will get it.

 In an interview the company's  founder and co-chief executive showed off the new tablet which  gives users the ability to display HD video on ITV while still  operating different functions on the device.

 But he called a halt to  proceedings after an ongoing spat with Indian authorities.

 We have  got a lot of listeners and viewers in the Middle East, you can  confidently tell them they will have no problems with their  BlackBerrys? It is over.

 The  Long before we lived in virtual  communities and were taught to use emails and tweets, apparently  people used to live in villages, towns and cities.

  But now there are moves afoot to combine the old and and the new to  maintain and deepen communities at a local level.

 We traveled to  Bordeaux in France where the town hall is reaching out to the dij  tillly disenfranchised.

 Although - Bordeaux is experiencing  an outbreak of QR, a dot matrix code to link a smart phone to any  information you can squeeze on a web page.

 Tack a stroll in a  Bordeaux park you will find early blooming QR, you need to take a  snap of the code to see why QR stands for quick response.

  The smart phone immediately scurrys off to find infoe on local floors.

  The bird songs go down well, even wh the police.

  TRANSLATION: Will will encourage people to look after birds.

 They  belong to everyone.

 And people can protect them by taking precautions.

  Now f you don't know Bordeaux, it's a moderately sized city in SW of  France, pretty far from the whirring hub of new technology.

  Never the ps, the city is trying the digital week to get citizens to  see the benefits of information technology, hence the abundance of  We think we have here a very serious and interesting tool to  provide people with context Yule content where ever they are in the  city.

 It's not about connecting  people all the time and it's  providing good information on demand where ever you are.

 It's a  very democratic way of connecting yourself, because it works on any  smart phone.

 QR is pretty useful when you need  to fill a gap in your knowledge, you could stumble across this  sculpture by the artist Richard Long in Bordeaux's contemporary art  museum.

 There is something to be said for staring and soaking in,  but you might want a back grounder to tell you the gallery is made  from the same stone and long likes to bring Fay comuer into art  galleries, the - galleries, the sort of stuff that brings art to  life.

 You can also bring French wine to life.

 You know where you  are with a Chilean Sauvignon, the type is on the label, with French  wine it is not.

 Help is at hand, Smart bow dough links the label in  front of you with one stored in their database, uncorking a stream  of information.

 TRANSLATION: If you have a smart phone in your pocket,  you can take photos of the lail and in less than 15 sekopblds be  connected to a full description of the wine.

 The grape, the medals won,  if the wine maker speaks English.

 The site has 80 categories of wine  sellers giving information in 12 languages to the entire world in  16,000 Bordeaux wines.

 When you talk about wine, food is  not normally that far behind.

 Follow this QR and you will end up  at this website, where Ann cooks up a different dish daily.

 The idea is  to answer that question thating  TRANSLATION: The idea is to apply  to the question, what will we eat tonight? Every day we don't  necessarily have a lot of time to dedicate, because women have to  work.

 The point is to suggest simple seasonal recipes with  healthy engreed yents quick to do, food nice and easy without too many  France's rich culinary heritage is matched only by its history.

 A  shared sense of which can bring a community together.

  Photos, films, audio, the personal testimonys of those who lived  history, are all being gathered today on the Vacance Bordeaux  website.

 In this dazzling hi-tech present it's easy to lose touch  with the past.

 Vacance Bordeaux is a project to digitally archive the  personal histories of those living in Bordeaux, to give the older  generation a hands on way into IT, and at the same time giving the  younger generation an insight into the importance of what came before.

  Monique is retired, doing a course in computers and is fascinated by  how her own life is considered a  part of her town's history.

  TRANSLATION: I like the future, but we have to remember how we live.

 I  had a happy childhood, not easy mind you, but I find that we can't  ignore the past.

 We have to move forward but conserve the past.

  Digital technology allows us to communicate across the planet, but  are we so happy with our virtual communities we no locker need to  talk to our neighbours? Bordeaux's initiative is going some way  towards making its people a real  part of where they live.

  David Reid on Bordeaux's drive to get its citizens access on line.

  If you wanted to see far flung places but don't have a budget for  round the world ticket, never fear, you apparently only need an an  droid phone and a smooth surface.

  Here is Kate Russell.

  The cat won't play with me.

 So I am playing spin the Android instead  with a photo.

 This is a free multiplayer smorbl game a lot of  marketing type words to describe an ap that's a lot of fun.

 Spin your  phone on a flat surface, will determine the direction from which  the ap will find another player who wants to smap you a picture on  their mobile handset and then wait  for someone to request an image  This game puts a whole new hi-tech spin on the game of spin the bottle.

  Quite literally.

 You can be as creative and artistic adz you like  with the photos you send, just snap whatever is in front of you and  wait to see what you get back.

 There's a fairly obvious caveat  here for younger players and those of a sensitive disposition, this is  after all an unmoderated game so you can never be quite sure of what  you will get back.

 But I played it a lot in the past few weeks and  have been thoroughly intrigued and never shocked or disappointed.

 This  is a fine example of integrating map and social aspects to bring  history to life on the web.

 You can search in a number of ways,  including dates, low case or  historic figure.

 If you can't get  there in person, you have a satellite view and the option for  people to up load photos though the site in its its early stage sos it  will take time before this is populated much content.

 If you like  visiting historic sites on holiday, you will love the search function  on this site, because it lets you scour the globe for all the very  best destinations so you can thoroughly sait your appetite for  history and culture.

 There's a great Planner that lets  you add shortlisted locations to an itinerary, with a dedicated url to  check back with the site from any computer anywhere.

  That's all without needing to  register, very handy.

 There's  something older than the ruins we've just seen, just look up to  see it.

 Star gazers with a curiosity about the universe can  down load a free open-source planetary yum at Solarium and while  something so peaceful about gazing up into the heavens at night, but  the skies are filled with excitement and intrigue.

 This  software helps you to unravel the clues left by the universe.

  Available for Windows, Mac and Linox, the planetary yum shows the  sky in real time from any location.

 The sky is accurate t landscape is  a representation.

 There's so much to this package you  will have to explore it on your own.

 But just don't get lost out there  Take advantage of the spring  weather and get outside to do some  gardening.

 This is a social gardening tool that helps you to  track what you planted and what jobs need doing.

 You can share your  progress with the green fingered  community.

 # she packed my bags  last night.

.

.

 #? Celebrateing the 50th anniversary of human face  flight - space flight a documentary is free on YouTube recreateing the  first space flight using cameras on the space station.

 Check out First  Orbit for more information.

 # rocket man.

.

.

 #.

  I'm not sure that the smart phone ap brings enough to the party to  make the pay a great effort, but I don't begrudge dock nen tri makers  making money out of the venture.

 All of Kate's links are up on the  website along with videos from our revent features and the link to  Click on the radio.

 In this week's programme we continue our astral  travels as the director of the space movie, First Orbit talks to  Gareth Mitchell.

 Click on the Lyn

 Good evening and welcome to BBC  Look North.

 The headlines tonight: Paying the price of potholes - the  repair bill runs into millions of pounds.

  When we get among flight we have just had, it is inadequate and we  need to prove more money towards it.

 A mum facing deportation fears  being split up from her family in Lincoln.

 I just want to stay and  look have to my children and educate them.

 I cannot.

  The £70,000 children's play centre that hasn't been used for nearly  two years.

 And taking to the stage - the  Strictly star who's getting ready to step out in Hull.

  And the weather forecast follows.

 The worst roads they have seen for  20 years.

 Today it has been revealed that that repair bill for  fixing pot holes in East Yorkshire could reach millions of pounds.

 The  head of East Riding's what will fixing team at Nessie has never  known it so bad.

 In the first three months of this past year, it is  estimated the cost to insurers is £10.

5 million.

 Average claim for  pothole damage is just over £1,300.

 The most costly claimed at The AA  talked of £14,000.

 We have spent the day with a team of road repairs.

  If Hong thousands of a rose, the coldest December on record is still  being felt.

 -- on thousands of our roads.

  Her pot holes or everywhere and they are deeper than ever.

 In  Bridlington, privacy it is impossible to avoid them.

 All was  sudden, people are swerving to avoid potholes.

 It is expensive if  damage is done.

 It is horrendous.

 It has cracked my windscreen on my  van.

 It comes straight off the road.

 Temporary road repairs have proved  to be useless.

 Across East Yorkshire, the milder weather means  more permanent repairs are being started.

 Water has got in and  caused Ophelia.

 If this man is the highways maintenance manager for  East Yorkshire Council and in 22 years, he has not known at winter  like it.

 He this it will be get very expensive exercise.

 We budget  money for repealing the roads on an ongoing basis but in weather like  this, it is inadequate and many more money towards it.

 He it is  happening all over the region.

 Annual budget for road maintenance  in that Lincolnshire is four to £6 million but the backlog of repairs  has already reached £300 million.

 Will this become at council prior  Izzie? The of authorities say they have extra resources to get back on  track but say there is no extra money all no money will be diverted  from other road projects into a pothole repairs.

 In the meantime,  tyre companies are doing excellent business.

 The air saying five or  six jobs Andy over the winter.

 We are seeing five or six jobs each  day over the winter.

 It is getting worse.

 The council say they are  aware of the frustrations of drivers that that we're doing the  best they can under the conditions.

 He had been speaking to a  representative of The AA about the problems facing drivers and he told  me what the dangers are caused by pot holes.

 The trouble is that if  you hit a pothole, a new leaf damage your tyres and wheels and  your suspension but you could go on to Het something else afterwards.

  The danger of swerving to miss a pothole, that is greater? Yes,  there is considerable danger.

 The temptation is to make a sudden  steam movement to get out of the way of the bottle.

 That could pay  you in the path of an oncoming vehicle for Het Thakur but which is  quite a common manoeuvre.

 For hit the pavement.

 I gather someone has  done that already? Yes, £14,000 is the top end of this scale but that  is where in one particular case and gentlemen in Yorkshire if hit a  pothole, lost control of his vehicle and took his front wheel  off against a high concrete stone and hit a tree.

 In a split second  of heading a pot hole, he cost thousands of pounds of damage.

  on rural roads in our region, they are the worst offenders.

 For local  offenders -- will all authorities have to prioritise how they will  spend money.

 Local authorities.

 Pot holes and roads of resurfacing is  the only way to get rid of this problem.

 They have to prioritising  most dangerous a pot holes where the most damage is likely to occur.

  Because and drivers to take extra care on the roads and he their eyes  open especially in wet weather.

 For instance, in the pouring rain, it  can be hidden because they fill up with water and the road just looks  like it is wet.

 The next thing you know, you have gone into a pothole  and you're getting into trouble quickly.

 Expensive trouble, at that.

  If thank you.

 A we have had people getting in  touch today with your experiences.

 One are women in Hull says she has  driven a moped and come off her bike twice this week due to pot  holes that are impossible to miss.

 And Ryan from Grimsby says he has  broken two cycle lights this year as they fell off and smashed when I  kept a pot hole in the dark.

 You can get in touch and send us your  Coming up, fears from drivers that lessons could double in price if a  test centre closes.

 He hulling ginger family say the  fear be split apart at their end of the month duty immigration laws.

 --  a Lincolnshire family.

 Craig Cocking from North Hykeham married  his wife Violet in Singapore if last -- five years ago.

 The move  back to linking with their three children.

 All way Violet can stay  with the family is by leaving the country just to apply for the right  paperwork.

 Dry and violet got married in  Singapore five years ago and have three children.

 The returns to the  UK last year when Craig lost his job and when Violet came back on a  two Risby that, rather than a marriage fees that, she has been  told that it is is not sorted out she will be deported.

  If her another cannot leave her three children.

 It is depressing  and it seems there is nothing I can do.

 IG calling the UK Border Agency  and there is nobody I can speak to.

 They keep telling me that I should  go.

 Her linking it is my home and I was born and bred here.

 I are  coming home and not try to come into a different country.

 I'm  bringing my waveform.

 He Violet has tried to apply for  the correct visa but has been told the only place you can do this is  back in Singapore.

 If the UK for the agency told us that those who  arrive in the UK on a general visitor's visa and not permitted to  switch to the marriage these are rude ones in the UK.

 If she does  not have all entirely returned to the UK, we will take steps to  remove her.

 Here is the problem.

 If she leaves  her family in Lincoln and goes back to Singapore, she will have to wait  several months until her application can be processed and  there is no guarantee she will get it.

 If the entire family goes, if  the cost could be so great that the list that they could be left  penniless and homeless.

 First of all, I had nowhere to live  in Singapore so where will I live well by apply? They cannot afford  hotels.

 How can I get a job if into Mac weeks time, violence could get  thrown out of the country? I am here with three small children.

 How  can I get a job, it is a catch 22 situation.

 Trade and file is say  their only mistake is to fill in the wrong form.

 It can be the most  costly mistake this family ever makes.

  Her we will fall that story and like you know what happens.

  A Grimsby vet has been struck off for serious professional misconduct.

  Also homes or the Waltham Veterinary Clinic has answered  charges related to his treatment of three cats and dogs.

 He is accused  of undertaking unnecessary surgery outside his area of competence.

 The  disciplinary committee found animals when injured by the surgery  and the dog had to be put down.

 And East Midlands Ambulance Service  has confirmed that they have used private ambulances during the  winters.

 Calls to the service in the county are up by 40 % this  winter compared to the same time last year.

 If cold weather and the  flu have put extra demand on the service.

  He had an award-winning surface -- an award-winning school in Hull is  to be demolished a little over 20 years after it was built.

 Kingswood  College of Arts is part of a major round of if scale redevelopment in  this city given planning permission.

 The new school is due to be  completed by next September.

 It cost more than £70,000 and was  designed to give adventurous youngsters a place to pay play.

 But  two years since his assault course was built in Grimsby, it stands  unused.

 It was closed just months after opening following complaints  by neighbours.

 Plans directorate difference side had been turned  down appoint An eyesore or state of-the-art climbing equipment.

  It all depends on how you look at it.

 This high-wire us all cause for  teenagers has caused controversy ever since it opened.

 Local  residents claimed it was too tall, to close to their homes and invaded  privacy.

 It is jiggles to private housing full staff I used to like  them go on debt but I can see the point of the and Cemetery, if there  is a funeral going on but it is in the wrong place will start if I do  not want to look get my window and that will stop one of the  complaints was the size of it at all was well 0.

5 metres tall.

  cost around £75,000.

 The council provided more than half the money  to build it.

 Half it is standing a will and is a  waste.

 I can understand that any investment in terms of a young  people is a good one.

 It if it could it is an temporary setback.

  Who quit it was used for a few months when it opened back into his  mandate but after complaints from local residents, it was closed.

 The  council are looking for a sight to relocate it took at no one was  available to comment from the centre.

 Local Boris's said it is  keen to move the fat with and get it back in use as soon as possible.

  But Apple local planning permission was rejected, the question remains,  You can get in touch with us about 5,000 people have signed a petition  against the closure of a Lincolnshire driving test centres.

  The site in Louth is due to close in February leaving learner drivers  to face a round trip over 30 miles to take their test.

 Today the  petition was handed into the Louth MP Sir Peter Tapsell.

  Campaigners met the local MP at his surgery this morning.

 They are  hoping they can convince the Government to overrule plans to  close Louth driving test centre.

 More than 1000 people have signed  the petition.

 There are over 1000 signatures, in the half century and  have been in Parliament it is the largest number of petitions I have  ever received.

 More than 1000 people used the Test centre last  year but it is, due to close next month.

 If that happens they needed  alternatives will be Skegness or Grimsby.

 Driving instructors say  that would mean less us would have to be longer and would cost twice  as much.

 It will discourage people from learning to drive which could  put people on the road illegally.

 They will drive without having  taken their test, no insurance.

 It is also going to increase the price  for local people because they will have to travel further to take  their driving test.

 Some believe that local instructors will lose  business and so will shops.

 Parents are going to say you will take a  test in Grimsby.

 You are going to learn in Grimsby.

 We will go there  on Saturday morning, you can have your lesson and we will shop.

  Driving Standards Agency says Louth diving centre is not fit for  purpose and could close.

 Campaigners say there are plenty of  other premises available in town.

 Still ahead tonight: Hull City  could even debut to their new signings from Manchester United.

  And stepping onto a stage near us, the Strictly star getting ready to  perform in Hull.

 Tonight photograph is from a near  Now, the weather.

 Are you still talking to me? Only just.

 This is  one of my e-mails.

 I missed the humiliation last night.

 Is there  any chance of seeing that picture The headline is a mild one.

 It is  also windy.

 There will be some rain this weekend but it is not going to  be a washout by any stretch of the imagination.

 Tomorrow there should  be dry weather developing with a lot of shelter in this direction.

  There is a strong south-westerly.

 Whether that rain shadow, I think  there should be a reasonable amount of fine weather.

 It will be very  windy.

 There will be some sharp showers showing up on the radar  picture.

 Most of us will be dry for the next few hours.

 After midnight,  cloud increases and we see some outbreaks of rain pushing end from  the south west.

 Lowest temperatures in the next few hours down to five  or six degrees.

 The sun rises in the morning at 8:10am.

 You high-  water time in Skegness at 2:15pm.

 There is some of rain around  tomorrow morning.

 Through the morning it will generally fizzle  out.

 A fair amount of dry weather developing.

 Even a bit of  brightness, despite the fact there will be a lot of cloud.

 The main  feature of the weather will be the strength of the wind.

 Top  temperatures are on the mild side of normal.

 Looking further ahead,  on to Sunday, there is a risk of rain spreading in from the West.

 It  might start tried but that rain will head in to most places.

 The  first half of next week, high pressure becomes re-established.

  There will be some sunshine but These places are on the Wear map  for the first time.

 More places for you to upset.

 See you on Monday.

  The future of how we elect our MPs has prompted a debate in the run-up  to the first UK white referendum for more than 30 years.

 Later this  year, voters across East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire will be asked  whether they want to change the way we vote in future general elections.

  The way we cast our vote is becoming the subject of a tough  fight between our elected representatives.

 Party-political  colours have been removed as a arguments rage over whether we  should switch from the current first past the post system to the  alternative vote method in future general elections.

 Under AV, voters  rank candidates in order of preference.

 If nobody gets 50 % of  first preference the candidates with the fewest faults is  eliminated and their backers second choice is reallocated.

 This process  continues until one candidate has at least 50 % of all votes cast.

  think we need what we have got.

 If somebody got more votes than me, I  am out.

 I cannot go appealing to the third, fourth and 5th party  votes.

 While the blue corner is largely against any change to the  voting system, the red corner is divided.

 The former deputy Prime  Minister, Lord Prescott, is one heavy weight opposed to change.

  Alan Johnson will campaign for a Yes vote.

 There are people on all  sides of this argument that break political ties.

 I think that is  healthy.

 I like to see that.

 I will not follow it with friends over  this.

 Over the next few months, Westminster's finest will be  slugging it out for your vote.

 10 will be hosting a debate on the  alternative vote system this weekend.

 It is on the Politics Show  on Sunday at 12 o'clock.

 Thank you to everybody who got in  touch about their experiences with the swine flu vaccination.

 The  virus has claimed 10 lives -- lives in East Yorkshire alone this winter.

  Operations have been postponed.

 know that this strain of flu is  perhaps causing problems in younger people.

 We would encourage them to  come along and have the vaccination.

 Subtitles unavailable for 0 minutes  There was a big response on this  Scunthorpe United and Hull City have reported new faces today.

  United have bought Paul Reid from Colchester and taking another  player on loan from Manchester City.

 The Tigers have signed and Northern  Ireland international from Manchester United's reserves.

  It has been a torrid time for that iron after defeat after defeat.

  They have enjoyed playing away.

 Manchester City's player and Paul  Reid from Colchester could make their debuts.

 We need fresh faces.

  The striker is one of the areas I am looking to strengthen.

 It is  difficult in January because prices become inflated.

 The alarm  revelation becomes a pace at Hull City.

 They have new faces, Corry  Evans and James Chester.

 There is a new destination for the  Mariners on tour bus.

 This time, near Birmingham.

 I want to go to  Wembley.

 I never got there as a player, I got close a couple of  times.

 The second best is to go as a manager.

 Her supporters have  suffered a lot but have stopped by us very well.

 We would love to give  them a day out back in London.

 The former or Lincoln City  favourite will be remembered.

 Richard died earlier this week,  aged just 29.

 The Bishop of Lincoln says the  service taking place tomorrow to mark his retirement will be  bittersweet.

 Tributes will be paid to the Right Reverend John Saxbee  during the farewell ceremony at the city's cathedral.

 He retires at  their end of January after nine years in the role.

 I am quite an  emotional person and I will be surprised if I do not find myself  having to choke back an emotion or two.

 But I will be celebrating the  time spent in this great place.

 An emotional day tomorrow in the  cathedral and you can see an interview with the bishop and  myself when he will be giving me his views on everything from  university tuition fees to female bishops, on Look North on Monday.

  This salsa and the foxtrot will be on the menu tonight as the stars of  the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing come to Hull.

 Led by Brendan Cole,  who won the first series of the Saturday night programme.

 The stage  show features classic dances, but are promising things banned from  Strictly Come Dancing.

 Essential show women dancing has  made Brendan Cole a household name.

 His career could have been very  different.

 I left school at 16 to build houses.

 I did not want to be  at school, I wanted a job.

 I did not like asking my mum before or  money for my pet -- petrol money for my scooter.

 Thank goodness he  chose to put on sequins instead.

 The costumes will not disappoint.

  We try to costume change as much as possible.

 This is one of my  favourites.

 I lent these two other dancers.

 Yet, a bit of sparkle!  Tonight's show, he is hoping the audience will see past his image as  the bad boy of ballroom.

 If you are going to have a label, it might as  well be something like that.

 You do not want to be the wallflower.

 I  speak my mind I do think people see me as a likeable fellow and will  enjoy the night.

 After tonight's performance, the only people doing  the judging will be the audience.

 The time is 6:55pm let us have a  recap: nearly 2000 British tourists up are flown home from Tunisia as  the country declares a state of emergency.

  The team ahead of fixing bolt-holes has never seen anything so bad.

  The weather, windy with outbreaks of rain.

 Top temperatures are mild  at around 12 Celsius.

 E-mails coming in on the subject of  the pot holes.

 Mark says learner drivers are now being taught how to  miss pot holes.

 I ride a motorbike and have had to replace tyres.

  Debbie says the council are not doing enough.

 The need to work  through the night to get the worst potholes fixed.

 Bell says it seems  like the only vehicle owners who are not complaining about the pot  will situation are the tractor drivers who, obviously other main  culprits for damaging the roads.

 The joke is the pay nothing in road  tax.

 Brian says the problem is

 Good afternoon.

  David Cameron says he believes that multicultural in Britain has failed.

  In a speech to a security conference in Munich this morning.

  He said that if Islamist extremism is to be defeated, en-- then its  radical addology must be confronted head on.

  And people of different faiths should be more integrated into  British society.

 In this speech, David Cameron was clear to draw a  distinction between Islam as a religion and what he calls the  political ideology of Islamist extremism.

 Saying that some young  men are rootless within their country, so vulnerable to be ruled  by extremists.

 It was time for a change of approach, he argued,  where all communities are encouraged to share more values.

  We need less of the passive tolerance of recent years and a  more active mus lar liberalism, a passively tolerant society says to  citizens, as long as you obey the law we will leave you alone.

  But I believe that a genuinely liberal country does more.

 It  believes in certain values and actively promotes them.

  He is being patronising towards us.

 Muslims are well aware of their  duties and responsibilities and the need to be good neighbours.

 They  are deeply ashemed of the antics of a small group of extremists, yet  David Cameron appears to be blaming all of us for the antics of a few.

  The Prime Minister is arguing that whatever our back ground, there  should be a sense of citizenship and national belonging, what he  sees as fundamental British vools, not just respect for our culture,  but respect for the rule of law, for democracy and for equality,  whether it applies to gepder, sexuality or race.

 David Cameron  says that we have failed to confront this in the past.

  Thank but many will want to hear more detail about how he plans to  change Government policy.

 A minister in Egypt says that the  Government is trying to set up talks with opposition groups wo --  whose supporters are gathering in central Cairo.

 However, the Muslim  brotherhood have said they will not take part in the negotiations,  unless Hosni Mubarak agrees to leave.

  Egypt goes into a 12th day of the crisis with the heart of the  capital paralysed and most of the country's economic life at a stand  still.

 Tahrir Square in the city centre is occupied by the  protesters, still chanting their slogans, calling for Hosni Mubarak  to leave power now.

 Several thousand spent the night in --  night in the square, they are joined by thousands more during the  day.

 Egyptian Army forces, general respected by all sides have taken  control of the perimeter around the outskirts of the square.

 They allow  the protesters to come and go and they have kept pro-Hosni Mubarak  attackers at bay, sometimes firing in the air to keep the two sides  apart, but feelings are still running high and pro and anti-Hosni  Mubarak elements still engage in host illilities if they come into  contact.

 With the protesters adamant there  cannot be serious talks until Hosni Mubarak goes and the President  himself insisting he will not do it until his term expires in September,  the crisis seems to be in deadlock, but there are contacts going on  behind the scenes, trying to find a formula for a way out.

  There will be a meeting, the Vice- President has called for the  meeting a couple of days ago.

 It will be with different parties  to be consulting with the constituencies, and the main  parties are coming to the meeting.

 In the meantime, hopes are pinned  on the Army to hold the country together and to prevent a slide  into total chaos.

 It will clearly have a big say in  where the politics goes from here.

 Also in Egypt, there has been a gas  explosion at an area along the north coast.

  The pipeline's transplant gas to Israel and Jordan.

 The cause of the  blast is unclear, but the governor says that he suspects sabotage.

 The  future of three Pakistan cricket team members is expected to be  decided at a hearing of the International Cricket Council in  Doha.

 The players, Salman Butt, Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir are  alleged to have accepted money for no-balls to be bowled against  England.

 Yesterday, the Crown Prosecution Service said that the  cricketers and an a agent will face corruption charges.

  David, what effect has the Crown Prosecution Service's decision had  on the ICC? Well, it took everyone by surprise.

 The ICC and the  players.

 Lawyers were not expecting the timing of it.

 What has happened  is that the players have asked the ICC for an adjournment.

 Their  concern is that the criminal case could be prejudiced by the separate  sporting tribunal to be decided here, but the ICC opposed that and  wish to press on.

 As time has gone on, you to assume that they have  dismissed that application, that they have delivered the verdict and  they are getting on with the job of talking about possible sanctions.

  Will we get a decision today, David? It is hard to tell at the  moment, but the briefing from the ICC is that we will get a decision  at some point today and the bands, if they are found guilty could  range from two years to life, so, clearly the ICC wish to press on.

  They have a World Cup in a couple of weeks they want to draw a line  under this affair.

 A National Day of Action is taking  place over the threatened closure of 400 libraries.

 Around 80  protests are planned, supported by

 Hello good afternoon.

 David Cameron  says multiculturalism in Britain has failed.

 In a speech to a  security conference in Munich, he said the UK needed a stronger sense  of national identity to prevent people turning to extremism.

 And he  called for people of different faithes and cultures to be more  closely integrated into British Absolutely not what the Prime  Minister means by tackling extremism head on, but 2,000 of the  right-wing English Defence League marched to Luton today.

 David  Cameron told world leaders that Britain's got it wrong, saying  multiculturalism and a hands-off tolerance have failed.

 When a white  person holds objectionable views, racist views for instance, we  rightly condemn them.

 When equally unacceptable views or practices  come from someone who isn't white, we've been too cautious frankly.

  Even fearful to stand up to them.

 Tax payers' money should be cut off  from any group who don't stand up to extremists.

 Some organisations  that seek to prevent themselves as a gateway to the Muslim community  are showered with public money, despite doing little to combat  extremism.

 The previous Government tried to do just that, but  ministers are looking again at who should get public cash.

 A as  counter protest got under way in Luton, there was anger that the  Prime Minister had not condemned what was happening here today.

  Today's speech by the Prime Minister falls into the trap of  giving the propaganda coup for the EDL.

 We see fascists walk on the  streets today, no mention by the Prime Minister about the EDL and  clearly there are going to be people in the Muslim community  would will say there seems to be win rule for the fascist far right  and a separate rule for Muslims.

 The Prime Minister says he wants  everyone who lives in this country to come together and shir a  stronger identity, but the reaction to hills first speech on the  subject has shown how hard that could be.

  Three Pakistani cricketers, under investigation by the International  Cricket Council, have been found guilty of corruption.

 The players,  former captain Salman Butt, Mohammed Asif and Mohammad Amir  have all been suspended for at least five years.

 Yesterday the  Crown Prosecution Service said the cricketers and an agent will face  corruption charges here.

 Reports from Egypt say that  President Hosni Mubarak has stood down as leader of the country's  ruling party.

 The development was reported on Egyptian TV in the past  hour.

 However, Mr Mubarak still remains president and protesters in  Cairo continue to call for his resignation.

  A call to arms of Tahrir Square.

 The protesters fear Mubarak  supporters are heading their way.

 Those suspected of being  infiltrators are dragged off and handed over to the army.

 It's all  the sign of the siege mentality that's taken hold.

 The government  says it's talking to the opposition.

 But there's little evidence anyone  here is being represented.

 The army tried to persuade the protesters to  move back towards the square today.

 They also met resistance.

 We feel  here that there is something like a conspiracy between the army and the  Ministry of Interior.

 Why do you not want your face to be shown on  camera? I'm afraid they may take me, they may hang me or torture me.

 A  lot of my friends, a lot of people I know have been died under torture.

  The challenge for the people gathered here in Tahrir Square is  where does their protest go from here? We're on the front line, this  is where all the violent scenes have been over the last few days.

  Over here the no man's land, that's been established by the military is  in tact.

 The idea is that the army are keeping pro-Mubarak supporters  at bay to reduce violence.

 That

 and we will be back with a bulletin  Welcome to South East Today.

 I'm Rob Smith.

 And I'm Polly Evans.

 The  top stories: You failed our son.

 The parents of a boy left with  possible brain damage claim a Kent Hospital should have spotted he had  meningitis.

 Nothing will compensate what they've done to him by leaving  him.

 There's just nothing.

 I just want my normal little baby back.

  We are live tonight at the William Harvey Hospital in Ashford.

  Attacked by the family dog, a toddler is in hospital after he was  mauled by a Japanese Akita.

 Also, the million pound pothole  challenge.

 We join the crews out trying to patch up Kent's winter-  damaged roads.

 She lost 14 stones in a year with a gastric sleeve but  still eats biscuits and cake.

 We talk to Ashley Weller about her  experience.

 Save, save, save.

 why the Green Party thinks a return  to water-time thrift is the way for Good Evening.

 The parents of a baby  boy from Kent are accusing a hospital of failing their son after  he may have suffered brain damage.

 Michelle Hayman and Jarno Keen say  the William Harvey Hospital delayed in diagnosing five week old George  with E.

coli meningitis, even though he was born with the condition.

 The  parents from Canterbury claim a 24- hours were lost when they were sent  home from hospital after being told their son simply had feeding issues.

  Tonight, the hospital are launching an investigation.

 This was baby  George just before Christmas.

 But now his parents say he can only  open one eye and can't hear and has been left looking like this because  of what they claim was a failure to diagnose his meningitis.

 It was the  next worse news than being told you've lost your child and your  child's died.

 I've never been so upset in my life, I was hysterical,  I was being sick, I was so worried, I couldn't hear, see, I wasn't  taking anything in.

 It's been an absolute nightmare.

 George's  parents became worried when he turned pale and took him to the  William Harvey Hospital in Ashford, saying they were told he had  feeding issues and there were no signs of meningitis and discharged  despite the fact he had already suffered from meningitis when he  was born.

 Within 24 hours, they were back, tests showed then he did  have meningitis again.

 It's vitally important to diagnose meningitis  quickly.

 Not doing so could result in death or serious after effects.

  E.

coli meningitis is caused by bacteria which grows in the bodies  of healthy people, most cases occur in newborn babies or babies under  three months.

 It's estimated that E.

coli causes about 20% of cases of  neonatal meningitis.

 Nothing will compensate what they've done to him  by leaving him.

 There's nothing.

 I just want my normal little baby  back.

 There's nothing they could say or  do now I don't think that would make it right.

 What should be a  happy time, we've just had a baby, has been the most terrifying time  of our lives.

 Baby George has now been transferred to a hospital in  London where he's awaiting further it'ss.

  Simon Jones reporting there and he joins us from the William Harvey  Hospital tonight.

 What have the hospitals said about what happened  with baby George? They say they're sorry he  contracted meningitis but when he came into the hospital on January  2nd, they say they did examine him specifically for signs of  meningitis but found none.

 But because his condition deteriorated  so quickly once he had been discharged, they're now launching a  full investigation into his care.

 The message to parents tonight from  the Meningitis Trust is nobody knows your child as well as you do,  so if you are not happy with the care, you must ask questions.

  That's a message too from baby George's mother who says when she  came to the hospital here, she was made to feel like a paranoid mother  and she says that because her son had had meningitis before, in fact  spending three weeks at the hospital when he was born, they  should have done the tests quicker.

 A two-year-old boy is recovering in  hospital tonight after being mauled by his family dog.

 Lewis Oliver  from Hailsham was bitten by the Japanese Akita yesterday evening.

  He's undergoing treatment for facial injuries in hospital in  Brighton.

 Police arrived at the home today  which last night was the scene of an horrific attack.

 A two-year-old  boy bitten in the face by a large dog.

 Two Japanese Akitas were kept  here as family pets.

 Many neighbours here didn't want to  speak on camera today, but they told us that this is a close-knit  community and said they'd often seen the family out walking the two  dogs.

 Since the attack, one has been destroyed and the other is to  be re-homed.

 Many people in the town had heard  about what happened.

 It's not right, to be honest with you, to have that  kind of a dog, or any big dog living around kids at that age.

  guess you never know what they're going to do really.

 I wouldn't  really have one.

 I haven't got any children, but I think it's a bit  risky.

 Japanese Akitas are not considered dangerous dogs and are  not on the list of banned breeds.

 Neither was an American bulldog  which mauled to death 18-year-old Zuma Ahmed in Crawley.

 Animal  experts say the law needs to be reviewed.

 We are all currently  working on a bill which is going through Parliament which is to  review completely the Dangerous Dogs Act to take away the notion  that a particular breed can be harmful.

 Any dog can be harmful and  the law must be changed in order to protect the public against any dog  which behaves badly.

 Lewis Oliver was treated at the Royal Alexandra  Children's Hospital in Brighton with his parents at his bedside.

  Despite serious facial injuries, he is said to be recovering well.

  In a moment, a new exhibition of the whale who whose struggle for  life captured the nation's hearts.

 A man's been found guilty of  attempted murder after attacking a group of men with a machete in  Crawley Antonio Batsimba left three people seriously injured last  September in what police describe as a brutal and shocking attack.

 He  will be sentenced in February.

 Antonio Batsimba went on the  rampage with murder in mind.

 Armed with a machete, he hacked at the  heads of his victims.

 These scars are the consequences of his actions.

  Samir will be disfigured for life.

 He's lucky to be alive after what  Antonio Batsimba did to him.

 What started as a mass brawl between two  groups of men here in the heart of Crawley, escalated to attempted  murder.

 Antonio Batsimba saw his friends involveded in a fight and  joined in.

 He took this machete and wielded it with fury.

 He hacked at  Samir while he was lying helplessly on the ground.

 Antonio Batsimba was  found guilty of attempting to murder him.

 He also attacked this  man, Sansul.

 Antonio Batsimba pleaded guilty to causing him  greefious bodily harm but was acquitted of attempting to murder  him -- grievous bodily harm.

 This was a shocking, brutal attack, the  circumstances of which were described in court as horrific.

 The  defendant went from one victim to another, striking them to the head  with this lethal weapon.

 It's very fortunate that nobody was killed.

  Shahil gave evidence against Antonio Batsimba but the jury found  him not guilty of wounding with intent.

 Antonio Batsimba was the  only man charged in connection with the fight.

 After the verdicts were  returned, the court was told that Antonio Batsimba had previous  convictions for robbery and assault.

 The judge described him as  extremely dangerous and warned him he faced the prospect of a very  long prison sentence.

 Antonio Batsimba was taken back to  prison this afternoon.

 He'll be sentenced next month.

  A former deputy head teacher who worked at the Dorothy Stringer High  School in Brighton has pleaded guilty to a string of Internet  related sex offences.

 Kenneth Browne admitted six counts of  possessing six images of indecent children and making them.

 He was  granted bail to return to Lewes Crown Court for sentencing in  February.

 A second man's been charged with murder following the  discovery of a body in Sussex.

 39- year-old Craig Palmer was found  dead in Brighton at the weekend, he died from head injuries.

 Mike Zur  and John Battamms appeared before the magistrates this morning.

 A  promise to find and fix the potholes as quickly as possible,  Kent County Council describe that as a priority as they launch their  drive to repair the roads.

 More than 5,000 miles of roads are  maintained by Kent's highways department.

 Almost 60 crews are  working to repair potholes caused by the freezing weather, in a sieve  day -- safety blitz costing pnds 5 million.

 The scars of a road  battered by wintry weather -- £5 by wintry weather.

 This road for a  start is potentially dangerous by its so-called traffic calming  measures.

 Traffic has been swerving to avoid the potholes and as a  consequence there have been near misses.

 Now the aptly named Halls  Hole Road is the first to be filled.

 This hole is the first one  measuring 28 inches across and four deep.

  The council will be hoping to avoid paying more drivers compensation  for damage caused by potholes.

 Last year, claims in Kent came to a  total of £50,000.

 Some garages have seen an unprecedented number of  cars being brought in for repair.

 So the council's chief says  spending to fill up the holes will be at least £1 million.

 It will be  whatever it takes.

 I suspect it will be more than a million pounds.

  Our top priority is to find and fix the potholes across Kent as fast as  possible to the best possible quality.

 Last year, about two  thirds of the money spent on filling potholes was actually spent  on compensation.

 So it is an irony if more money's spent on  compensation, the highways authorities haven't got enough  money to fix the roads.

 But it's an issue that has to be addressed.

  It's particularly dangerous for cyclists, motorcyclists and car  drivers.

 So this is a welcomed move, and, the council says it  appreciates any more information directing them to holes that need  filling around the county.

 We've already had a lot of comments  about this story on our Facebook page.

 If you want to join in the  debate that's taking place, you can go to the face back page.

  -- Facebook page.

 It's been confirmed there will not be an  inquest into the death of a pregnant schoolgirl who died last  week.

 15-year-old Leah La Roche and her baby died at Medway maritime  hospital on Thursday, it's believed she suffered a cardiac arrest.

 The  former Conservative MP for Eastbourne Nigel Waterson, has  launched libel proceedings against the man who beat him in the general  election, he says Liberal Democrat Steven Lloyd falsely accused him of  being involved in the MPs expenses scandal in his election literature.

  We have just been hearing how the freezing weather has been causing  problems with potholes.

 There is concern that the recent spate of  harsh winters could also accelerate the crumbling of the white cliffs  of Dover.

 They're synonymous with Dover, an image of England.

 But  slowly, the white cliffs are being eaten by the sea.

 A normal winter's  day and, all of a sudden, part of the cliff literally just plummeted  straight down after hearing the rumble.

 From here, you get an idea  of how much of the land fell into the sea.

 There's estimated to be at  least a thousand tonnes of chalk crumbled at the bottom of the  cliffs, possibly more.

 Experts say if we continue to get freezing  winters leek the one we've just had, we could see rock falls of this  scale much more frequently.

 chalk is inherently unstable,  particularly at high angles.

 When it gets wet and particularly cold,  water in the cracks will freeze, weaken it significantly, which  eventually when that freezing stops will cause the cliff to fail.

  The famous cliffs stretch 20 kilometres along the Kent coast.

  Rock falls are common and can be anything from a few rocks to a  couple of thousand tonnes.

 On average, the cliffs recede 15-25  centimetres a year, but those who know the cliffs well say that's no  cause for concern.

 It's taken 26,000 years to create the 20-mile  gap that we have now between Britain and France and we have seen  no evidence that that level of ekotion is increasing.

 -- erosion.

  Whether future winters are colder or milder, the sea is still the  cliff's greatest enemy, constantly eroding, taking us inch by inch  further from France.

 It's fast approaching quarter to  seven.

 Our top story: The parents of a baby boy left with possible  brain damage claim a Kent hospital should have spotted he had  meningitis.

 Michelle Hayman and Jarno Keen claim a critical 24  hours was lost in the diagnosis of baby George at the William Harvey  Hospital in Ashford.

 The hospital is investigating.

 We meet Ashley  Weller who lost 14 stone after undergoing controversial surgery,  having 80% of her stomach removed.

 Make do and mend, waste not want  not.

 This wartime phrase is what the Green Party say we should be  using to save the planet.

 The seven tonne whale nicknamed  Wilma accidentally swam up the Thames fave years ago.

 She captured  the haars of millions and the attention of the media.

 Despite  several rescue attempts, the northern bottlenosed whale sadly  died.

 The rescue took three days to try and save her, almost 100  experts were involved including divers, vets and port officials.

 At  its peak, some 3,000 people gathered to watch.

 This week, her  skeleton goes on display in a special exhibition at the Natural  History Museum in Hertfordshire.

 Our Environment Correspondent  revisited the people involved in Wilma's rescue.

 A lone northern  bottlenosed whale struggling in the shall doe waters of the Thames.

  Pictures that captured hearts here and across the world.

 There it  goes.

.

.

 In.

 The rescue attempt brought to a halt at graves End end  when on her voyage, she died.

 Her skeleton's gone on display, almost  in tribute -- Gravesend.

 It's a very iconic specimen so everyone  will remember the whale coming up the Thames and the excitement at  the time.

 So it's a really famous specimen.

  What sort of things can the scientists get from this?  analysing the chemical clues that build up in the skeleton over time,  they can work out where the animal fed, where it lived, which part of  the ocean it came from.

 The display has brought back poignant memories  to the rescuers who were led by a team based in the area and who've  paid a rescue -- return to the area.

 Our best to keep it safe and  comfortable.

 We almost felt we got it to safety; but it wasn't to be,  sadly.

 If the animal had to die, it's much better to use it for  education now, something to engage people with with what is going on  in the seas.

 The whale is offering everybody an opportunity to learn  and perhaps take it further and become more and more interested.

  It's unlikely ever to be be known why the whale entered the Thames.

  The experts have learned something though, they shouldn't attempt a  similar rescue again on such large whales.

 They dive down to 3,000  feet to feed, so they're very strong animals.

 When they go on the  beach, this muscle breaks down and that causes a problem in the  kidneys and kidney failure can happen.

 We have decided not to try  and rescue them.

 We won't try and put them to sleep, but we went do  anything to prolong their life.

 skeleton will be on display from  Saturday until 2nd May and will be taken back for preservation and  More pictures on our welcome back A mother from Surrey's undergone a  controversial medical procedure that's seen her lose no less than  14 stone in 12 months.

 She had a gastric sleeve fitted which reduces  the size of the stomach and can't be removed.

 In a moment we'll speak  to her, first we look at the science behind the controversial  procedure.

 Two years ago, this jumper fitted  Ashley Weller.

 She was a size 30.

 But now she weighs just under ten  stone and is a svelt size ten.

 She'd tried to diet, but after  losing weight, she'd file on more, so she went to see surgeon Marcus  and had an operation to make her stomach smaller.

 The gastric tube  is known as the gastric sleeve procedure.

 That's a keyhole  operation where the stomach is sealed and the floppy part of the  sealed and the floppy part of the stomach removed.

 Four fifths of the  stomach is cut away and you are left with a narrow bit which the  surgeon shapes into a tube.

 If you overeat, it hurts and you may vomit,  so you eat less and lose weight.

 It's a popular option, but there  can be problems.

 Any operation on the stomach can potentially have a  leakage.

 It's very rare.

 A sleeve can never be reversed so it should  can never be reversed so it should ensure Ashley stays slim for life.

  Ashley joins us now with some of the clothes you used to wear over  there.

 These are your jeans and jumper, aren't they.

 You can just  see the difference, can't you.

 They're size what? 30.

 Wow! OK.

 How  much did you weigh when you were wearing those? I was just over 24  stone.

 You are ten stone now? I weigh 14 stone, you've lost the  equivalent of me.

 Yes.

 I think I could fit my body in one of them  legs now.

 At what point did you decide you had to do something?  Just after my second baby, I thought, I can't do this any more,  I had to do something.

 Going for that kind of surgery, that's a  really dramatic thing to do.

 So why do that? I've tried loads of diets,  I've done crash diets, wailgt watchers, me and my dad done a food  replacement shake diet -- weight watchers.

 We both lost five stone  each, but then we put it all back on and more.

 I've tried so many  things.

 So now you've had the surgery and literally 80% of your  stomach taken away, do you feel different about food? Do you feel  different about eating? Yes, if I see someone overeating, I just  think to myself, you really don't need to be doing that.

 People don't  see that you don't need to eat that much.

  So having said that, would you say that it's better to do it through  diet and exercise than it is to go as far as you've gone? Well, I  think in's a difference with people putting on weight and becoming fat  and things, just being older and overeating, whereas there's  hereditary things.

 My dad and grandma were big, all my dad's side  of the family, so I think it's hereditary and some people do need  help.

 That's why you did it? Yes.

 Are you feeling better for it now?  A lot better, I love it! Thank you very much for coming in to tell us  about it.

 Fascinating.

 Keep calm and carry on, make do and mend.

 The  wartime phrases that helped us get through the war, but that's what  they had to do, they had little choice in those days.

 Nowadays, how  many of us would know where to start if we had to darn something  or mend a chair.

 Natalie is live in Brighton tonight.

 What is all this  about? Thankfully for me, it's not about darning our own socks! We are  being urged to recapture that time when a nation was pulling together  in adversity.

 In this case, Caroline Lucas says it's about  climate change in which she wants us to go back to the war years for.

  These days, not many young ladies would be told off by a man, of all  things, for putting a ladder in their stockings.

 The wartime effort  to cut down on waste is something the MP for Brighton Pavilion wants  to revive.

 We are launching the Home Front initiative, which is  essentially about seeing what we can learn from the Second World War,  the last time Britain went through a transition, which might be  applicable to the next transition, to reduce emissions and tackle  climate change.

 Caroline Lucas believes we can tackle climate  change by learning from the generation forced to make do and  mend for a different reason.

 In her own constituency, lots of people  are doing their bit for the environment who feel frustrated by  the disposable culture.

 We are encouraged to replace things.

 If we  replace our furniture, we get bored, move on, throw it away, get  something new in and it's that cheapness which is the problem  really.

 How much do you make do and mend, if at all? Do you repair  things much? I try to.

 I don't even mend, look at my bag, I just make  do.

 I'm terrible at repairing things.

 I often throw them away.

 In  terms of recycling, I try my best, yes, and they make it quite easy in  Brighton.

 Darn your own socks? I don't.

 You don't? No, I throw  them away.

 It's not good for your feet to darn your own socks.

  The animation may look dated but the message is not, and if the  Green Party has its way, the modern generation of wanton wasters will  be keen to take lessons in old- fashioned thrift to solve their  contemporary problems.

 On a soorious note, it ku can be  difficult to get something mended if you don't know how to do it  yourselves -- on a serious note, it Let's find out kwha the weather is  going to be doing -- what the weather is going to be doing.

  We have high pressure.

 Also a bit of sunshine.

 It does all depend on  the wind direction.

 As soon as that changes, it can change our weather  and alas, that's what's going to be happening in the next few days.

  High pressure will stay with us.

 We start drawing in a north-easterly,  bringing in moisture from the North Sea and cooler air.

 Added to that,  a weather front out to the east, which will be firing a load more  cloud at us as well.

 The next few days, including Friday, Saturday  and Sunday, even into next week, although a lot of the time it will  be dry, it will be very cloudy and occasionally the cloud will be  thick enough to give us a few showers, but also the winds will be  getting stronger which will make it feel cooler.

 A pretty glum picture  for the next few days, not so much in the way of sunshine at all even  tonight, the cloud will thicken to give bits of drizzle and a few  showers.

 Generally, a dry night and temperatures getting cold must have  to give us a bit of frost.

 Still close to freezing.

 Into tomorrow,  there's not too much to say, other than a blanket of cloud on us all  day long.

 Thick enough for some drizzle or showers, particularly  for Kent.

 Further to the west, west Kent,  Surrey, Sussex, might see a few brighter spells but the  temperatures will be depressed because of the extra cloud.

  Here is the high pressure, normally gives us a big hug with our weather,  but for the next few days we've got

 dismissed suggestions they will  rise soon.

 Now on BBC News, it is You kept your phone on you at all  times, you have kept your voicemail pass were a secret, so how can  someone listen in to your phone This week, Click meets the hackers  who have cracked the mobile phone network.

 Who is listening in to  your calls? A handy guide to buying the right television and a glimpse  into the future.

 A sneaky peek at holographic television.

 Hackers  generally get a bad rap.

 The name is associated with viruses, damaged  hard drives and cyber crime.

 But actually the term simply means  doing stuff with technology for which it was not originally  intended.

 The Chaos Computer Club, an enormous organisation of hackers,  has previously got up to many interesting antics.

 They also  regularly demonstrate serious problems with existing technology  which the rest of us assumed was safe.

 We went along to their most  In internet years the Chaos Computer Club is getting on a bit.

  This is its 27th annual Congress.

 Few have heard of it outside  Germany, but perhaps they should have.

 Concerns of privacy and the  administrative use of technology are often dismissed as a German  thing, informed by the country's troubled history with surveillance.

  These days these preoccupations are more widely felt.

 With that  knowledge comes fear, mostly because of surveillance.

 We try to  teach people about what is possible.

 That we can shape the future of  using technologies and we do not have to wait to see what  governments decide, we want to form this future.

 The chaos Computer  Club has identified security flaws in government IT systems, it  reproduced the fingerprint of Germany's Interior Minister,  allegedly lifted from his drinking glass, to demonstrate the weakness  of biometric security systems.

 Airport security is something else  that chaos has set its sights on, passes allowing staff into secure  zones at airports often used radio frequency identification, Chaos has  demonstrated with the right here, a terrorist can reproduce the bad,  and even gained access to the most sensitive parts of an airport.

  Congress was looking at the security flaws in mobile-phone has,  now the problem with hacking phones it is illegal so the club set up a  GSM network to explore how to eavesdrop on a technology widely  perceived as a cure.

 Everybody knows the internet is insecure and  you have to be careful what you do on the internet because there are  people out there that can do things.

 But with telephone networks, the  surveillance is not there.

 People think a mobile phone conversation  is safer or more secure than doing something online on the internet,  which is not true at all.

 Harold maintains the GSM network's  reliance on security technology developed in the 80s, he believes  Telecoms will not up security until there is a public call for them to  do so.

 In the meantime there is a risk others could listen in on your  calls.

 Organised crime has been doing this for some time, secret  services have been doing this, police forces as well for  legitimate reasons.

 But, there are attacks on the system that has been  done for 10/15 years now, and any one who wants to do it can.

 There  is clearly something very contradictory about setting up an  organisation dedicated to Chaos but there is a community, albeit a  community of ideas and issues, to mobilise around.

 Privacy is very  important and there are parts of the congress closed off to cameras  but it is more about openness, that means opening things up like open  source software and platforms but also hacking government, opening up  what is seen as a closed system to greater transparency and scrutiny.

  We need to adapt to the internet age and what we need is a new  definition of secrets, some secrets deserve to be there but many do not  and deserve to be protected.

 Hacking government might not mean  remotely breaking into the Pentagon but reconstituting government as  more transparent redefining what is meant by secret, Take That would  site on the run Wikileaks, some believe the best way to undermine  it is not to close it down but to offer greater protection under the  law for whistle-blowers.

 They need to show whistle-blowers that they  can take the issue seriously, and they can provide a change that they  are looking for.

 They are so many cases where we do not see the  organisation reacting responsibly, and we do not see the authorities  reacting responsibly, the media and the journalists and in best kick to  kick -- investigative journalists, no wonder we have Wikileaks.

  Digital doorways can be prised open, and the law is not much of a  deterrent, it is so difficult to know who is picking the lock.

 What  we put behind those doors is now up for grabs, now we need to rethink  privacy, security and secrecy to get some order out of all this  David Reid braving the Berlin blizzards, your thoughts on this  issue would be very welcome.

 It is .

 The big story this week is that  Nokia will in future produce smart phones running Microsoft's Windows  Phone 7.

 The dwindling sales of smart phones using other platforms  was described as like standing on a burning platform.

 Nokia has jumped.

  Expect to see the Windows operating system on cheaper phones.

 There is  more on that in next week's special programme from the Mobile World  Congress in Barcelona.

 The Chrome Web Store takes centre-stage.

 Some  The new beta release of Firefox 4 includes a button to easily opt out  of being monitored by advertisers.

 The do not track feature prevents  people sending cookies which can An iPhone app which guides sinners  through the process of repentance has received the blessing of the  Catholic Church.

 Or, to be more precise, a bishop in Indiana, USA.

  A spokesman for the Vatican made it clear the app does not replace  confession.

 That requires both the penitent and the priest to meet in  person.

 No amount of technology can deliver that solution.

 A while ago  we showed you how television and laptop makers were trying to make  3D displays which you could watch without having to wear the glasses.

  The thought being that it was the glasses that put a lot of people  off 3D TV in the home.

 Some suggest that 3D may have bigger problems  than just the spectacles.

 3D displays make your eyes work in  an unnatural way.

 When you look at objects in the real world your eyes  will focus on and converge at the same point.

 But when watching 3D  images, although your eyes point at objects which are supposedly in  front of or behind the screen, they remain focused on the screen itself.

  This is true of 3D working with and without glasses.

 Critics say that  too much 3D content, or where the depth of the image is too much,  then the viewer will get eyestrain and headaches.

 As we saw recently  on Click, several major manufacturers of 3D devices have  said that young children should not watch 3D at all.

 Some think those  warnings are out of proportion.

 Some critics have suggested an  alternative technology which will not cause eyestrain.

 They say that  the only way to do 3D properly is with holograms.

 This is a  holographic TV.

 It is still an early, early prototype.

 The image  is dim and flickery.

 That is just in one colour full colour is even  worse.

 It can cope with video images.

 It does look 3D when you're  sitting right in front of it.

 It uses the same technology as  holographic photographs.

 The image is stored as an intricate set of  interference patterns which only form the desired image when you  view it from the correct angle and For each object in this scene, the  light is being projected out of the screen to converge at the point  where the object would be if it were really there.

 That means that  my eyes can converge at and focus on the same point, which is what  your eyes do in the real world when they are looking at 3D objects, it  is not what they do when they are looking at traditional 3D when they  have to focus on the screen but swivelled to somewhere behind the  screen.

 With holographic TV, you can bring the image in front of the  screen or way back behind it without causing eye strain.

  Unfortunately, that last seen was a mock up of what I could see from my  position, the problem is in order to view a hologram from any angle  TV would need to display many more interference patterns and that  would take an enormous amount of data.

 This system gets around that  by tracking the viewers' eyes with two cameras and only creating the  interference patterns for be.

 You are looking from.

 this does  severely limit things, it can track four pairs of eyes at once and  projecting images to each of them.

 Although this is just a first  generation prototype it does already generate a convincing image,  the next generation will apparently get rid of the flicker and that  includes when you are watching full-colour video and it will be a  lot thinner because this has been pulled together from medical  equipment believe it or not.

 All of the teething problems have got to  be sorted by the end of 2012 because that is when the developers  We have seen one possible future of television.

 This year, it will  probably be holographic, but you will need to consider an enormous  number of figures and features.

 Our reporter has taken viewing time out  of her schedule to give us this guide for buying a new television.

  What is left to know about buying a television? Not much if you enjoy  sifting through tech specs.

 If you would rather watch television than  trawl through the jargon, keep watching.

  At the starting stage, how large do you want it? Here is one idea.

 Work  out how far you sit from your television in inches and divided by  three, or four if you want smaller.

 If you want a giant picture, no  equation will get between you and that 50 inch monster.

 Before you  get your wallet out, size is not everything.

 If you get greedy with  screen size, you might be missing out on quality.

 Televisions in the  store may be set up differently to how you would have it at home.

  Brighter colours might be hypnotising and they are probably  using a good feed.

 It is not a consideration if you are using  high-definition.

 The way a television manipulates standard  definition pictures tells you a lot about the processing chip.

 You get  a feel for it by watching it in SD.

 If in doubt, take along a few DVDs.

  Something from your own collection that you have seen on your  television that you are upgrading from and get the store to play them  back.

 You can judge the quality on that.

 Another word of advice, see  if you can watch a football match.

 If a television set is showing  cartoons, they are designed to show brilliant colours that really pop  out of the screen.

 A football match is more muted, showing fast-moving  action.

 You can determine whether you are getting a judder or a smear  across the screen.

 Stay away from those.

  Stay away from a few others also.

 Cheaper LCD screens used to suffer  from poor viewing angles.

 Now, not so much.

 It is worth inspecting  your television from different angles and seeing how the screen  deals with reflected light.

 One easy thing when buying is the  sound.

 If you're not going to buy home theatre surround sound, you  need to check the speakers.

 Check the volume at low and high levels.

  Make sure that speech sounds clear and that when you do turn it up,  you're not getting distortion.

 Now, the smaller things that help  narrow your choice.

 How many inputs in the back? Can  you get around the remote control easily? How does the on-screen  guide seem? Ultimately, how well thought out is the television?  When it comes to using a television, design is not at the forefront.

  People are flummoxed by complicated controls and cannot get to grips  with the menu system.

 There is one thing that manufacturers can  improve.

 Not the picture or audio, but how usable it is, to make  televisions at accessible and engaging as possible.

  It is game on as manufacturers engage viewers with new 3D capable  televisions emerging on the market.

 You will pay a significant premium  while they are in their infancy.

 Like most new technology, the cost  is likely to come down significantly and rapidly.

 For now,  it is one for the sports fans on avid gamers.

 Other features include  the addition of internet connections.

 You do not have to get  a new television to update your viewing experience.

 Devices like  the Boxee and Apple TV work with your existing television to give  you limited access to the internet on a television.

 Some mainstream  media files work from sites like YouTube.

 The PlayStation 3 and Wii  allow access to the internet.

 Televisions are like pets.

 Think  about what you want as when you have decided, it will be in your  house for a long time.

 Knowing what you're after is rewarded with the  television of your dreams.

 She watches almost as much  television as me! That guide will be up on our website with details  coming soon.

 You will have heard us talk in the  past about Windows, the operating system for PC.

 Also, the equivalent  for Apple, OSX.

 There is a third flavour of operating systems.

  Admittedly, we do not talk as much about it.

 Linux.

 It describes a  family of operating systems that are based on UNIX.

 They are free  and open source alternatives to the other two.

 It sounds technological.

  These days it does not have to be.

 If you want an operating system  that is fast, free, and has a reputation for security, why not  ditch your premium OS and give this one a try? Here, you can do that.

  There are seven different versions to choose from and by trying before  you install, you can preview the desktop by burning a CD and using  it to boot your machine.

 It sounds complicated but there are  instructions on the site and it is worth persevering if you want to  win a geek badge of honour and join the ranks of users.

 Once downloaded,  reboot your computer with the CD instead of your installed operating  system.

 This means that crucially, you can try out the operating  system before making any permanent changes to your computer.

 The  operating system will be incredibly slow from the CD but do not let  that put you off.

 That has to do with the mechanics of the CD rather  than a fault with the operating system.

 It means that any hardware  conflicts can be protected before an irreversible installation.

 That  is a big comfort when making a radical change like this.

  People rarely like the way their voice sounds in recording.

 Do not  let that bother you.

 Change it with Audacity, a free download for  Windows, Mac and Linux machines.

 It has provisional support for Windows  7 in the latest release.

 If you podcast or enjoy using the lip  synching animations I have shown you recently, this could be a  welcome addition to your creative arsenal.

 You can edit, trim, and  affect or even remove unwanted noise like breathing before  exporting the track for use.

 There are many pre-installed  effects that help boost and smooth out your tracks for broadcast.

 You  can run it through an equaliser which has a good selection of  presets for different sound quality.

 I want to show you the home of a  web developer now.

 As well as being loaded with little toys, if you are  looking for inspiration on how to put together a website, this could  be an excellent place to start.

 I have said it before and will say  it again, I like a nice interface.

 I could sit and play with this home  page for hours.

 There are not enough sites that you could say  that about these days.

 When you're done playing with the home page,  there are cool toys to use in your lunch break.

 This makes a cool  screen for music or why not try doodling in 3D? Another excuse to  wear my 3D glasses! If you are having trouble with the  language of love this Valentine's Day, you might want to ask Google  for help.

 Google Translate works in real time  across 57 languages and will speak the translation back to you or the  person you are trying to communicate with.

 These mobile apps  for Android and iPhone phones use voice recognition so you can use  them anywhere as long as it is quiet.

 The language of love is not  counted in the translation list but it is pretty special and bound to  impress if you want to ask your cute Spanish neighbour out on a  date.

 You can check her links at our website.

 That is where she  lives most of the time.

 Rent is cheap! You can find a video stream  of the programme and a link to our sister programme on BBC World  Service radio.

 It is called Digital Planet.

  After our report from Berlin, the Digital Planet team are a few  kilometres up the autobahn at a cyber security conference in Munich  to find out if it will be possible

 lunchtime.

 Join me on the radio  Fears of racial tension may have left children open to sexual  exploitation according to a former Lancashire police chief.

 Because of  sensitivities perhaps this matter hasn't been addressed some years  ago.

 Good evening.

 Welcome to North West  Tonight.

 I'm Gordon Burns.

 And I'm Ranvir Singh.

 Also in the  programme.

 Detained unlawfully.

 The  bittersweet victory in court for these children who still face  deportation.

 We have compensation but the pain is still there.

  Swinging the lead.

 The golf captain who claimed disability benefits  saying she couldn't walk unaided.

 He thought he had a cough but it  nearly cost him his life.

 How Phil survived swine flu.

  Who'd have thought Roy Cropper was a Labour supporter? It's celebrity  day at the Oldham and Saddleworth by election.

  What was your favourite moment? We look back back at an amazing year  One of the country's most experienced detectives says he  believes investigations into the sexual exploitation of children  have suffered because of political sensitivity over race relations.

  Mick Gradwell, a retired Lancashire detective, says it has been clear  for many years that some Asian men see young white girls as easy  targets for sexual grooming.

 In a separate development, it has  been revealed that nine Asian men from Rochdale have been arrested by  police investigating the alleged sexual exploitation of teenage  girls in Greater Manchester.

 Peter Marshall reports.

  He has 30 years' experience on major investigations.

 He has  decided to speak publicly as support of Jack Straw's  controversial comments about Asian sex gangs abusing a white teenagers.

  If a group of people were going out and doing things, you would target  that trend.

 There is a trend in a small number of men of Pakistani  origin who regard a young white girls as easy meat.

 Jacques stocks  sparked -- Jack Straw sparked controversy with his comments of  last week.

 There is a specific problem with Pakistani heritage mem  would target young white girls.

 Critics point out that most sex  offenders are white males.

 But failing to address it loan issues  could leave it vulnerable youngsters at risk.

 Had someone  come out and said what Mr Straw it did a few years ago, is it possible  that some of these crimes would have been prevented? Would some  teenage girls have been warned by the problem had not got into the  situation so that they have done? Because of sensitivities, perhaps,  this matter has not been addressed some years ago.

 It is a breath of  fresh air to hear police officers and police officers are recognising  their mistakes embers.

 It is important that we do as much as we  can to protect girls for -- a from the sort of development.

 I am a  separate development, nine-nation them have been arrested on charges  They what parents and carers to warn their children about potential  In the political storm that has boiled up around this issue, we  have heard from politicians, community leaders and pressure  groups.

 Yesterday, Labour councillors in Jack Straw's  constituency Blackburn hit back, claiming the abuse of young girls  was not a racial issue.

 But what about young Pakistani men  themselves? How have they reacted to the controversy? Dave Guest  reports.

 Lunchtime at the Kebabish  restaurant in Whalley Range, Blackburn.

 Recent publicity  surrounding child abuse cases elsewhere has left some here  feeling outraged.

 Outraged at the appalling nature of the crimes.

 But  outraged also by the attention given to the fact the perpetrators  were Pakistani.

 This action by the user -- by these young mime is  abhorrent.

 It goes against the Pakistani culture and the laws of  Islam.

 I lot of the cases have recently have involved Pakistani  men who have been targeting young white girls were.

 The love lives  outside the Pakistani community.

 They are not involved with a  Pakistani Khalid is a businessman, Zapheer a  community worker.

 Their local MP, Jack Straw, recently said that some  Pakistani men see white girls as easy meat.

 You cannot say it all  Pakistani men grew quite women.

 think TSA it is an issue.

 -- I  think he is saying it is ever sure.

 But he should have been aware of  the impact that these comments would have made.

 They can be used  as ammunition by extremist groups.

 I think that this sort of targeting  of one community about a problem that is happening across all  communities is outrageous.

 Let us not label one of culture or  community.

 It is a British problem.

 It is a topic for discussion but  will remain on the menu for some time yet.

  A family of failed asylum seekers from Bury were unlawfully detained  when they were taken to an immigration centre in dawn raids, a  judge has ruled.

 Reetha Suppiah and her two sons were held in Yarlswood  in Bedford for 17 days.

 Their lawyers say the children were  traumatised by the experience.

 Today a judge ruled they are now  entitled to damages.

 Abbie Jones reports.

  Playing like typical, happy children.

 But Reetha Suppiah says  it has taken months for her sons to start to recover from their time in  detention.

 The news she has won her case is still sinking in.

 I am so  shocked.

 I say thank you.

 The family failed in their bid to  claim asylum from Malaysia.

 But lawyers argued they should not have  been treated as they were by the Home Office.

 Today a judge agreed  their human rights were breached.

 They were taken to Yarlswood in a  caged van at dawn.

 Inside, doors were locked.

 Danahar, the eldest  boy, claimed he was told he was in prison.

 The High Court heard that  after his release, he could not sleep and felt constantly scared.

  When we filmed with him last year, he told us this.

.

.

 I do not want to  go to that place again because I cannot sleep at night.

 I have got  nightmares.

 Lawyers had argued the whole  Government policy on detaining families with children was unlawful.

  The High Court did not agree.

 But Reetha's solicitor says it is still  a positive result.

 They judge it was very clear that the children  could only be attained -- be detained on an exceptional business.

  Not when it is convenient, but when it is a last resort.

  The Government announced last month that detention of children like  Danahar and Emmanuel in places like Yarlswood will end by May.

 Reetha  and her children will now receive compensation.

 We have compensation,  but the pain is still there.

 This car is still there.

  CCTV footage showing the last known movements of a man who's been  missing since before Christmas have been released by police today.

  Nathan Tomlinson disappeared after leaving his work Christmas party in  heavy snow in Manchester.

 Police believe he got lost while trying to  get home.

 There is a chance he could have left that area across  one of the bridges not covered by cameras.

 He could have walked down  Meadow Street and gone along to the Frederick Street area.

 We are  appealing today for anybody who may have seen him to come forward and  give us information as to which route he may have taken so we can  continue to search in other areas.

 The convicted drugs baron Curtis  Warren will have his appeal heard next month.

 It will be at the  Supreme Court in London at the beginning of February.

  Two years ago Warren was sentenced to 13 years in prison for planning,  with five others, to smuggle £1 million worth of cannabis into  Jersey.

 Workers at the Heinz factory in  Wigan are staging another one day strike in their dispute over pay.

  Union members voted against a pay rise of 3.

5%.

 Heinz says it is  disappointed by the action and says it could affect the future of the  site.

 A cannabis factory with a value of  up to £1 million has been found in Nelson.

 It's one of the largest  ever discoveries of its kind in East Lancashire.

 It was found at a  disused mill on Brook Street yesterday.

 Police say the  electricity alone to power a cannabis factory of this size would  be £30,000.

 Valerie Lewis loved golf, playing  up to five rounds a week.

 She even became ladies' captain of her local  club in Runcorn.

 But all along, she was claiming over £40,000 in  disability benefits, telling the authorities that she could barely  walk.

 Today she was given a suspended sentence for benefit  fraud, but the court heard that she will probably never pay back all of  that money.

 And Mrs Lewis' golf club has stuck by her, as Naomi  Loading up.

 Teeing off.

 Playing the fairways.

 Valerie Lewis did it all  several times a week.

 The court heard that Valerie Lewis  paid £600 a year to be a member of this golf club near Runcorn.

  Playing up to 18 rounds a month, each time walking 5 or 6 miles.

 She  even became ladies' captain here.

 But at the same time, she was  claiming disability living allowance receiving over £40,000  over eight years.

 On her claim form, Mrs Lewis said that she could  barely walk unaided, that she required constant support and  couldn't even cut her own food, or fasten her shoes.

 The results of  this surveillance operation suggested otherwise.

 There was a  stark contrast between how she portrayed herself on the claim  forms to what we saw when we started to put her under  surveillance.

 We did not see any evidence of any disability.

  In court, she admitted failing to notify authorities that her  condition had changed.

 She was given a 24 be suspended sentence  and ordered to complete 200 hours of community work.

 that brought was  quite deliberate.

 The money she defrauded has been denied to more  honourable members of society.

 -- a vulnerable.

  Today Sutton Hall Golf Club confirmed that Valerie Lewis  remains a member.

 One of its committee members even travelled to  court to support her on behalf of the club.

 Mrs Lewis is still  receiving separate incapacity benefits.

 Judge Stephen Clarke  commented on the fact that she is using these to repay the £40,000  she owes at a rate of just £10 a month.

 Less than she pays for golf  club membership.

 Next, to the daily drama that is  the Oldham East and Saddleworth byelection.

 In tonight's episode, a  cafe-owner from Weatherfield and the Vicar of Emmerdale drop in.

  Two days before the voters go to the polls, Labour enlist the help  of two stars of the soaps.

 The Lib Dems produce the party leader Nick  Clegg.

 Stuart Flinders takes up the story.

  Actor David Neilsen or Roy Cropper, who runs a cafe in Coronation  Street? Sometimes it's hard to tell which is which.

 I have had an order  there yet.

 -- I have had no do there yet.

  The vicar from Emmerdale was campaigning for Labour at Tesco's  in Oldham too.

 You look fatter on the television.

  A welcome relief for a reporter who has grown blase about the big  characters on the political stage.

 Ed Miliband has been here three  times.

 Nick Clegg and the Prime Minister.

 It is a bit of a change.

  Then there are the extras, the poster people.

 Do you have to keep  that in the background? You are doing a good job.

  Nick Clegg knows a thing or two about playing to the gallery.

  Moments before a round of TV interviews, he was caught up in a  bit of a pantomime in Saddleworth.

 Politicians are supposed to kiss  babies.

 Not knock them over.

 Mr Clegg it blamed a reporter.

  Being buffeted by the media had clearly given him indigestion.

  on a minute.

 The key question that people need to ask themselves is  not the beauty contest that happens with people passing through.

.

.

 What  I think is important and what most people should realise is who do you  want as you MP? Back in Oldham, the extras were in  danger of stealing the show.

 They are back with the posters.

 You have  spelt my name wrong! The party tries to Michael manager these  things, but there is a lot of scope for things going wrong.

 There is  undoubtedly a lot of scope for that.

 The show finishes on Thursday.

  Stuart Flinders, BBC North West Tonight, Oldham East and  Saddleworth.

 Good to see behind the scenes of one of those visits!  Well, as we've seen, it's a tightly fought contest, particularly  between the three main parties.

 On Friday we profiled the Liberal  Democrat candidate Elwyn Watkins, yesterday Labour's Debbie Abrahams.

  Today our political editor Arif Ansari has spent the day with the  Conservative candidate, Kashif Ali.

 Campaigning on home territory in  Glodwick in Oldham.

 Kashif Ali was brought up around here.

 It really  hits you when you look around with your left and you think you need to  be doing something.

.

.

 He fought the general election here  and put the Tories back into contention.

 Now he wants to go one  better and win.

 It is equality of opportunity and the chance to do  the best we can.

 I suppose that is why I am conservative.

 Is your  family Conservatives? They are now! He's the only one of the main  candidates brought up here.

 But this is very divided territory.

  live in an area which is considered a white area.

 I left school -- I  went to school with a lot of people from Saddleworth.

  Kashif Ali studied at Hulme Grammar School before going to Oxford and  then becoming a barrister.

 Today he went back to talk to students while  I met his former politics teacher.

 His essays are used it to take an  enormous hit long time to mark because they were written at such  great length.

 He was very academically able.

 He was a real  joy to teach.

 Photos on the walls show the boys  and girls who have done good.

 Could he be next? One day, you ought to  be one of these faces on the wall! Yes, it is fantastic going around  and seeing former members of the school and how well they have done.

  Most observers expect the Tories to come third.

 But Kashif Ali is  confident they will do much better than that.

 I was see you on  election night.

 In total, ten people are standing  for that election.

 A keen rugby player from Sale in  Manchester is warning people about the dangers of swine flu after he  nearly lost his life to the virus.

 Phil Smith, who was otherwise fit  and healthy, thought he just had a cough.

 But within days he started  to deteriorate and spent three weeks on a life support machine.

  Elaine Dunkley reports.

 Home and making a good recovery,  life is slowly getting back to normal.

 Just a few weeks ago, Phil  nearly died.

 What started out as just a cough nearly ended his life.

  I did not feel ill.

 I had a cough, that was all.

 I went in there,  smiling, and that was virtually it.

 I was unconscious.

  Phil was fit and well with no underlying health problems suddenly  his family were preparing for the worse.

 The day that he was taken  him, I spoke to the doctor and asked if he was going to live and  they could not give me an answer.

 But they did not think he was going  to make it.

 We nearly lost him.

 It was the worst experience ever.

 I  never want to go through that again.

 For some, the swine flu virus is  fatal.

 In the North West, at least 18 people have died in recent weeks.

  Phil struggles to breathe and is still feeling weak but his  motivation is strong.

 To be home with the children and the cake was  my biggest priority.

 I wanted to come will worsen as possible.

 -- I  wanted it to come home as soon as possible.

  Sport and the Professional Footballers Association has accused  the FA of lacking humour over Ryan Babel's charge for a posting on  Twitter.

 The FA charged the Dutch winger with improper conduct for  posting a picture of referee Howard Webb in a Manchester United shirt  following Sunday's defeat.

 Gordon Taylor, the head of the PFA, says  players could shy away from giving their opinions.

  Macclesfield Town have postponed Saturday's match against Burton  Albion as a mark of respect for Richard Butcher.

 The 29-year-old  midfielder was found dead at his home on Monday.

 It is thought he  died of natural causes.

 Manager Gary Simpson said he was devastated  at the news.

 Manchester City's new striker has  set his sights on ending the club's 42-year wait for a league title.

  Edin Dzeko was presented to the media today for the first time  since his move from Wolfsburg.

 And the 27-year-old Bosnian is hoping  to help end City's drought just as he did for his club in Germany.

 He  suggested that City supporters are more local than United's.

 It is a  very good team, very good coach.

 I hear a lot about the fans and I  hear that most of the people from Manchester are Manchester City  fans! He knows what he is doing it.

 Blackpool Football Club are  planning to sell the naming rights to Bloomfield Road.

 The stadium is  one of the Premier League's smallest grounds but the deal could  be worth several million to the club.

 Wigan's DW Stadium and  Bolton's Reebok are amongst four other teams in the division to have  sold the naming rights to their grounds.

  And a look back now I look at the I did say it would get milder.

 It  will eventually be filled.

 Many places were overcast.

 Lancashire  and Cumbria did see some sunshine.

 Not a bad day for most of us.

 But  it has been dry.

 Tomorrow will be the opposite, more rain on the way.

  This evening, temperatures could fall to it two Celsius.

 When this  band of rain that works its way in, there could be a little bit of  sleet and even some snow falling here and there.

 But for most of us,  it will be a wet night.

 And I really do mean a wet night.

 It will  just keep coming.

 Tomorrow's picture is not wonderful.

 All of  this weather will still be around.

 As it a go through the morning, it  looks like it will continue.

 There might be a spell from mid-morning  onwards when its stars to peter out a little bit.

 But do not be fooled  by that.

 It will be back in the afternoon.

 The rate will continue  to push across the wall of the north-west of through the afternoon.

  There will be a change in wind direction.

 Temperatures will be  back up in double figures.

 The weather at this time of year  The weather at this time of year means it is a quiet time for mother  nature and her offspring.

 If they are not hibernating, they are  certainly making themselves scarce so we thought we would take a look  back at the highlights of last year when we travelled the region and  saw the best of the wildlife the North West has to offer.

 February  brought snore -- snow and we travelled miles to see their snow  We watched satellite tags are being applied.

  In Macclesfield, the -- will be Sometimes, even wilder deer need a  He is fine.

 We saw of flycatchers in Lancashire.

  In Cumbria, we saw red kites.

 Our cameras captured swallows are  returning from Africa.

 Sharks choose the Isle of man for  their summer holiday.

 There is nothing pewter than a  We waited in the dark for hungry Hidden cameras caught auteurs of  returning to reverse in Cheshire.

 And at the inside of duck eggs.

's  our family of polecats and rambling Look at those! In at the Albert  Dock, we discovered a new world.

 Yes, he is real.

  Tatton Park brought the climax of The best job in the world.

  Loads of amazing stuff.

 Which one for you was the best?  Albert Dock I think.

 We did not know what was down there.

 But  Tatton Park, what we got to see there, you can also see.

 Anyone can  walk in and see what we saw there.

 That is the beauty of it.

  We saw you rescuing animals are

 Tonight on Reporting Scotland.

 As  one health expert questions the care of our elderly, we ask if the  treatment they get as they near the end of their life should be limited.

  All we need members of the public to say they would like something  different.

 We need to realise it is not always a drug driven problem.

  It's a deal in black and white.

 Edinburgh Zoo signs an historic  agreement to bring two giant Pandas to Scotland.

  Police investigate after bullets were sent to Neil Lennon and the  Celtic winger Niall McGinn.

 And later, a preview of tonight's  all-premier league Scottish cup tie.

 All to play for here, as Rangers  face Kilmarnock in the 5th round of the Scottish Cup.

  Pensioners groups have tonight labelled as 'dangerous' a call to  limit medical treatment given to elderly Scots who fall seriously  ill.

 It comes after one of the country's leading public health  experts, Professor Phil Hanlon, said aggressive treatments should  be cut for older people who're already in serious physical decline.

  He says reform is needed if the health service is to avoid being  crippled by rising costs.

 David Henderson reports.

  His hospital treatment always good for you? And I you ever too old to  benefit? John Malcolm has just had a treatment for cancer.

 He is in no  doubt.

 The symptoms of the cancer had disappeared.

 On this basis, it  is every six months I attended hospital.

 It is quite a lengthy  period.

 I and 76 years old.

 everyone is so lucky.

 There is  quite a debate as how was a society to bombs to an hour to hour --  response to two and were ageing society.

 But of course, the  question is how our government response? Not well according to  this manner.

 We need a mindset that says there is not always a solution  that is drug driven or machine driven.

 We need a less drug driven  model for our hospitals.

 We need a different direction of travel.

  Scotland's population is getting older.

 In just a decade, it will  grow by more than a third.

 Unless things change, the health and  social care budget will grow by more than a billion pounds.

 It is a  wrong message.

 We should be talking about preventing people going into  hospital, and spending money.

 We need people to be cared for in the  community.

 They going to hospital, and get a hospital acquired  infection.

 People have a right under the law to get equal  treatment for stop as our population ages.

 Hard trousers will  have to be made, should every illness be treated.

 Every time.

  The operators of Scotland's biggest mainland oil refinery have entered  into a deal with a Chinese oil company which its said will secure  more than 2000 jobs.

 Ineos operates the giant Grangemouth refinery.

  They've announced a joint venture with Petrochina which will see  investment to help secure the future of the facility.

 It means it  will secure our was strategic partnership with one of the biggest  oil companies in the world.

 We look forward to developing and investing  in the side.

 Long-term security, security of the business and the  security of jobs in the Grange Ralph site is sure.

  Let's speak about the deal with our business editor Douglas Fraser.

  Douglas, how significant is it? is extremely significant.

 It  supports 7000 jobs.

 By this summer, this company will own half of the  site.

 They are wanting to become a global player, like Shell Oil.

 The  refinery in the south of France is also part of this deal.

 It will get  to pay off its enormous debts.

 And gets access to Chinese markets.

 For  the Chinese, they get access to very valuable technology.

 There is  big investments going in to secure work this development.

 Lots of  focus on building relationships with China, now? Es, it includes  more deals on financial services.

 It could benefit to the Scottish  economy as well.

 There were talks with Alex Salmon yesterday, about  renewable energy appear in Scotland.

 People are looking to get in on the  Chinese success story.

 It also includes the two visitors to  Edinburgh or who are not also big money spinners, but extremely cute  as well! Well another example that sino-  Scottish relations are on the way up is the announcement that  Edinburgh zoo is to take delivery of two giant pandas.

 It's seen as a  huge honour for the Chinese government to loan the pandas.

  They're called Sunshine and Sweetie will be here for ten years.

 Steven  Godden reports.

 With only around 1500 left in the  wild, the giant panda is an endangered species with an enduring  appeal.

 The animal is set to return to the UK.

 An agreement with the  Chinese government signed in London this lunchtime paves the way for  two pandas are to take up residence at Edinburgh Zoo.

 Already, the  arrival of the seven-year-old breeding pair is generating  excitement.

 You see lions, tigers, and other bears.

 Pandas are so rare,  I feel like a big kid.

 They have this reputation about being a big  cuddly toys the that these children have.

 Children will be excited.

  has taken the Royal Zoological Society five years to reach this  point.

 One of the things that reflect well on Edinburgh, is that  when they had the earthquake in China, Edinburgh Zoo was one of the  first groups that went out there to help with the recovery programme  for the pandas.

 A lot to about the developing relationship between  Scotland and China.

 It is the greatest symbol stock of China.

  idea is to bolster the panda population by breeding in captivity.

  A name that does not sit well with some animal rights activists.

 But  it is also about boosting visitor numbers.

 But investment will be  required.

 Catering, toilets, there is a lot of infrastructure problems  that we will be a updating.

 task is to make room for the new  arrivals.

 The panda enclosure it will look much like this, which  currently houses chimpanzees.

 It looks like the pandas will be  getting used to their new surroundings by the start of next  year.

 A boy who died in a helicopter  piloted by rally driver Colin McRae did not have permission to be there,  a fatal accident inquiry has heard.

 The parents of Ben Porcelli said Mr  McRae didn't seek permission to take their son in the aircraft.

 The  six year old was killed in the crash in 2007 along with Mr Macrae,  his five year old son Johnny and family friend Graeme Duncan.

  You're watching Reporting Scotland from the BBC.

 Still to come before  seven: A 30,000 signature petition is  heading for Downing Street in an attempt to save the air base at RAF  Lossiemouth.

 And a charity for the hard of  hearing say a quarter of shops and businesses are falsely claiming to  have a hearing loop.

 In Sport, I'm live at Ibrox where  Rangers and Kilmarnock go head to head for a place in the fifth round  of the Scottish Cup.

 And what now for Kenny Miller as Italian side  Fiorentina say they want the Rangers striker immediately rather  than wait until the summer.

 A police investigation is underway  here and in Ulster, after bullets were sent in the mail to the Celtic  manager Neil Lennon, and the team's young Northern Ireland  international, Niall McGinn.

 Neil Lennon quit playing for his  national side after receiving death threats during his playing career,  but the BBC also understands that Niall McGinn has been targeted  before.

 Our reporter Julie Peacock is at Celtic Park.

 Julie, when did  this all take place? Staff there called police staff in  the Royal Mail office in Belfast on Wednesday called police when they  saw parcels seemed to contain bullets.

 Both parcels were  addressed to the man at Celtic Park.

 Be police are saying that they are  continuing their investigation, and appealing for anyone with  information to come forward.

 After Sunday's match when a bottle was  thrown at the Celtic boss.

 Neil Lennon posted on at his twitter  page, bottles and bullets today.

 is not the first time it has  happened is it? No, Neil Lennon has been subjected to verbal and  physical abuse.

 He has received death rests.

 He had to withdraw  from a match in 2002 between Northern Ireland and Cyprus when he  received a death threat.

 It seemed this death threat was because he  was a Northern Irish player, playing for Celtic.

 The BBC now  understands that this new player has been a victim of this abuse,  too.

 This has provoked reaction across the political spectrum are.

  The First Minister says that those responsible are guilty of mile,  behaviour.

 -- vile behaviour.

 A 30,000 signature petition is  heading for Downing Street tonight in an attempt to save the air base  at RAF Lossiemouth.

 Campaigners from Moray are making the trip to  Westminster aboard a battle bus.

 They'll be joined tomorrow by First  Minister Alex Salmond as they lobby the Government.

 Craig Anderson  joins us now from it's starting point in Elgin, has it gone yet?  No, the bus is still here.

 33,000 people have signed the petition.

  That is about a third of the population of the entire county.

  This bus will set off shortly.

 And they want to stop the uncertainty  about the future of the RAF base here, and the scrapping of the  Nimrod.

 It may be the largest Tornado base  in the UK, and many are leaving for a new tours of duty in Afghanistan.

  But this space is finding its self- in the firing line for the defence  cuts.

 Such a lot of people are employed by RAF here, and vice  versa, the town and the Hall of Moray employs people from the RAF.

  It is a bit devastating, along the road, they are closing two.

 From a  community point of view, it is quite hard to take.

 The economic  impact has spread far and wide beyond the perimeter fence.

 To  towns like Elgin, here.

 Community leaders are determined that RAF  Lossiemouth should not suffer the same fate as others.

 People joined  in this meeting in talks to save at the base.

 We want to make sure that  it is handled rapidly and quickly, we need to take this message  quickly to the UK government.

 have the best Aerospace, the  Treasury knows it makes financial sense to keep the Royal Air Force  in Moray.

 Campaigners heading for London tonight know that they carry  the full support of the people.

 Whether that will be enough to  persuade the government to retain at RAF Lossiemouth, only time will  tell.

 This is the box that contains the signatures.

 The 40 or so, souls,  are already on the bus, ready to go.

 I'm looking forward to the trip?  Yes.

 Everyone is in high spirits.

 They have a long journey, 14 to 15  hours Indies' best.

 There is no doubt about the serious illness of  the task in hand.

 Some of the other stories across  Scotland this Monday: The number of Scottish business  failures last year was up by a quarter, according to the  accountants KPMG.

 The firm said there were just over 1,100  insolvency appointments in 2010, compared to 883 the year before.

  However KPMG said there were signs the market was starting to level  out with a fall in the number of insolvencies between October and  December.

 Residents have been evacuated from  a number of homes in Kilmarnock as a precaution following a chemical  spill at an engineering works.

 Part of the A71 through the town has  also been closed, with local diversions set up.

 It's understood  ammonia leaked from a tank at the Mahle works in New Street.

 Fire  crews have now dealt with the spill.

 The body of an elderly man's been  found on Strathlene beach, near Buckie.

 A Grampian Police  spokesperson told BBC Scotland inquiries were ongoing and a report  would be submitted to the procurator fiscal.

 However, it's  understood the circumstances of the discovery of the body are not  A quarter of shops and businesses are falsely claiming to have a  hearing Lew according to the Royal Institute for the deaf.

 A survey  suggested that some stores disobey hearing group signed even though  they do not have a system.

 -- display.

  This is the sign that tolls if a shop has an induction loop.

 We went  to test the system.

 This is an ample fire for someone who has a  hearing aid -- amplifier for someone who has a hearing aid.

  happens when we turn it off? cannot hear anything at all.

 I can  only feel the vibration of my own voice.

 I will have to rely on lip  reading or watching other people's body language.

 I went shopping what  another hearing aid user.

 He wants to buy a phone so we went to the  Carphone Warehouse in Glasgow.

 It displays a sign on the door but  after 10 minutes he returned empty handed.

 They told me that they do  not have won and I said that there was a sign on the door.

 She said I  will go and get it for you and she came back after five minutes and  said she could not find it.

 We find another phone shop that displays  the sign but he returns empty- handed again.

 They said they make  have had one at some time but did not have won any more.

 When the  Royal National Institute for the Deaf carried out this survey they  stand this was a common problem.

 They found that about a quarter of  shops were not accessible.

 Carphone Warehouse told the BBC they were  sorry and would be fixing the problem.

  And now sport.

 A big Scottish Cup game is coming out at Ibrox.

 The  sporting boys like nothing better than a spot of just 0.

 The it is  beautiful here.

 -- a spot of drizzle.

 Alex McLeish has said he  wants a quick answer from can he Miller about his proposed move to  Birmingham.

 -- can he Miller.

 This could mean he will have missed out  on the player for the second time in his career.

 Along the bargains  to be had is the club's top scorer.

 He is a man in demand but has not  yet committed to a move in Birmingham City to link up with a  manager he knows very well.

 He has an attractive offer from a foreign  country.

 I know that we have a relationship but it is what he  really wants for his career and he is trying to get the best deal in  what he sees as his last move.

 source told us today that they are  very interested in him and want him now weather then waiting for the  summer when they can get him for nothing.

 It appears they would be  able to give him more impersonal terms than Birmingham City but can  they match Rangers in other ways? A deal has been yet to be -- is yet  to be formalised.

 If his contract says he could go for nothing at the  end of the season, they would rather make money than lose it.

  They are certainly doing the business for the club but everyone  is irreplaceable.

 A first taste of that assertion will happen tonight  when James Beattie leads the line.

 We know that can he Miller will not  start for the Rangers tonight nor will he be on the bench for  Kilmarnock.

 Joining me alive at now is the Qamar neck baths.

 This must  be good news for you.

 -- Camara neck boss.

 We are delighted.

 They  have a strong line-up up front.

 Very similar movement to Miller's.

  A very difficult to match.

 similar wiser to go would it be a -  - if Miller were to go with it be a loss to Scottish football? He is  never still.

 He is always moving.

 That is why he has scored so many  goals.

 He is experienced now so I am not surprised that he once -- my  Cleish want to bring him to Birmingham.

 -- make leash.

 You must  be fairly confident.

 I do not know.

 I said to the boys at the hotel as  they were preparing for the match that past performances mean nothing  and you have to go for it again and again.

 It is a fantastic venue and  a good surface.

 It is raining but we are fighters.

 You have are some  attractive players for Qamar neck.

 -- Kilmarnock.

 We will hopefully  score the first goal and take it from there.

 We need to be solid.

  All the best to you.

 That match is live on BBC One Scotland from seven  their 8pm tonight.

 Whoever wins tonight will join Motherwell and  Celtic in the 5th round draw of the Scottish Cup.

  It was not exactly a Clemens debut for Freddie Lindberg and many -- a  glamourous debut for Freddie Lindberg.

 He got the win but had to  work hard for it.

 A close-range shot was fired to give the visitors  the lead at Sheffield Park.

 Scott Vernon replaced him after an hour  and a some magic was braced for Celtic in the 5th round of the  Scottish Cup.

 John Sutton put the steel head in after three minutes  thanks to a precision cross from Jamie Murphy.

 Done the work hard  during the first 45 but during the interval there was a combination  that stretched the visitor's lead.

 Jamie Murphy was impressive  throughout and his goal was just reward for an imposing performance.

  A blue day for Dundee was compounded when league Griffiths  sold red in the closing minutes.

 -- saw red.

  Andy snigger at Wembley, Graham Dott will be playing John Higgins.

  That will be just after 7 o'clock on BBC Two.

 -- in the snooker.

  Our moneyman Fergus Muirhead will be back on Wednesday.

 He will have  been giving advice for the new year.

 Let's get the weather forecast.

  A damp evening is set to give away -- give way to a white knight.

 It  will become heavy and fairly persistent, the rain, but in much  of southern Scotland, it will be at all levels.

 To the north up the  centre it will be wintry.

 We will see significant amounts of snow,  particularly towards the hills, with a five or 10 centimetres  possible.

 It begins to clear as we approach the dawn period.

 What  tumbling temperatures, ice will become a problem.

 It will be  widespread across the country and will lead to have done is  travelling conditions.

 The last of the crab -- cloud and patchy rain  will clear from the east coast.

 Largely dry and bright with crisp  spells of wintry sunshine.

 In the Glasgow area and Dumfries and  Galloway it will stay dry for most of tomorrow.

 From the borders right  up to Aberdeenshire it will be a chilly day.

 In the Northern Isles  there will be some wintry showers and some showers draped around the  northern coast.

 Most of the Highlands will stay dry.

 The cloud  is set to build in -- and will be fresher towards the northeast coast.

  Another bout of rain and snow will move in from the Atlantic across  the country.

 From Wednesday there will be a wintry mix of rain and  snow and it will become brighter with some showers towards northern  and western parts and will finally and western parts and will finally  dragged in much milder air.

 Before 7 o'clock, a summary of  tonight's stories.

 Pensioners say a call to limit treatment given to  elderly Scot who fall ill is dangerous.

 It comes after one of  the country's leading health experts said aggressive treatments  should be cut or are people who are already in serious physical decline.

  And a man has urged the coalition government to reimpose the banking  tax which raised £3.

5 billion last year.

  A gear has been made with a Chinese oil company -- deal has been made  at a Chinese or oil companies.

 The

 told the official enquiry on the  Hello and welcome to BBC Oxford news.

 In tonight's programme:  driven to despair by a lack of support for his disabled child.

 The  man who says he has considered asking for his son to be taken into  care.

 I just want to be able to be a parent rather than a carer and I  feel the majority of my time, I am a carer.

 Also: is it a rubbish  idea? Anger over plans to leave Oxfordshire with just one tip that  can take 10 or household waste.

 And do not mention the war but do  mention his divorce - why John Cleese is coming to Oxford to pay  The father of a disabled boy who needs round-the-clock care says the  pressure of looking after his son has destroyed his marriage and  letting in despair.

 Damian Heywood contacted us following the story of  one and her parents.

 The six year old has a report Pawsey.

 Her  parents asked social services to pertain to care because of the lack  of support they received.

 Matias Heywood who was also six has a rare  condition which means he needs constant supervision.

 His father  says giving up on his son feels like the only option sometimes.

 It  is Friday morning at the Haywards and dad is waking up his son in  time for school.

 But the similarity with most other households stopped  there.

 Six-year-old Mattis has a rare condition.

 He is physically  disabled and has the mental age of a six-month-old baby.

 Four he can  do nothing for himself.

 He cannot sit, stand, talk, eat.

 He cannot do  anything so we have to provide 24 hour a day care every day.

 He says  the day his son was born was the hapless in his life but over the  years, the pressure has taken its toll.

 It has had a huge impact on  our relationship.

 We have currently separated and because of that is  because of the stresses of having to deal with a disabled child.

 I  cannot remember the last time I had a full night's sleep.

 The parents  share caring duties but they want more help.

 Oxfordshire county  council says it is assessing the family's needs but Damian says the  money for six hours' respite care a month that that is currently being  provided, is not enough.

 He is having to consider giving up his  son.

 A part of me that fills I cannot cope any more.

 Giving up my  son to social services to enable them to care for him full-time  would be the last option I would want.

 As Mattis get bigger, it is  becoming more difficult to look after him.

 The Dane and says he  wants to be a father not a carer.

 If he knows this is life could be,  for decades to come.

 A little earlier I spoke to David  Congdon from the charity MENCAP which supports disabled people and  their carers.

 I asked him whether this story was unusual.

 Three would  argue strongly that the supporters inadequate.

 We have many stories  come to us have parents who are saying they are at breaking point  and a few years ago, MENCAP produced a report that showed a  tattered and families were at breaking point.

 They have families  caring seven days a week, 24 hours a day, they're saying we love  caring for our children but please give us some support and we argued  that as a minimum, parents ought to be able to have one night off a  week from their caring if that is what they want.

 But too often they  get little support.

 Damian Heywood says he has considered putting his  son in a care home.

 That is a difficult decision for any parent  to make, isn't it? Most parents do not want to take that decision and  we think local authorities regretfully play on that, so they  know that if they do not give them the support they need, they will  get away with it.

 Really it is a very, very false economy is because  it will cost something like 100- £150 a year to take a child into  care full-time compared to five per for £10,000 a year to provide them  with a good range of short-term breaks, so the families want to  carry on caring because most do want to carry on caring for their  children and they give them very good care, so they should be given  all the support they need.

 What can be done bearing in mind that all  councils are making huge cutbacks? What is ironic is that a few years  ago, we set up a campaign and we managed to get the previous  government to put in a significant amount of extra money in two short  breaks.

 We were pleased when the coalition said they would continue  that an increase it a bit from April this year.

 There is more  money currently in the system for short breaks, but too often local  authorities are not making use of that money in the appropriate ways.

  There is money in the system.

 Of course there are pressures on local  authorities but if they were to spend more money on brakes, it  would avoid taking children into care.

 It is a false economy to do  so.

 They should give all these parents the support they deserve.

  Hospital bosses in Oxford and Southampton are working on a plan  to share surgeons and facilities.

 It means children's heart surgery  in Oxford could be saved and NHS review team says this is not viable  and bigger centres are better for patients but the hospital trust is  in talks of the possibility of sharing resources.

  When she was six months old, this baby was rushed to hospital with  heart failure.

 She was given life- saving treatment at John Radcliffe  Hospital.

 Two years on and her mum is fighting to save the unit which  saved her daughter.

 Everything is on side, they can bring all the  experts to you.

 You can have other ailments wrong with you in children  with heart conditions, of so it is the perfect site.

 Children's heart  surgery has been suspended here since last March after four  children operated their died within a three-month period.

 An inquiry  found one of their surgeon had not been given appropriate supervision.

  Be remain closed while the NHS consider the future of heart units  in England and Wales.

 As the smallest unit, the John Radcliffe  has been ruled out as an option.

 Hospital bosses are talking about  the possibility of merging, which comes as some consolation to  campaigners.

 The problem is is that there are not enough surgeons in  Oxford to increase capacity but we have an excellent interventional  cardiology us who are not operating on children in Oxfordshire.

  John Radcliffe says it is still working out the details but the  idea would be to share a single team of surgeons with Southampton  General Hospital.

 These would complete surgery at roadsides.

 Most  operations can be planned for in advance and if there was an  emergency admission, the hospitals are only 20 minutes apart by  helicopter.

 The NHS will give the public the chance to have their say,  but until that is over, it will not be clear where children will --  where children will have to go to get treatment.

  There is anger over plans to Yids Oxfordshire we just wanted for  general household waste.

 Many could face a much longer journey to get  rid of rubbish that needs to go to landfill.

 Critics say it would lead  to more fly-tipping.

 Dumping waste at the local tip is  something Graham and Gill do more often than most.

 Choosing to  dispose of their own rubbish rather than use wheelie bins.

 Under the  new plans, they would face a 30 mile longer round trip.

 I do not  think anyone should have to travel any further than five or 10 miles  at the most.

 The council's ideas are inflexible.

 The plan is to cut  waste disposal centres from 8 to five.

 Then restrict for them to  recyclable rubbish only.

 Under the new proposals, we will be left with  one dump in the county that will take black bag waste for land full.

  But there is still a wide variety of materials that can be included  in recycling.

 The many bins here take everything from scrap metal to  electrical and trouble.

 The council says the proposals are not as  limiting.

 Visits to waste disposal sites have dropped to a third in  the last three years, so we have to look forward to the next year's to  see if there is any need for the sides.

 To make sure that people use  residual waste facilities that they have.

 But the district councils  themselves are not convinced.

 They met with the county authority to  data voiced strong opposition.

 Under these proposals, Oxford would  have no recycling centre at all.

 We would have to take it into  Kidlington.

 I cannot see at the present moment if I can be  convinced.

 I cannot see any gain.

 final decision will be made next  month on how the authority will change your trips to the tip.

  Still to come: a fitting tribute - a statue to honour the founder of  the Paralympic Games nears completion.

  And singing their praises - the Community Choir celebrating its 5th  birthday.

 A man has been charged with  murdering another man who died from his injuries nine years after he  was attacked.

 Jonathan Barton was 19 when he was assaulted outside  the Beacon pub in Bletchley in September 2000.

 He was left  severely disabled and died in 2009.

 The funeral has taken place of a  soldier based in Oxfordshire who was killed in Afghanistan.

 Warrant  Officer Charlie Wood was with Twenty Three Pioneer Regiment based  in Bicester.

 He was killed in an explosion last month.

 His funeral  was held in his home town of Middlesbrough.

  Where, first stage of creating a statue of the founder of the  Paralympics is nearing completion.

 Artists as Mark Jackson has than  the past two months working on the sculpture of Sir Ludwig Guttmann.

  It will be forged in bronze and unveiled in Stoke Mandeville  lecture.

 Little known outside Paralympics  circles, Sir Ludwig Guttmann is too many a legend.

 The neurosurgeon who  fled Nazi Germany to Oxford, found his calling as Stoke Mandeville.

  Spinal injury patients returning from the Second World War faced  almost no future and usually died within 12 weeks.

 Goodman's use of  sport as therapy revolutionised patient care and saved many lives.

  Leading eventually to the Paralympic Games of today.

 From his  drive and enthusiasm, he has changed the lives of not only  paraplegics but of all disabled people in the world, because there  are opportunities now that if it had not been for him, they would  not have been for anyone.

 Where would you be? I would have been  dead.

 Philip Lewis broke his neck in a car crash in Oxford nearly 50  years ago.

 He was treated by Sir Ludwig Guttmann and is part of a  team raising money to have a statue of him as Stoke Mandeville.

 Long-  time supporter of the spinal unit, said Jenny Saville has pledged  money to the project.

 Now the trust has to find the rest.

 That leaves  us with another 30,000 to find for the statue.

 The good news is that  we have had tremendous support from former patients and staff, which  has raised about 15,000.

 It has then been underwritten by an  individual who hopes not to have to fork out the remaining balance, but  it means the statue can go ahead.

 The sculpture are Mark Jackson  knows all about life changing injuries.

 He had to leave the  Parachute Regiment seven years ago after being injured in a jump.

 He  found his calling in the arts but admits getting the character of Sir  Ludwig Guttmann is it not simple.

 He can be quite a blunt man to work  with will recover under.

 For the statue, I wanted some of the warmth  of his personality.

 The humanity behind a little chap achieving an  enormous amount in his field.

 That charm will be part of the statue.

  After weeks of modelling in his studio, Mark's work is ready to be  cast and then forced and bronze.

 The sculpture will be unveiled in  Stoke Mandeville just before the A choir formed on Oxford's biggest  housing estate celebrates its 5th anniversary this weekend.

 The  Blackbird Leys was put together by conductor Ivor Setterfield for a  television documentary.

 They then performed at the Royal Albert Hall.

  Tomorrow at the choir is holding a special concert to celebrate its  # Gloria.

.

.

 # Fining tuning for a weekend  performance.

 This choir came about in an unusual way.

 The result of a  television programme that aimed to prove classical music could be sung  by anybody.

 Conductor Ivor Setterfield scoured Oxford's  estates looking for aspiring Any more?  It wasn't always easy.

 He found his singers.

 They trained with him for  three months before performing at the Royal Albert Hall.

 It was a  phenomenal adventure.

 It was one of the most exciting experiences of my  life, and the lives of everybody There are a number of new faces and  they are not all from the area, but five years on there is a real sense  of pride.

 It has been a sense of achievement, putting on a full  programme with an orchestra, and do it -- to do it all ourselves.

 I'm  looking forward to celebrating that.

 This community choir is singing its  most ambitious work yet, Gloria.

 It performs tomorrow night at St  They are very good.

 Still to come.

.

.

 As comedy legend they don't get  much bigger than Damocles per which part of Fawlty Towers does he find  most amusing? -- than John Cleese.

 For the first series, writing and  You get that a shift, don't you? That is exactly how much I get.

  Let's start off with the Formula One news.

 The Williams team say  they are considering a stock exchange flotation.

 They say it  could be the best way of securing the future of the firm, and its 450  employees.

 Workers at the Enstone factory of the Renault team will  really have something to celebrate when their team wins a race.

 In the  past one that happened the French national anthem has been played.

  But the firm has become UK and so it will be God Save The Queen from  now on.

 Swindon Town horror Bristol Rovers  tomorrow.

 The crucial game.

 -- are at Bristol Rovers.

 There has been  speculation Charly also didn't want to leave the county ground.

 --  Charlie Austin.

 Who he is a big part of what we want.

 We want  people to help us get to a position where we will be challenging.

 If we  can do that, great.

 We don't know what is round the corner.

 If  something does happen, we will do with it.

 But at the moment he is  not going anywhere.

 The MK Dons travel to Dagenham looking for  their third win on a raid.

 It was a setback at home when they lost to  Plymouth.

 -- On the Road.

 Confidence is high.

 There is no  curse we believe is a must.

 As long as we perform well we will turn the  corner.

 Her Oxford United are looking for the 4th when when they  visit Northampton.

 -- their 4th win.

 With play-off places insight they  don't want to let up.

 We are on a decent run and don't want to take a  backwards step.

 We have got decent relationships.

 We will take a  healthy following.

 We want to go for another win.

 If any of our  sides make the play-offs this year here is what will await them.

  Wembley is unavailable because the Champions League final is being  held there so the play-off finals will be at Old Trafford, Manchester,  over the Spring Bank Holiday weekend.

  Wasps' European Cup hopes are hanging by a thread.

 They have to  beat Toulouse on Sunday in their quest to qualify as the best  runner-up.

 They are relying on other results going for them as  well.

 A photo finish.

 One that has been  described as a 13 million to one chance.

 Take a look at this  greyhound race from Romford.

 The dog with a red jacket is Killishan  Masai, owned by Christopher Kyme from Banbury.

 Watch them cross the  line.

 An unprecedented three-way tie.

 Here is the photograph to  prove it they really can be separated.

 But there were  celebrations for the owners, and the dogs went way, none of them  with their tails between their legs.

 One of those dogs looked like it  had its port just over the line.

 -- paw.

 Do you want to help shape the  content BBC TV channels, radio stations and websites? There's a  chance for you to join the audience groups that provide feedback on  programmes and online pages.

 If you're interested in getting  involved, you can download an application pack  bbc.

co.

uk/england/ace.

 Or there's a free phone number which is 08000  925 078.

 The groups meet six times a year and the BBC is looking for  people of all ages and from all walks of life.

 It's an unpaid role  Good evening.

 A lovely bright and sunny day.

 That might be the last  we see of the sunshine.

 Overnight we can expect a fairly cold night.

  A widespread frost.

 Some bits and pieces of cloud building in.

 A  frosty and foggy start for Saturday.

 The weekend will be largely over  cast.

 A grey and gloomy one on the cards.

 We have got that area of  high pressure which has been with us for the last few days.

 That is  why we are seeing the bulk of this cloud.

 For Saturday, staying pretty  grey and gloomy.

 We might just catch one of two glimmers of  brightness through the course of the afternoon.

 They will be few and  far between.

 The risk of a light rain and drizzle.

 Overnight, a  similar story.

 The clouds staying with us.

 Some white with the  drifting in from eastern parts overnight -- some wet-weather.

 A  bit of a grey outlook.

 Gloomy, fog in part, over cast.

 It stays cold  It is probably fair to say he is a British institution and definitely  one of my heroes of Comedy.

 John Cleese will be performing in Oxford  this summer.

 He is doing a one-man show called the Alimony Tour to  fund his expensive divorce from his third wife.

 She got most of his  money and he has to pay her $1 million a year for seven years.

 I  met up with him at the new theatre and asked how the divorce has  affected his lifestyle.

 The big difference is I would be  doing a lot more writing if I didn't have the alimony to pay.

 I  like writing best.

 But the best way of earning money is to perform.

 For  some extraordinary reason it has always paid more than writing  whereas writing is more difficult.

 Has it left dupe impoverished --  impoverished enough to be tempted back and the celebrity? I was  offered one of those, £200,000.

 wouldn't even do it for £200,000.

  don't understand many things in this world.

 The whole charm of  reality television utterly escapes me.

 It is changing the lives of so  many people because there are so many writers in particular who find  it very hard to get work.

 Writers are nice, worthwhile creatures who  ought to be looked after well.

 They don't need them for reality shows.

  They don't need any talent, that is the point.

  Your divorce, I don't know whether it is a lucky, unfortunate.

 It is  all to do with Californian marital which is insane.

 It does seem  insane.

 Other people have paid out more money then you in a lump sum.

  Tiger was paid out £64 million, but less than half of what he was worth  -- Tiger Woods.

 Also they had children.

 We never had children.

  Alice was living in a council house when I met her.

 She never had  income or assets.

 But that is Californian law.

 If you think she  feels bad about it? I don't think so.

 I think she feels it was fair.

  It wasn't your first divorce.

 You're married to Connie Booth.

  With he knew co-wrote faulty towers.

 She played poorly.

 We answer that?  Fawlty Towers? I am doing it now.

 He says he is going in now.

 --  doing it.

 A you are still friends.

 Tremendous friends.

 We spent an  immense amount of time writing.

 That is why it lasts.

 An average  BBC sitcom is 65 pages of dialogue.

 We did 140 pages.

 There is so much  in it people can watch it a lot of times because they forget all the  things that around it.

 How are you, sir? I can speak  English.

 So, amicable divorce from Connie,  now so great this time.

 We do get married again.

 Possibly.

 I don't  think you ever know.

 You never know what will happen to your life.

 My  favourite joke would be do you know how old you make good laugh? Tell  him your plans.

 It is possible.

 Tell me about the alimony tool.

  We asked the marketing people to get a focus group.

  There is a bit about while I am doing it, very funny stuff about  what I could do with $20 million if I didn't have did give it my ex-  wife.

 They may talk about being born in Weston-super-Mare, getting  into showbusiness, a lot of stuff to talk about.

 You are coming to  Oxford for four-night.

 It is home to two of your Python colleagues,  you were a at Cambridge with Eric Idle and Graham Chapman.

 Did you  spend much time in Oxford? We did two weeks in Cambridge then come  here and do one week in Oxford.

 We did that in 62, and 63.

 I never  spent that much time here.

 You can do a bit of exploring.

 That would  be nice.

 The nicest chance I would have of getting to know the city.

 I  try to get into the university in

 Thanks to George.

 Welcome to East  Midlands Today with Dominic Heale and me, Anne Davies.

  Our top story tonight - did undercover policing rob two  protestors of their right to a fair trial?  They're the last power station plotters to be sentenced, and  they're demanding answers.

 Senior officers in Nottingham and  London now have to answer a very simple question.

 What did they know  and when did they know it? Also tonight - the countdown to  cuts.

 Leicester city council says Plus - East Midlands to the Big  Apple.

 Airport bosses ponder daily flights across the Pond.

  And the spelt comes from Manchester, where Leicester City are taking on  the Premier League's big spenders First tonight.

 New developments in  the strange saga of an undercover policeman embedded with eco-  protestors for seven years.

 The policing minister's weighed  into the row today.

 Nick Herbert told MPs that something went "very  wrong" in the case of PC Mark Kennedy.

  Also today, two more protestors found guilty of involvement were  sentenced at Nottingham Crown Court.

 They say the undercover policeman's  evidence could have cleared them of trying to shut down Ratcliffe power  station.

 And tonight they're The undercover policeman at the  centre of a storm.

 For years, PC Mark Kennedy was informing on  climate activists in Nottingham.

 But it was information which could  have helped them that's been so damaging for the police.

 Ben  Stewart and Sarah Shoraka claim PC Kennedy's secret recordings could  have proved their defence.

 Today they were given community sentences  for plotting to shut down Ratcliffe power station.

 But they claim Mark  Kennedy's evidence showed they were acting to save lives and property  and it wasn't a publicity stunt.

 Within them they should be an  independent, George Read inquiry into the policing of protest  movement, into this trial, into one that Tyco was suppressed.

 I would  say that senior officers both in Nottingham, and in London, now have  to answer a very simple question.

 Border Bono and when did they know  what? What started with a police raid at  this school building in Nottingham has spiralled into a national  debate on undercover policing, as the revelations about Mark Kennedy  raised serious questions about why police are infiltrating climate  groups and how they're operating.

 The case against six other climate  activists was dropped last week when lawyers revealed that evidence  from PC Kennedy wasn't disclosed.

 The Nottinghamshire police  inquiry's already being investigated by the Independent  Police Complaints Commission.

 And today there were questions in  parliament.

 It is clear to us all that some  think operationally has gone very wrong.

 I think everybody is  concerned.

 The problem comes for the police when peaceful protest,  and some of those ostensibly engaged in peaceful protest, spill  over into criminal activity, some The activists sentenced today had a  string of previous convictions.

 Those include breaking into a  military base, and nuclear power station.

 But now they want to see  the police in the dock over the way their case was handled.

  Jeremy Ball is with us now.

 This story gets more intriguing by the  day.

 What do we really know about PC Mark Kennedy?  It's an incredible story.

 But after being duped for so long, the  activists who thought they knew him so well don't know what to believe.

  But it's pretty clear he was deeply embedded in the climate protest  movement.

 We have now heard his side of the story.

 On Sunday he  gave an exclusive interview to the Mail on Sunday newspaper.

  What did Mark Kennedy say? He denied "going native", and  organising protests but he claimed five policemen beat him up at one  climate demo.

 And he revealed his cover was blown when his girlfriend  found his real passport.

 And since then, he says he's received death  threats from climate activists.

 He is in the States now.

  And what about the collapse of that He says his secret recordings at  that meeting in Sneinton, that meant police couldn't prove their  case.

 The judge said he was not told  But we've only got one side of the story.

 And this must be very  frustrating for Nottinghamshire police.

 Because they called for the  IPCC inquiry.

 But they can't comment on any of this until it's  been completed.

 The biggest employer in Leicester  is to cut up to 600 jobs over the next financial year.

 It's part of  proposed budget cuts announced by Leicester city council this  afternoon designed to save almost £28 million.

 Victoria Hicks reports.

  Leicester City Council's proposed budget for this financial year.

 It  is a hefty document which the leader of the council described as  the most difficult budget they have had to do in living memory.

 We have  tried to protect frontline services as far as we can.

 Inevitably, we  have had unavoidable cards as a result of the scale of cuts imposed  by government.

 Sir were well though he told us?  600 job losses out of 6900 council staff.

 A reduction in the working  week, from 37 hours to 35 hours, along with other cups like sick pay.

  Cuts across all departments, particularly children services  which is set to lose a quarter of its funding.

 Proposals to close  some councils and residential care homes and a homeless hostel.

 No  details have been given.

 We have seen that other Council,  Nottingham City and Leicestershire County, are merging services  together.

 We would prefer to see those services merged in Leicester  as well to protect front line.

 The devil lies in the detail and it  is only as these budget cuts go out consultation that the impact will  Still to come on the programme.

 They slim horses, don't they?  Well, some don't.

 A survey reveals one in five horses used for riding  is overweight - or even obese.

 Before I canter off downstairs,  John Meek for some good news regarding the weather.

 Rush Hill  Next tonight, more East Midlands GPs have come forward to take over  the running of the NHS in our region.

 It's emerged that all the  doctors' practices in Nottingham will work together in one giant  bloc.

 Tomorrow the government will  publish its controversial health and social care bill.

 Supporters  say it's a radical plan that'll improve care.

 Critics say it's  risky.

 Here's our health correspondent, Rob Sissons.

  In our region, 16 practices in Rushcliffe were the first to reveal  they will work together to control NHS services.

 Now 62 surgeries in  Nottingham city will follow suit, and also seven practices in  Stamford Bourne and the Deepings are part of the second wave.

  The health secretary claims scrapping primary care trusts and  putting doctors in charge will make the NHS more efficient and focussed  on patients.

 At this surgery in Nottingham, one of the GPs is up  for leading the change.

 I don't know if you have tried to  book your hospital appointment or park at the hospital or have your  out-patient appointment cancelled again and again.

 Those of you  deficiencies in the NHS, but have been there for years.

 We would like  to address those issues and improve the service for our patients.

  But Unison predicts chaos.

 It says the plan is too radical and big and  the government is going too fast.

 It is a huge shake-up, it is a very  radical, added to something that I don't think is needed at the moment.

  The Charnwood MP and chairman of the health select committee told  BBC Breakfast there are risks if more people need to get involved.

  We have to see greater involvement by doctors but also all other  clinicians.

 There has to be a better interpose with social  service departments, better links within communities.

 The way forward  mapped out - the political stakes Police have named the man who died  following a serious incident in Sutton-in-Ashfield.

 Dean Lloyd who  was 28 and from Huthwaite was pronounced dead shortly after the  incident in Jephson Road on Friday night.

 A 23-year-old man arrested  on suspicion of Mr Lloyd's murder is still being questioned by  detectives, after a further time extension was granted by  magistrates.

 Forensic experts have been at a  house in Derby today after a man's body was found in the early hours.

  The building on Arundel Street is divided into flats.

 Police have  been carrying out house to house enquiries and are waiting for the  results of a post mortem examination.

 A man and a woman  arrested have been released without charge.

 Detectives are satisfied  there are no suspicious The owner of a pet crematorium has  pleaded guilty to falsely claiming to cremate six pets.

 Emma Bent from  Heage in Derbyshire took payment from customers for three dogs, two  cats and a guinea pig.

 The dogs included a brown border collie and  a black Labrador.

 The judge has indicated she could face a  Next - fancy a trip across the pond? Daily flights from East  Midlands Airport to New York are on the to-do list of the airport's new  managing director Brad Miller.

 He's disclosed the plan to our  reporter Mike O'Sullivan and also revealed he's going to spend  millions to keep the airport open in bad weather.

  There is something new on the horizon at East Midlands airport.

  Daily flights to the Big Apple.

 A big idea from the airport's new  managing director.

 One of your aspirations is for  flights to New York? Very much an aspiration at the  moment but the feedback I have got, if you travel to America, we will  fly with you.

 Brad Miller has been in the post  for three months, promoted from Manchester airport, but just  keeping East Midlands opened during the Arctic conditions this winter  was a huge challenge.

 No days were lost but now some runway the  clearing equipment is being replaced.

  It is hugely important, we have got a fantastic team who have done a  remarkable job over this winter.

 Over the next three years, we will  spend a million pounds per year on the reinvestment into our snow  clearance equipment.

 Getting more people to fly from  East Midlands is another target.

 Passenger numbers were down by a  million and profits dropped by £5 million last year bus-stop  convincing an airline to take on the New York route would be easy.

  Though a whole range of airlines.

 Maybe one of the Emirates carriers.

  At the moment, we are doing research to turn up the anecdotal  research into real hard fact, and talk to these companies.

  The recovery is fragile, and Brad Miller could -- believes it could  be two years before it is fully Police say they believe arsonists  caused an explosion and fire at a Nottinghamshire substation.

 The  blast on Bolsover Road at Hucknall happened last Wednesday evening,  leading to power cuts and traffic disruption.

 Officers say they're  treating the blaze as suspicious, after forensic examinations.

  They're appealing for witnesses who may have seen anyone in the area at  the time.

 Nottingham-based Boots overcame the  last month's freezing temperatures to record improved like-for-like  sales.

 The company says sales drop by 3.

8% in December and it also  increased its share of the UK's health and beauty market.

  Two public toilets in Loughborough which had been threatened with  closure have been voted the best in the country.

 Charnwood Borough  Council's yet again gained five stars for its Biggin Street and  Market Place facilities in the national Loo of the Year Awards.

  They were flushed with success! We've already reported on fat cats  and pooches that have piled on the pounds, now a new survey has found  that horses are the latest pet to be overweight.

 Unsurprisingly,  perhaps, it seems that owners are giving them too much to eat, and  not enough exercise.

 It's been six months since Chester  last competed in a show jumping competition.

 He's well-fed, but  he's not exercising as regularly as he would do and he's putting on  weight.

 Vets check the neck, ribs and pelvis for excess fat.

  I can feel his ribs but I need to push really hard, you should be  able to fill them very easily.

 study by the University of  Nottingham's School of Veterinary Medicine and Science has found that  rates of obesity in horses are likely to be just as high as they  are among people and puts their health at risk.

  Lattices the biggest one because it is a big disease.

 Arthritis and  joint problems, is the same as people and any others of -- species,  the more weight you're carrying, the more stress you are putting on  your joints.

 And just like with people, to shift the extra weight  they need to exercise more and eat less.

 If you feed them a lot of  cereal, they will put on a lot of weight just like we would.

 If you  give them father, at it is better for their digest and keeps them in  Researchers say the study is a useful snapshot of the problem.

  They're using the findings to raise awareness of equine obesity with  horse owners.

 Still to come on the programme, the  latest in our series Holmes and Away.

 This week John Holmes is  revolting in Derbyshire, finding out more about the Pentrich  Time for the sport now and on a very big night for Leicester City,  there was only one place Colin wanted to be, at the home of the  world's richest football club, Manchester.

 Good evening.

 Thanks  Anne, Dom.

 And if you'd said not so very long ago that we'd be standing  outside Manchester City and saying that, you'd have laughed.

 But  there's no question that all their oil money, have transformed the  football landscape.

 But the big money names couldn't buy them a win  in the first FA Cup third round clash against Leicester.

 Their back  row for a replay, they could not be We had the chances to win the game,  so looking back, it is surprising we did not win it.

 I was very proud  of the team and the performance that they had.

 I could not see who  was a Premier League team and who was not.

 At the Premier League team  and a nice stadium, I have worked there for a year, it is nice to  come back to that stadium.

 I'm sure that they will put up a strong team  again and will try to go through, it is important for them, maybe  more for them than us.

 It is important for us as well.

 We have  done so well to get the replay.

 It is almost like a bonus game for us  because we're not expecting to get it -- anything out of it.

 We can go  wet with the freedom and show them what we have got.

 Hopefully we will  get a result.

 The views of Sven- Goran Eriksson and Jack Hobbs.

 But  on the verge of kick off, just how are feelings in the Leicester camp.

  Alyn and is going to be in there.

 They're going to be buzzing?  Everybody is going to be buzzing, the supporters are buzzing.

 The  players.

 The water garden do their best and not let anybody down.

  it intimidating when you come here? No, it should not be.

 Your  professional players and professional people, you have got a  job to do, they go out there, go and do your best and nobody can  criticise it.

 There was a sense that that first game with a  stagnant performance from Leicester.

 It was, we studied ever so well at  the Walker stadium, we were a wee bit unlucky not to win the game.

 It  is going to be a good of hardship for the feathers but I have that  they enjoy it.

 It is going to be Tonight, we are going to  concentrate on these two.

 Please meet Natasha Tyers and her mum, Pat.

  Now, if you watch the ITV dating show, Take Me Out, she might look  familiar.

 And here's why.

 question only, make it couldn't  take it away.

 Me and Maggie I joined at the hip, what cannot  deliver us out? Everybody who knows me knows that I'm a massive  football fan, I like Leicester City and we can watch football together  Wow, Natasha, how was that as an experience? Amazing, absolutely  fantastic.

 I got picked on the Saturday, I was elated.

 Way -- are  possible.

 I come to every home and away match.

 But his dedication.

  did turn out that Ritchie was a Manchester City fan, did -- didn't  it? Nightmare? Yes, a bit of a nightmare, some rivalry deceiving.

  We are going to do them, too-one.

 Are you allowed to tell us how the  date when? I'm about to say that things went very well.

 We had fun  in Tenerife, it was warm.

 We talk about football, as what goes on  from there, that is to remain a secret.

 Pat, a you as much as a  Leicester City fan? 50 odd years.

 Tool-one again.

 Same prediction?  Yes.

 I'm going to go 3-2.

 I had my lucky just on Saturday and it is a  lucky night tonight.

 -- lucky dress.

 Will there be any tasting and  better after? Absolutely.

 I'm sure it will go well for Leicester City  tonight.

 Let us tell you what the coverage is going to be like  tonight.

 On BBC Radio Leicester this evening there will be full  this evening there will be full coverage.

 I'm sure this lot will  enjoy it.

 What is the Scot going to Enjoy ourselves.

 We are less their!  -- Leicester.

 Fans that -- fantastic stuff from the fans.

  It is going to be its 2-One, to It is now time for the third and  now much appreciated walking series homes and away.

 John Holmes is in a  revolutionary mood.

 His walk sets off from the rebellious heartland  of Derbyshire where spies and insurgents lurk on every corner.

 Or  2011 it marks the bicentenary of the infamous a Luddite uprising  which began down the road in Nottingham.

 When the Napoleonic  wars ended, the government feared and a poor M6 Toll revolution.

 -- -  The plan was so much a Nottingham gathering protesters along the way.

  This would happen across the land It became known as the Pentrich  revolution.

 The village has a plaque to mark the site.

 It was  raised to the ground when the revolution was foiled.

 What went  wrong as government spies infiltrated the Pentrich group, he  said they would march on June 9th, it was a lie.

 When the men arrived  in Nottingham, they were not met by fellow revolutionaries but day  detachment of the king's was ours.

 Ruth Hall for here, it was where  It at the desired effect on a horrified nation.

 There would be no  French Revolution on these shores.

 Finally, I will introduce you to  two other places.

 Wingfield Manor, part of the Babington pot.

 The end  to free Mary Queen of Scots.

 It was not fun being a rebel in those days.

  Undercover agents, infiltrating.

 I'm surprised they did not find a  hostelry.

 Have a little rest and a Thank you were joining me.

 A heady  had a wonderful day today because the sun just shone.

 If you missed  it, you missed out.

 A massive thank you to Andrew who set disputable  photograph in.

 A photograph taken.

 Please send your photos in.

 This is  the reason why we have had such wonderful weather, it is this  hairier of -- area of high pressure.

 It is the fact that we have had a  light winds.

 We have had winds blowing between seven and 10  kilometres per hour, that translates to small leaves rustling  around.

 If you have a flag, it will straighten.

 As always, starting at  7 o'clock, which is 1900 hours.

 If you look to was the sky, you can  see the stars, it is a cloudless sky tonight.

 That means one thing,  temperatures fall to two degrees.

 Five degrees Fahrenheit.

 We have  light winds from the North West.

 We have a frost coming in.

 You may  wake up to a bit of frost.

 Clear skies, a good start tomorrow.

 We  keep the north westerlies.

 It is going to feel a bit chilly even  though it will be 6 or 7 degrees.

 A dry day tomorrow and a sunny day.

  When we get to the end of the day, cloud book -- cloud will creep in.

  When we get to Thursday, there will be a change in the weather, we get  the wind Boeing and cloud from the North Sea.

 A much more cloudy day.

  I'm going to show you two things, Thursday night and Friday night,  temperatures dip below freezing, And a few minutes' time, if you're  not listening to the football, you should listen to local radio  station.

 A with the Golden globes are done and dusted, the Bath debt  nominations Arnaud out.



 Stanley as well.

 You stay with us  Cuts to salaries and services.

 How Dorset Council plans to balance its  books.

 Staff will be asked to take 12 days unpaid leave.

 We'll be  talking to a senior councillor.

 Good evening and welcome to  Spotlight, on Wednesday 19th January.

  Also tonight: Shot in front of his son.

 The local  businessman who survived a violent robbery relives the event in court.

  The row over a police recruitment drive as 700 officers are being cut.

  And power to the people.

 The town hoping to generate their own  First tonight, Dorset County Council wants staff to take pay  cuts in a bid to keep down compulsory redundancies.

 Hundreds  of jobs are already under threat as the council tries to save £55  million over the next three years.

 Staff will be asked to take 12 days  unpaid leave in 2012 and 2013.

 Live to County Hall in Dorchester now  and Spotlight's Hamish Marshall.

 The man in charge of this radical  plan today said the financial situation facing the council was  dire.

 He said they were having funding cuts almost every week.

 The  council has already been criticised for getting rid of lollipop men and  women in the county.

 Today, it was their staff that were taking  centre-stage.

 Some big names in the private  sector have tried money-saving ideas.

 Now the plan is coming  closer to home.

 We have known since last month at 500 jobs were going  here at Dorset County Council.

 But now this radical plan hopes to hold  another 150 job losses.

 Staff will be asked to Tate 12 days' unpaid  leave in 2012 and 2013.

 That amounts to a salary cut of 4.

6%.

  There will also be cuts in overtime, night time and bank holiday walking.

  Salaried protection payments will also be reduced.

 In all, this will  save it for £0.

4 million every year.

 Workers here at the console are  already in the first year of a three-year pay freeze.

 The plan has  not gone down well.

 People are just reeling.

 There are job cuts already  this year and then we're cutting their pay and to their terms and  conditions.

 It is appalling that there staff are being asked to pay  for tax evasion and for the excess of bankers.

 Why is the public  sector been hit all the time.

 6,000 staff will have to accept  time off without pay if it is approved.

 Today, taxpayers had  conflicting views.

 You should get paid for what you do, you should  not have to take a cut to save your job.

 It is disgusting.

 If I worked  for the council, I would not be happy to do that.

 I would take that  chance of keeping my job but it is a tough position to be in.

 But yes,  I would take that.

 The plan is to protect both jobs and services.

 But  the unions are not ruling out his strike action because it is  breaking new ground in local government.

 It is three months of  consultation that is going to get under way now.

 It is tough times  here in Dorset.

 Earlier today, I spoke to Spencer  Flower from Dorset Council and I asked him, if these proposals for  their employees went ahead, could we expect services to be saved from  cuts? We have a package of £31 million which includes service cuts  in certain areas.

 This is from changing their employee's terms and  conditions of.

 It gives the opportunity to reduce the number of  lost jobs.

 Otherwise, we won't have to make more redundancies.

 Some of  this has been dealt with the free vacancy management, but we would  have had to make 150 people redundant.

 Nobody likes cuts and  yesterday we were talking to Devon County Council about the cuts they  were making.

 You are making cuts to salaries.

 What does this say to  your employees? I think the key thing is that the alternative is  another 155 or so employees will lose their jobs.

 We would also have  to reduce or services.

 Why should they bear the brunt of these cuts?  These are people that there something done a very low salary.

  Just under 5% cut would mean a lot to them.

 Where are we to enter a  period of consultation.

 A those issues can be discussed at that  time.

 We are and an unprecedented time of financial crisis in this  country and try to deal the national debt and all the local  authorities are expected to play their part in that.

 If the  consultation goes against you proposals, will you have a rethink?  I will not second-guess what the outcome will be.

 It is entirely up  to the staff to consider the options.

 It is not something for  nothing, because they will get 12 additional day's holiday, although  that will be unpaid.

 The alternative is to see 155 of their  colleagues lose their job.

 This type of cost-cutting became  familiar to many employees of private companies across the South  West during the credit crunch.

 Well joining me now is our Business  Correspondent, Neil Gallacher.

 So, Neil, did it work out well in  practice? Depends on the company.

 Some well-  known companies like Princess Yachts made just this kind of  cutback to minimise redundancies.

 They negotiated with the unions and  then at the agreed time they went back onto full-time working.

 But  there is anecdotal evidence that plenty of smaller firms did similar  things to cut the wage bill and then found ways to make some of  those changes long-term.

 But couldn't you say that was just  companies being efficient? Yes, but the difficulty is that it  builds up a problem in the local economy.

 Many of the workforce  spend a year or two on less than full-time hours.

 Then there's an  upturn in manufacturing, but no need to create jobs, they just  expand the hours of existing staff.

 So the unemployment that we do have  can become rather stuck.

 Is that what we're seeing in the  latest unemployment figures today? I think so.

 Unemployment certainly  has not fallen, despite the upturn we have seen.

 It has gone up a  little because of the routine winter slowdown.

 This is the story.

  Against a national claimant count figure showing 3.

5% of the  population out of work and claiming benefit, this is how we are doing.

  Cornwall's rate is now 2.

7%, which is up on last month.

 Devon's rate  is now 1.

9%, which is also up.

 In Dorset, it's now 1.

8%, the lowest  in the region, but that too is up on last month.

 And Somerset's rate  is now 2.

1%, which is also up.

 This is a picture of an economy that's  bearing equal strain at the moment.

 The crucial question is what starts  to happen when public sector job cuts really begin to bite.

  A Devon businessman has described how two men wearing masks burst  into his home and shot him in front of his young son.

 Used car salesman  Colin Pester was giving evidence at the trial of 45-year-old Gary Ball  and 42-year-old Mark Gagen.

 Both men deny robbery, causing grievous  bodily harm, and possession of a firearm.

 From Plymouth Crown Court,  Clare Casson reports.

 Colin Pester, seen here on the  right, arrived at court this morning to give his account of the  events of the 30th April, 2008.

 He described how on that day he had  left work at his car sales business off Mutley Plain in Plymouth  earlier than usual so that he could go home to cook for his family.

 He  arrived at his house in Whitleigh at about 5:00pm, where his wife  Helen and son Jack were already at home.

 Some time later, he said, two  intruders burst into the family home.

 Colin Pester told the court  his 7-year-old son had answered a knock at the door and two men  wearing balaclavas rushed in.

 Mr Pester said he was then blown  backwards as one of the men shot him in the stomach and then hit him  across the face with the barrel of a sawn-off shotgun, all this in  full view of his son.

 The 63-year- old told Plymouth Crown Court that  the gunman then stood over him and pulled off his wedding ring and  another ring on his right hand, as he lay on the floor.

 Colin Pester  described how he had had to hold his stomach around the gunshot  wound using a towel as his wife and son were dragged upstairs by the  other man, who was screaming at them and demanding to know where  valuables were kept.

 After a couple of minutes, he said, the man ran  back downstairs and the pair fled through the front door.

 45-year-old  Gary Ball, of Beacon Park Road in Plymouth and 42-year-old Mark Gagen,  both of whom we cannot show for legal reasons, each deny the  charges against them.

 The jury heard that Colin Pester knew of  Gary Ball as a friend of one of his employees.

 The trial continues.

  Spotlight has learnt Devon and Cornwall Police are taking on new  community support officers, civilians with very limited powers,  as they begin cutting 700 regular police officers.

 Critics have  attacked the move, but the force says PCSOs play a valuable role.

  Our home affairs correspondent, Simon Hall, reports.

  Police Community Support Officers have always been controversial.

  Some critics describe them as policing on the cheap.

 Now, in  Devon and Cornwall, the issue is becoming even more contentious.

 A  PCSO's role is to provide visibility and community engagement.

  They have limited powers, like handing out fixed penalty notices  and moving people on.

 Devon and Cornwall Police are recruiting  eight new PCSOs, at a time they are losing 700 regular officers because  of budget cuts.

 And they are not police officers.

 They have very  limited powers.

 For a sample of the public's view of PCSOs, we joined a  patrol in Plymouth.

 If I get you'd this leaflet.

 We're just here to  describe about the recent incident.

 Here, it's community reassurance  work after a rape.

 Sammy Thomas appreciates the officers' presence.

  I think you feel much safer.

 You have seen them walking up the  straight at what is really great.

 - - up the street, which is really  great.

 But, along the road, Damerell's Motorcycles have  suffered thefts and anti social behaviour and would prefer more  police officers to PCSOs.

 It is not a good idea.

 I would have but we  could use that money to fund more police officers, but unfortunately  we have used that to support PCSOs.

 If we do not use that money to  support PCSOs, it has to go back to central government.

 Unfortunately,  it does mean that we cannot use that for the funding of police of  losses over the next four years.

 -- the funding of police officers.

  new PCSOs are being recruited from amongst the police's existing  civilian staff, and will begin work by April.

 This is an example of the  stresses that forces must balance their budgets while also providing  Coming up later in the programme, a moment to savour for Pilgrims fans.

  A stunning goal as Plymouth Argyle rediscover their form.

  And a new rescue centre for the animal charity facing an  unprecedented demand for its services.

  The Government has set out radical plans to change the way the NHS is  run in the South West.

 In the future, family doctors will have  more control over their budgets to improve patient care and cut red  tape.

 With more details here is our political editor.

  This is the biggest shift of power and accountability in the health  service's 62 year history.

 The Health and Social Care Bill will  see all the region's trusts scrapped.

 Doctors will have the  bulk of the local budget.

 Three local GP practices in Torbay,  Plymouth and Somerset have been selected as the first to take on  the decommissioning responsibilities as part of the  Government's plans.

 Many in the profession are backing the reforms.

  We're going to set up consortia where GPs will make decisions about  funding for populations away from the individual.

 But we are wary as  doctors about of losing the trust that we currently have.

 The plans  have come under fierce attack from health unions and doctors' leaders  worried that the reforms are too much too soon and there is  scepticism as to whether the changes are actually workable.

  the moment, the PCTs are starting she news staff and we are concerned  that that means there are essential backroom functions that directly  affect patients' services that are going to be neglected.

 This Bill  represents a massive change in the way the health service is run and  many will be watching to see if the South West can deliver a patient  centred service.

 To carry on developing the quality of health  care for people in the South West, a lot has been achieved over the  last 10 or 15 years but that does not stop, it must continue.

 That  will be extremely difficult.

 Only time will tell whether this is  truly a revolution in a health service provision or a sticking  plaster for patient care.

 A community in Cornwall has set  itself the challenge to generate more of its own energy and make  some money for the town.

 People in Wadebridge are being encouraged to  explore ways of using new technologies to provide a third of  the town's electricity needs within just five years.

  Traditionally, Britain has relied on large power stations and a  National Grid to help satisfy our first for energy.

 But now many  power stations are reaching the end of their lives.

 In Cornwall, local  communities are already looking to the low carbon future.

 Wadebridge  has set up something called a WREN, Wadebridge renewable energy network.

  WREN is hoping to derive 30% of its electricity from renewable so that  the next five years.

 Money is going out of the local economy because  people are buying electricity from a National Grid and it says that if  it does things differently Wadebridge could produce a fund of  around £300,000 every year to be invested in the local economy.

  are some of the best sun and wind resources in Europe so we would  like to make these resources we have available throughout  Wadebridge.

 Nearly all the financial benefits are going to  outside companies, we want to keep the benefits for local people.

  do not have to look far to see how this would work.

 My advice would be,  just go for it.

 There is plenty of opportunities out there to get a  lot of things done if the Community acts together with a will, they can  make a real difference to how energy is generated in the future.

  If we are generating electricity in our own properties, if we are  minimising the amount of energy we need to use, it is a really  sustainable future and that is what WREN is talking about and we want  to support it.

 Wadebridge seems interested.

 I'm interested in  community building and I think the rent is a perfect way of doing this.

  The Chamber of Commerce feel that the interest of business in the  town would keep it busy in the summer months.

 The plans are for  debate at we Pritchett town hall.

 A charity which helps family who  are struggling are expanding their grunter thanks to the National  Lottery.

 Home-Start helps families dealing with issues such as Post  Natal illness, bereavement and disability.

 The scheme has been  running a for 11 years but it is now looking for volunteers in the  Plymouth area.

 At first glance it looks like an  average family playtime but today Jack and George's mum has a  volunteer helper.

 Along with the twins, Sarah also has a five-year-  old son and has been finding it tough going, especially when she is  suffering from a bad back and has no family support living near her  in the South Hams.

 So in steps Home-Start whose volunteers give a  little helping hand.

 We are an early intervention service and we  believe that happy families make happy children.

 Most families with  young children go through a difficult patch and having support  once a week from a friendly face, or to give you some advice and  signposting and take some pressure off is a good way to help families  through difficult times.

 Volunteers who are mums or doubts themselves  go through various safety checks and training.

 They are then matched  to a family and spent two hours a week for at least six months.

  have helped Sarah take them swimming, we have played with them,  read with them, occupied them really so mum can then get on with  housework or have a leisurely shower or wash her hair, those  things that get squeezed out of a busy mum's life.

 It is all quite  daunting some days.

 My eldest was three when I had the twins.

 I want  to spend time with him but the twins take up so much of my time so  it is great because Lesley would come and spend time with the older  one or spend time with the twins will I spent time with him.

 For me,  it works really well.

 Home-Start hope the pilot scheme in Plymouth  will allow the charity to continue to grow.

  Football now, and Plymouth Argyle produced one of their best  performances of the season to win 3-1 away at MK dance ending a run  of three straight defeats to move up to 13th in the league 1.

 Left  back Onismor Bhasera got the scoring under way in the 22nd  minute.

 Midfielder Kari Arnason added a spectacular second shortly  afterwards.

 The dance pulled a goal back before half-time but Argyle  made sure of the victory with another superb shot later on from  Chris Clark.

 It is a difficult place to come because they're a  good sign and play good football.

 I thought the goals were fantastic.

  All in all, our general play was good as well.

 A lot to celebrate  for Plymouth Argyle fans.

 They were all very good.

 The second one by  Kari Arnason we thought that fans would like to savour it again.

 Here  it is in slow motion: A Devon charity which cares for and we  homes unwanted pets has opened a new special care unit for dogs.

  The unit at the Animals in Distress rescue centre near Newton Abbot  cost £160,000 and should make a huge difference to the charity,  which is facing unprecedented demands.

  For honey, life is sweet again.

 She is one of the first dogs making use  of the purpose-built recovery units at the Ipplepen rescue centre.

 She  was tied up in a field and abandoned for too cold night in  November.

 She picked up a skin disease but is now fully on the  mend.

 She copes very well, she is a very placid dog with a fantastic  temperament around people and other dogs.

 She's a lovely little dog.

  Also recovering in the special unit which cost £160 -- £160,000 is a  golden retriever birdie.

 It is nice for the dogs to be out here because  it takes them away from the main canals where they can sometimes be  a bit excitable.

 Up here he is able to be in a quieter environment  which beats up the healing process.

 The charity currently we homes many  dogs every year.

 Maybe it is because they need extra care, maybe  it is because they need to be kept quieter.

 Having a unit like this  allows us to care for them better and hopefully find them a home much  better.

 It is unlikely these pups will be waiting too long for a new  home even if they are perfectly content in the unit's per --  purpose-built of puppy pen.

 Sweet.

 We have already had an e-  mail from someone wanting to rehome some dogs.

 You can e-mail us and we  will try and sort it out for you.

 In the meantime, let us have a look  Good evening.

 It is a clear and frosty night to come tonight with a  fair amount of mist and fog forming later in the night, too.

 Also,  where some of our roadsides and hillsides have got a little bit of  water seeping out from the recent Wayne, there is some possibility of  some icy patches.

 You can see cloud over most of western Britain and it  will probably last over the weekend and into next week, too.

 A lot of  dry whether to be had but it is cold.

 Temperatures down as low as  minus fork or minus five.

 There is the high pressure, the only fly in  the ointment it is this little clerk - McColl of cloud.

 It will  give a few showers across the Channel Islands.

 As we move into  Thursday, we have still got that area of high pressure moving into  eastern parts of England.

 By Friday, the high pressure is slap bang over  Ireland and does not want to move for a few days.

 It allows the  weather fronts to travel around the top of the high and introduce more  cloud.

 Make the most of the sunshine on tomorrow and Friday  because at the weekend it becomes cloudy.

 It is a cold, clear night,  already some fog forming a particularly across the Somerset  Levels.

 Temperatures tumbling rapidly overnight.

 Along the north  coast of both Devon and Cornwall we should have more fine weather  overnight tonight.

 Eight good chance to see the stars and the  full moon.

 When you look out to see you can see how, it has been.

 We  have had some fairly lively weather over the past few weeks.

 As you can  see a very flat sea.

 That is likely to continue over the last couple of  days.

 Fairly quiet for our mariners.

 Inland, the problems will be frost  and fog in the morning.

 Temperatures dipping as low as  minus three or even minus five.

 Another very cold night and the  risk of for some of that fork first thing in the morning.

 That fog will  linger for a time during the day.

 We will have sunny spells  throughout the day with a little more in the way of cloud than we  have seen today.

 Temperatures getting up to six or seven degrees.

  For surfers, the surf has tailed off to compared to what it was at  the weekend but you may squeeze three or four feet on the south  coast.

 A little bit more in the way of swell arriving overnight  tomorrow night and Friday.

 Here is the forecast right through and  including the weekend.

 On Friday we have more cloud coming our way.

  That cloud will be stubborn to move out of the way.

 Saturday is a great  day.

 Quite a cold day as well, five or six degrees the top temperature.

  As we move into the weekend there

 will have more on the East Sussex  The hoteliers who acted unlawfully when they told a gay couple they  could not have a double room.

 don't expect everyone to agree with  our beliefs, but we do want the freedom to be able to live by our  own values, under our own roof.

 Good evening and welcome to  Spotlight.

 We will have reaction from the tourist industry and  assess what the verdict means for others with strong Christian  beliefs.

 Also tonight: £55 million of cuts.

  Roads, transport and children's services will all be hit in Devon.

  We will talk to the council leader.

 New hope for those in the early  stages of Alzheimer's, thanks to researchers at the Peninsula  Medical School.

 And, a keen nose even in retirement  - the dog which sniffed out £1 A couple who run a hotel in  Cornwall have been told they broke the law when they refuse to let two  gay men share a room.

 A judge ruled that Peter and Hazelmary Bull, who  are devout Christians, acted unlawfully when they turn the  couple away in September 2008.

 Our correspondent Robert Hall reports.

  Chymorvah Hotel overlooking St Michael's Mount, at the centre of  the controversy which began when to visitors arrived for a weekend  break.

 Steven Preddy and his partner Martyn Hall told me that  minutes after walking through the front door, the owner told them  they were not welcome.

 He basically explain that the hotel had a policy  of only allowing married couples to stay in double rooms.

 When we  explained we were in a civil partnership, that did not make a  difference.

 He knew he was breaking the law, but that was the Hotel's  policy, so we were not staying there.

 Peter and Hazelmary Bull  argued in court that, as devout Christians, they could not allow  unmarried couples to share a double room.

 They invited a Christian  charity to film these pictures of their guest house, and their  website, which they said made their long standard policy clear to  prospective guests.

 The claimants argued that they had been the  victims of direct discrimination.

 Ruling in their favour, the judge  said that social attitudes in Britain had changed over the past  50 years and it was inevitable that laws would cut across some people's  religious beliefs.

 The right of individuals to hold to religion was  not absolute, he said, and it could be limited to protect the rights  and freedoms of others.

 During the case, Mr and Mrs Bull had won the  support of campaigners on the internet and outside court.

 Mrs  Bull today expressed her disappointment.

 We don't expect  everyone to agree with our beliefs, but we do want the freedom to be  able to live by our own values, under our own roof.

 Our double bed  policy was based on our sincere beliefs about marriage, not on  hostility to any body.

 The owners of the Chymorvah Hotel have yet to  decide whether they will appeal against dead -- today's ruling.

 The  ruling has sent a clear message to hoteliers is across the South West  that they have to stick to the law whatever their beliefs.

 Simon  Alexander has been talking to local businesses on both sides of the  debate.

 Today's ruling at Bristol Crown  Court in favour of Martyn Hall and his civil partner, Steven Preddy,  has focused minds across the region's tourism industry.

 It is  brought the issue over the right hoteliers and guesthouse owners  have on deciding who they are paying guests are.

 You might have  your own views and opinions, but the law of the land and your  employer's policy is to do something else.

 We are not telling  people that you have to change your mind said, but what you must not do  is bring that into your behaviour and your policies.

 It is the  hospitality sector.

 The law of the land is to treat people equally, so  that is what you enter into when you enter the industry.

 Torbay is  one resort where the issue has been openly debated and where gay  couples are actively encouraged to support the local industry,  especially in what are difficult economic times.

 You inevitably have  sympathy for people who do have strong religious beliefs and moral  beliefs, but they are operating in a modern environment, a modern  society.

 They are pointing the benefits of the infrastructure of  that society, access to website, access to tourism services and so  on, so they have really got to accept the rules, the laws, that  society has laid down.

 But many Christian run hotels and guest  houses are having to rethink their attitude on the subject.

 Inwardly I  would have to find it hard because I would see these in, but I would  think, no, it is their sin and it is between them and God.

 It is for  them to meet with their maker.

 remains to be seen what effect  today's landmark court ruling will have.

  More details have been revealed today over plans to cut almost £55  million from Devon County Council's budget.

 Education will be protected,  but almost every other service will face cuts - an average of 10%.

 With  the details, here's our Community Affairs correspondent Carys Edwards.

  The scale of these cuts is unprecedented.

 Schools will be  ring-fenced and no libraries will close.

 But, for the Council to  balance its budget, almost all other services will be affected.

  Figures reveal an overall cut of around £55 million.

 This includes  £40 million from children and young people's services, £8 million from  highways.

 -- £14 million.

 There could be cuts to school transport,  youth work and street lighting.

 Waste disposal faces cuts of £2  million.

 Two recycling centres are to close.

 Today I went to one  recycling centre and spoke to some people to get their views on the  cuts.

 I think it is terrible.

 All the  rates we pay, I think it is terrible.

 It is a very hard  situation for lots of people, and I think it is about trying to work  out where those cuts need to happen because they clearly need to happen.

  It would appear that everybody is going to be incredibly hard hit by  this.

 The council says it is doing all they can to protect the most  vulnerable.

 They say they have no option but to make massive cuts  elsewhere.

 Why? They blame cuts of 27% passed on by the government,  and demographic changes - our ageing population.

 Unions are  furious and claim vulnerable people will be hit hard.

 It was funny  because in the press release John Hart talk about the most vulnerable.

  What has happened to the vulnerable? There seems to beat to  tears of vulnerable people - the most vulnerable and the vulnerable,  and that concerns me greatly.

 And it concerns our staff who actually  came into this job to provide a service for the individuals that  required.

 The issue is politically controversial.

 The Conservatives  blame may before leaving the country with a huge deficit.

 Labour  says the council cuts are too much too fast.

  It is a Conservative lead government here in London imposing  these cuts on local government - a 27% cut in the grant to Devon.

 In  doing so, because it is absolutely insistent on getting rid of the  deficit, in four years, no other country has embarked on a deficit  reduction plan as reckless as that, cutting so deeply so quickly.

  final decisions have been made and these proposals will go before the  Scrutiny Committee on Monday.

 While many groups and organisations  are already aware of where the axe will fall and how heavily, others  are in a state of limbo.

 As John Ayres reports, many are waiting on  tenterhooks to find out whether or not they will receive the funding  they need to keep services running.

 I need you to test me.

 17-year-old  Hannah Rookes moved into the Exeter YMCA two weeks ago.

 It is feared  the £165,000 which funds support services for residents here may  disappear.

 It is really good because they  support you with anything, anything you need help with they are there  for you.

 Or if they can't help you they will get someone else to help  you.

 The idea he is to get you prepared to live on your own and  independently.

 We have these link working sessions so that you are  then ready to leave and live independently.

 The YMCA is one of  countless local organisations affected by public spending cuts.

  We could get anything between zero and 1 £65,000.

 We don't know.

 We  could be in a very difficult situation financially come April.

  Renovation work here at Poltimore House, a Grade 2 listed building,  gives homeless and jobless people new skills.

 Without it I would be  at a loss with very little to do.

 I used to be homeless for a long  period of time.

 MOP, The project running it, has already lost a  £40,000 grant from Devon County Council and may now fold.

 If we are  going to survive will be running a reduced service.

 We are at risk of  closure from a poor first.

 -- 1st April.

 Monday's Council meeting may  bring some clarity, but little comfort.

  Earlier I spoke to the leader of Devon county council, John Hart.

 I  asked him what he thought of Ben Bradshaw's comments that the  government's approach to cutting the deficit was too severe.

  When the election was on I maintain that whoever won the general  election would have to make cuts.

 Ben Bradshaw admitted this morning  he would have to make cuts if a Labour had won the election.

  not as fast and as deep.

 according to him.

 You can say that  when you are in opposition.

 We are spending as a country far more  money than we are actually getting.

 £1 in every £4 that is being spent  is still being borrowed.

 You can't go on like that.

 So, whether I like  it or not, I knew this was coming.

 I predicted it to the people.

 I  went around the county doing hard choices, and I have been telling  the people that fundamentally, in my view, over the next year or two,  everybody in this country is going to get poorer because of the  situation the government inherited after the general election.

 But all  along you said you were trying to protect the most vulnerable in  society.

 Unions today, Unison in particular, say vulnerable people  will be affected.

 For instance, you are cutting money from children and  young people's services.

 We are cutting some money from those  services.

 We are putting some money out of the Children's centres.

 The  pre-school children's centres, we are receiving 17% less money.

 We  are not closing any of them.

 We are keeping all 43 open.

 We are  changing some of the ways that they will be operating.

 But what we are  doing is our best to protect them.

 In the older age group we are  looking after, and we are not looking to alter the system we have  at the present moment, but as more people come forward, we would  probably have to take the more vulnerable people because the  numbers that are coming through are increasing year on year.

 3% every  year over 80s coming into the system.

 The their eighties will  double in the next few years.

 The vast majority of them need help, so  we will have to be looking after them.

 John Hart, thank you for  joining us.

 Thank you.

 A 7-year-old boy looked on as two  masked robbers burst into the family home and blasted his father  with a shotgun, a jury heard today.

 Used car salesman Colin Pester  survived the shooting and is due to give evidence tomorrow.

 Two men are  standing trial over the raid.

 45- year-old Gary Ball, and 42-year-old  Mark Gagen deny robbery, causing grievous bodily harm, and  possession of a firearm.

 The jury were this afternoon given  a bus tour of key sites in the prosecution case, including the  Whitleigh home where on 30th April 2008 Colin Pester was shot in front  of his young son before he and his wife were robbed of expensive  watches and jewellery.

 Ian Pringle told the court that it was Colin  Pester's seven-year-old son who opened the door when two men burst  into the property.

 One of them had a shotgun.

 A short time later, he  fired it into the stomach of Mr Pester at near point-blank range,  in front of the boy.

 It must have been, he said, a terrifying scene.

  45-year-old Gary Ball of Beacon Park Road in Plymouth, and Mark  Gagen, 42, who we cannot show for legal reasons, both deny causing  grievous bodily harm to Mr Pester, robbing him and his wife, and  separate charges of carrying a firearm with intent to commit  robbery and with intent to endanger life.

 The court heard that, after  the robbery, the two men sped off in a stolen car with cloned number  plate.

 That car was later found burnt out here, and a short time  later, a witness saw two men running across a footbridge over  the nearby A38.

 The prosecution allege that the two men were picked  up by another car near the foot bridge before returning to Gary  Ball's home.

 He was arrested by police the following day.

 Mark  Gagen, who was already on the run from prison, later surrendered to  police in Leicester.

 The case The number of homes in West  Cornwall have been flooded after heavy overnight rain.

  85-year-old Jackie has been up almost all night clearing up after  flood water poured into her cottage in Angarrack.

 Devastating, about  10:00pm I walked into the kitchen and they slipped because it was  full of water.

 How high was it? was lapping over the top of the  bridge.

 Have you ever seen it so high? Never.

 The village does have  a flood defence scheme, the sluice gate and walked away diverts the  excess water away from the village during heavy rainfall.

 But last  night local people say the sluice gate had not been fully activated  and that part of its operating machinery was missing.

 It was only  halfway shut last night and there was a lot of water going through  that could have been shut off.

 It would have shut up -- stopped the  problem we had last night.

 Environment Agency say they have  had to remove a wheel that moves the date up-and-down because it had  been tampered with.

 They also say that they arrived on the scene as  soon as they could.

 Local people say there needs to be a more  responsive system because floods cannot always be predicted.

  You're watching Spotlight from BBBC.

 Here in the South West it is just  coming up to 645 for -- 6:45pm.

 Newly diagnosed Alzheimer's  patients can now be given NHS drugs to delay their decline thanks to  researchers.

 Their work has prompted the drugs watchdog up NICE  to make drugs available to hundred of thousands of patients in the  early stages of the illness.

 When you first meet her it is hard  to believe Doreen Abbott has Alzheimer's disease.

 She is quick-  witted and articulate and still does her own accounts.

 In recent  years she has become increasingly forgetful.

 She is about to start  medication which she hopes will slow her decline and keep her  independent.

 Obviously if I cannot do my own shopping you are relying  on somebody else.

 If I cannot do my own cooking, you know, you have got  to rely on other people.

 And I would rather not, I like to be  independent.

 The drugs advisory body NICE had ruled that only those  with moderate Alzheimer's should get any chess medication.

 A  campaign for years ago failed to overturn the decision.

 Today, NICE  issued new guidance that Aricept, Reminyl and Exelon may be used for  people in the early stages of Alzheimer's and a 4th drug, Ebixa,  can be prescribed for those in advanced stages.

 The change is  largely due to Peninsula Medical School researchers.

 They were asked  to reassess whether the drugs were value-for-money for a wider group  of people.

 They found they were.

 we took 100 patients what would be  the average cost associated.

 And what would be the average benefit  achieved across those patients.

 Then we measure those two things  together and we get an assessment of the cost effectiveness.

 We have  been campaigning for this to happen so we are excited.

 And we are  delighted for people with dementia so that the quality of life that  they can maintain throughout the process with these drugs.

 I'm very  pleased.

 Now all patients newly diagnosed with Alzheimer's can be  offered treatment immediately without having to wait for their  condition to get worse.

 On to the bit of sport.

 Exeter  City's chances of reaching Wembley in the final of the Football League  Trophy are still good.

 The during the first leg of the southern area  final at Brentford last night.

 Jamie Cureton put City ahead just  before half-time, ex-Grecian Gary Alexander squared the time at one-  all in the second half.

 Tonight, Plymouth Argyle attempt to  render a three-match losing run when they go to Milton Keynes dance  in E one.

 There is full coverage on BBC Radio Devon.

  Devon yachtsman Chris Stanmore- Major is expected to complete the  second leg of develops five Ocean solo round-the- world race this  week.

 Chris, is from Paignton, should arrive in New Zealand in a  few days' time.

 Over the last few weeks Chris has been battling hard  just to stay in the race.

 Chris Stanmore-Major left Cape Town  33 days ago on the second leg of this race and it has been much  tougher than the first.

 Not only has Chris had to deal with the huge  seas of the Southern Ocean, he has also had problems with the boat's  batteries which have been gradually dying since leaving South Africa.

  Without the batteries I have not got the autopilot, I have no light,  auto pilot and cannot get information from the computers  about the weather.

 It would be a huge compromise to the boat if I  allowed that to die.

 The main reason I have gone this way is that  they thought it would have been unseen and like to go a route that  would have been a much quicker for me.

 Been forced to change course  has produced its own set of problems.

 The boat and Chris have  taken a battering.

 The boat is not really designed for this kind of  sailing.

 It can take it but obviously I am most are happy when  I'm going downwind.

 When we are going up wind it is pretty rough  ride.

 This led of the race may have taken longer than expected but  luckily Chris planned for a bumpy ride.

 By the time I get in I will  be at the upper limits of my food.

 I have food in a grab-bag and  luckily for me all the stuff within the Gradbach, once they get within  600 miles it is all fair play.

 That is mainly chocolate and the candy  that I like.

 Chris's problems mean he is at the Battle -- back of the  fleet but he should be in Wellington by Friday.

  Since my parents retired they have been busier than ever.

 We have all  met people who have retired but cannot call it today.

 And it seems  that the animal world is no different.

 Apparently 10-year-old  Ellie who is a retired sniffer dog now lives with her new owners in  Devon and is very busy.

 Ellie the sniffer dog it is about  to arrive but I'm told that the scent of her own as it is  everywhere.

 They have asked for my wallet.

 Ferrety eyes.

 I trust you.

  When my wallet ends up is irrelevant.

 I am insured at that  any will find it.

 Although she has retired, the first whiff of a cent  and any is there.

 A league would be difficult to be just an ordinary  pet because she has worked every day of her life.

 She needs  something to stimulate her physically and mentally most days.

  Hopefully when she gets a lot older she will be happy to sit by the  fire.

 In less than one minute Ellie has narrowed down the search and a  few short barks let her owners know where my purse is hidden.

 Where is  it? Clever Bill! We homing rescue or retired working dogs can be  tricky but ultimately rewarding.

 Their worry lot of older docks were  people are not able to keep their pets for obvious reasons.

 It is a  great opportunity to we home an older dog.

 It is really about  matching the owner with the dog.

 Ellie is enjoying a well deserved  retirement.

 She did not cost her own is a single penny.

 During her  career she sees more than £1 million of drugs not to mention a  firearms and cash.

 We have got some fine weather to  look forward to.

 It is dry, a bit frosty though.

 A lot of frost  around with temperatures getting close to freezing.

 With such clear  sky a we will be seeing a touch of ground frost overnight tonight.

 We  have high pressure which will be with us for a while.

 It means that  at this time of year we will see a lot of frost.

 But some winter  sunshine will be very welcome.

 Two lines of cloud, both of those will  stay where they are.

 We have got an area of high pressure.

 That does  not move very far away from us for the rest of this week.

 There it is  at lunchtime tomorrow.

 By lunchtime on Thursday it has moved a little  bit but not that much.

 By lunchtime on Friday it has hardly changed at  all.

 Around the area of high pressure we may see a little bit of  cloud spoiling the sunshine.

 Tomorrow you will need to wrap up  warm.

 This was earlier today as we saw the sun set over Dartmoor.

 We  have not seen an Eastern sun set for quite a while.

 Over the moors  as well as lower down it gets -- the temperatures plummet when it  gets dark.

 Temperatures down as low as minus three or minus for  overnight to tonight.

 If you look at the big picture you can see the  cloud that has been coming and going across the top of Scotland.

  Very little cloud affecting the south of England now.

 An almost  full moon over at night tonight.

 Temperatures will fall very rapidly  and once we get to midnight and just beyond there will be some mist  and fog forming.

 Particularly across parts of eastern Devon and  the Somerset levels.

 Some of that fog will be freezing fog which is  pretty unpleasant.

 It will be clear through the day tomorrow but  temperatures start off quite low.

 Once the mistiness and before that  has gone up it will be a fine day.

 For many of us almost unbroken  sunshine from dawn till dusk.

 Temperatures will be struggling a  little bit.

 From five-eight degrees.

 If you are heading to the moors for  a walk up there will be excellent visibility with clear skies right  through the day.

 For the Isles of Scilly, dry and fair here.

 It will  The surf has now tailed off completely so for our surfers, not  much to look forward to but it will be clean.

 For the coastal waters  forecast good visibility.

 Occasionally a force for towards  the line Bay area.

 Let us look at the forecast right through and  including the weekend.

 On first day

 I will when I get time.

  Hello and welcome to BBC Oxford News.

 In tonight's programme, a  sorry story.

 The latest chapter in the fight to save Oxfordshire  libraries.

 And bigging up Oxford buses.

 The  government minister who says the city is streets ahead.

  And later in South Today, end of an era.

 Reading says goodbye to a part  Good evening.

 First tonight to the centre of Oxford where campaigners  are gathering to voice their fears about plans to close half of the  libraries in Oxfordshire.

 20 out of 43 libraries could go.

 Published  authors, including award winning writer Philip Pullman, have joined  the fight to save them.

 Our political reporter Emma Vardy is  live in the city centre for us.

 People are beginning to arrive here  at the Town Hall for tonight's meeting which get under way in just  over half an hour's time.

 Over the past few weeks, protest groups have  been formed across the region, and tonight they will join together in  the hope of strengthening their campaign.

 Since councils announced  plans to stop funding some local libraries, it has thrown a  spotlight into just how passionately people care about them  and the parts they pay in -- play in local communities.

  It is storage time here for children in the local nursery who  visit the library every week.

 Campaigners say this facility is  right at the heart of their village.

 It is a huge community asset.

 I am  a writer, and I don't think I would be doing that if I have not had a  library to go to.

 We feel that it is very unfair.

 Pennington is on  the list of libraries to be closed under council plans unless enough  people step in as volunteers to keep it open.

 Some feel this is not  a workable option.

 It is a very demanding job, for time.

 In today's  straitened times, people do not just have hundreds of hours three  to spend.

 It could be very problematic.

 Oxfordshire is  proposing to close 20 after 43 libraries, saying it has chosen  those of the least fit for.

 The cast of it -- the council estimates  it will save £2 million over four years.

 In Buckinghamshire, the  authority is looking at whether volunteers can run 14 of its light  breeze which would otherwise close.

 In recent groups, protest groups  have formed across the region but authorities remain firm, saying the  cuts must come because of the reduction in funding authorities  face from central government.

 They cannot continue to spend money that  does not exist.

 People attending the meeting  tonight will be addressed by the Labour MP Andrew Smith and also  Philip Pullman who joins me now.

 What prompted you to join his  campaign? Simply love of the pride -- public libraries, and  individuals.

 I remember getting my first library ticket as a little  boy, and I was thrilled to think that all of those books belong to  me in a way.

 Councils say they have no alternative than to make these  cuts to provide frontline services.

 Does the Cam Prime recognise the  position councils are in? library is a frontline service, a  direct connection with the public.

 We recognise the position councils  are him, but they could fight a little bit harder.

 The directly  elected mayor for Middlesbrough is putting the case forward to get  more funding of councils.

 I will be telling people about my love of  libraries, and telling them a little bit about what I call the  greedy ghost of market fundamentalism.

 People who believe  passionately in the freedom of the market to do what it likes, it is  destructive and it will kill us all if we are not careful.

 Oxfordshire  County Council will make its final decision next month over library  closures but says that currently, there are no planned changes to the  proposals.

 The question now is will the public opposition be heard and  have only affect, or will authorities simply close the book  of this debate? Oxford's transport network has been  hailed as a blueprint for the rest of the country by a government  minister.

 Norman Baker said the city's eco-friendly approach should  be applauded.

 But critics say it falls well short of first class.

  Jeremy Stern reports.

 Every day, tens of thousands of  people travel around Oxford, be it by bus, by bike, by car or on foot.

  The government is using the city as an example to the rest of the  country of Howard transport network should be run.

 -- how a transport  network.

 Today transport minister Norman Baker met those responsible  for keeping Oxfordshire on the move.

 He said one of the government's  priorities is to make local travel more eco-friendly.

 We have seen  Tech -- steps taken to achieve that in his successful way.

 The good  work between council and bus operator to get a partnership going,  looking at the work done on cycling.

 Tackling carbon emissions and  cutting congestion are two of the key pledges set out in the  government's new plan for local transport.

 The budget is five under  and £60 million.

 Critics accept it sounds like a healthy amount but  says Oxford is far from being a shiny example.

 If you look at  Oxford as a sustainable transport town, you have a problem.

 It is  still completely dominated by cars here, they compete with set --  cyclists and pedestrians.

 There is a hierarchy where the car is still  king.

 The county council admits there is room for improvement and  once bus companies here to address -- work together to attract  commuters.

 Bigger project will have to wait.

 The current spending  squeeze has led to dozens of road and rail improvements in the county  being shelved.

 Commuters may not be surprised to  hear that the 742 from Reading to Paddington is the most overcrowded  train in the country.

 The service carried on average 326 passengers  more than the official capacity of the train of 533.

 Commuters on the  7th 40 3:00am Henley to Paddington train were also identified as being  overcrowded.

 Thames Water says customers who've  been using water without paying are being given the chance to come  forward and confess or face up to six years of back-charges.

 The so-  called water amnesty will be available to thousands of residents,  who the company believe are currently not paying up.

 The firm  says it will be reviewing its records on properties up until  March.

 A controversial American pastor has  been banned from entering Britain.

 Terry Jones had been invited to  speak in Milton Keynes next month.

 But the Home Office says his  presence is not conducive to the public good.

 Kim Riley has been  following the story.

 The right wing group England is  ours has a blighted Terry Jones to address them in Bletchley.

 He had a  tiny church in Florida, but his threat to burn a copy of the Koran  on the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks caused condemnation.

  Theresa May, Home Secretary, has issued an order excluding him from  the UK.

 The Home Office says in numerous comments are evidence of  his unacceptable behaviour.

 I have assured the government and news  agencies that we have no intention of causing any kind of trouble or  disturbance.

 We plan on respecting the laws that you have in England.

  So we feel that the ban is absolutely not necessary.

  Muslim Council of Britain has today welcomed the Home Secretary's  decision.

 In sport, Oxford runner Mara  Yamauchi has pulled out this year's London Marathon with a hamstring  problem.

 The 37-year-old, who finished second in 2009, has  withdrawn as a precaution as she looks to fully recover from the  injury ahead of the 2012 Olympic games.

  Swindon Town have announced the winner of their talent competition,  searching for a new star from amateur football.

 Last week three  young hopefuls were invited to train with the Swindon's first team  squad.

 Now they've selected a winner, 19-year-old Londoner Jordan  Pavett, who is a striker.

 He'll return to the County Ground at the  end of the month to start his 12 month contract with the club.

  As comedy legends go, they don't get much bigger than John Cleese.

  This week he's been talking Fawlty Towers, A Fish Called Wanda and his  latest comedy tour with us.

 We'll have the full interview tomorrow.

  John told us how much work had gone into one of the most famous sitcoms  of all time.

 What was so funny in retrospect was  how little I was paid at the time.

 For the first series of Fawlty  Towers, writing and performing, I got paid £6,000 which is not a lot  for about three-quarters of the

 thanks for watching and have a good  Welcome to East Midlands Today with Anne Davies and me, Dominic Heale.

  Our top story tonight - council workers in Leicester launch a jobs  fightback.

 There is real anger here at the  speed and scale of these cuts, which will see more than 500 people  lose their jobs.

 Also tonight - murdered hours after  calling 999.

 How the police failed Joanne Butler.

  And heading home - one tiny baby and some rather tricky travel plans.

  Seth will be at Merthyr Tydfil until further notice.

 I will be  going tomorrow by train.

 And I will be telling you about my  plans to climb Mount Everest and be the first woman in the world to  Good evening.

 Hundreds of City Council workers gathered in  Leicester today in protest at cuts which will see at least 600 staff  lose their jobs.

 Council leaders say it is the toughest Budget  settlement in living memory.

 To balance the books the council is  planning to privatise leisure centres, cut children's services  and stop running residential care homes.

 Geoff Maskell has been  following the story.

 Good evening.

 If last night was  about the numbers, a 9% budget cut, 50 million going from the Budget in  Leicester City, today has been more about the reaction.

 It has been  about the people, jobs and services that are going to go.

 That is why  staff from places like this care home in Leicester joined today's  lunchtime demonstration.

 They came from all parts of the  city, librarians and social workers, care staff and cleaners, all  affected by cuts of almost 9% in the Budget.

 I worry because it is  my mum, and she will be out of a job.

 Not only are we threatened  with redundancy, but also the fact that services are going to go for  vulnerable people across the city.

 It all his people's pockets.

  A lot of preventative work is going to go, and we will see an increase  in homelessness and poverty and things like that.

  The grant from central government has been cut by £50 million, with  more to followed.

 So these cuts are not about efficiency savings.

 It is  about the council stepping back from a whole raft of activity.

  The city has announced that six care homes are too close, all of  Leicester's leisure centres are to be privatised, 100 jobs in  children's services will go and one homeless shelter will close.

  Council leaders say the scale of cuts will be even worse if unions  don't also accept a package of cuts two hours, pay and benefits.

  Away from the demonstration, groups are coming to terms with the  decision that there will no longer be residential care homes.

  The current residents of the homes, this is their place to live.

 I hope  the council is thinking hard about putting proper procedures in place  to make sure those people are kept informed about what is going to  happen, and given plenty of time so that there is good consultation.

  Local authorities have been there to look after the vulnerable and  elderly.

 It appears that Leicester City Council has decided that is no  longer what they are about and they don't want to provide the services  to the public, which is scary.

 This is one of eight council owned  care homes.

 Under the proposals as they are at the moment, six of them  will close.

 The other two will become assessment centres for  people suffering from dementia and other conditions.

 The council  tonight have said they want to be very clear to people that none of  these homes are going to close any time soon.

 They say this is not a  done deal, it is a consultation.

 It is one which will last for at least  East Midlands today can exclusively reveal that Leicestershire Police  failed to respond to a series of 999 caused by a woman who later  died.

 38-year-old Joanne Butler called the force hours before she  was murdered.

 An independent report has criticised the police for  failing her.

 Her parents say that had officers responded, she would  still be alive.

 Joanne Butler died in 2006.

 She was  murdered by her neighbours.

 This was Jo's flat in our Shotton.

 On  the night she was killed, she dialled 999 for Leicestershire  Police.

 She called three times in 11 minutes.

 But no officer was sent  until the following day.

 It was then that they found her body.

  She must have been extremely frightened, must have been.

  It makes me feel sad and sick and full of horror.

 If you call 999,  you should get help.

 But nobody went.

 Now a report by  the IPCC has criticised Leicestershire Police for failing  in their care for Jo.

 The report has been sent to her parents, but  it has not yet been made public.

 People should know that  Leicestershire Police let Jo down that night.

 It should never happen  to anybody else.

 Jo's parents think that if the  police had gone to her flat after she dialled 999, things would be  different.

 It is bad because had she not been  let down, she might still be alive.

 Jo has paid the ultimate price.

 We  will never get over it.

 The IPCC say they are discussion  with the police, and the report identified several failings by the  force.

 In a statement, Leicestershire Police say they  could have done things differently, but changes have been made since  Plenty more to come.

 Including Leicester City's trip to Manchester  in the FA Cup court -- in the FA Cup.

 Also, Nottinghamshire council  withdraws from running the tram network saying it could save £80  The new mother desperate to get her baby home and the Transport which  she says Keith letting her down.

 -- which she says keeps letting her  down.

 Baby Seth was born three months ago.

 His mother wants to go  home, but her son needs to be taken by ambulance and there is confusion  over who is responsible.

 They named him Seth after the  Egyptian god of chaos, because since his early arrival, things  have not gone smoothly.

 His mother is delighted with the care he has  had at Nottingham City Hospital.

 Have problem has been trying to  give them back to their home in Wales.

  A couple of weeks ago they tried again to take him back home, and  the Welsh team said they could not do it.

 I am not 100% sure of the  reasons.

 Yesterday they phoned up as I was about to leave and said  that they could not take him again today.

  How do you feel about that? Frustrated.

 Angry.

 Homesick.

 I  really want to get home.

 I have not seen my husband since Christmas.

 I  have not been home at all.

 I will not leave Seth here, even for a  weekend.

 Today things moved on.

 Seth was  transferred this morning, not to the hospital where they live but to  a hospital in Merthyr Tydfil.

 It is still 80 miles from their home.

 And  it is in an East Midlands ambulance.

 The team were able to get in there  by themselves without any help from the Welsh team.

 They feel that with  him being in Wales, the Welsh transportation might actually try  to get him home.

 It seems the Rules for Transport in  situations like this are not clear cut, but in this case, the system  has led one family distress.

 Seth's middle name means warrior, and his  mother hopes he will keep fighting In other news, two more national  inquiries on undercover policing have been announced after the  collapse of a Nottingham climate protest trial.

 Mark Kennedy  infiltrated a plot to shut down Ratcliffe Power Station, but his  evidence was not disclosed and protesters claimed it could have  held their defence case.

 Now his conduct will be investigated by the  Serious Oragnised Crime Agency.

 A separate inquiry will look at how  protest movements are being policed by covert officers.

 That has been  carried out by the Policing Inspectorate.

  A 23-year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder has been  released on bail while the police continue their inquiries.

 He was  arrested on Friday in connection with the death of 28-year-old Dean  Lloyd from Huthwaite.

 He died from stab wounds.

 Police have been given  more time to question two other men, neither of whom is being held on  suspicion of murder.

 Lincolnshire is to lose all this  traffic wardens.

 The police force is scrapping six posts from the end  of March.

 Five of the wardens are made redundant, while the sixth is  retiring.

 A spokesman denied that motorists were being handed a  licence to part whether they wanted.

 -- to park.

  Police officers who have been searching part of the Grand Union  Canal in Leicester have found a body.

 Specialist divers spent the  morning looking for any sign of Arthur Prosser, who has not been  seen since before Christmas.

 After almost seven weeks of waiting,  it was the worst of news for the family of Arthur Prosser.

 Part of  the investigation led police had to start searching this river near one  of his favourite walking spots.

 Today, police divers found a body.

  It was found at around lunchtime.

 Officers believe it is that of the  missing man.

 But a formal identification is likely to happen  until tomorrow.

 A forensic examination is continuing.

 Arthur  was last seen outside the supermarket in December.

 He had  Parkinson's disease and a history of heart problems.

 Despite an  intensive campaign by the police and his family, nothing was turned  up.

 The conduct of his family throughout the ordeal brought  praise from the police.

 The family are tremendous and are  showing courage.

 They have been very brave.

 They have supported the  police investigation, and they themselves have been placing flyers  and speaking to people and have Still to come: Weather and sport,  including last night's big FA Cup game.

  And I am with the cabbie -- couple who had just been given a free  Before all that, going their separate ways - Nottinghamshire's  County Council is withdrawing most of its support for Nottingham's  tram service.

 It says the move will save £18 million.

 Despite that,  officials in the city aim to push ahead with their plans to extend  the tram network.

 It is another stop in the long  journey of the Nottingham tram system.

 Nottinghamshire County  Council had already agreed to pull out of most of its involvement in  the service.

 Today the authority revealed how much it could save by  backing out.

 We are not against Trans per se.

 We  are against both fruits -- both routes.

 We do not want to write a  blank cheque.

 We know it will be at least £80 million.

 By withdrawing,  we can spend the money elsewhere in Nottinghamshire.

 In a day and age  when budgets are under pressure, it is money which can be put into  public transport right across the county.

 In October last year the  government said it would still support the extension of the tram  network from the city centre.

 But with the county council pulling out,  can the city authorities still cope?  It is not helpful.

 What they have not done is sabotaged the scheme.

  We are great for four small mercies.

 We want a high quality network for  the whole area.

 We could have lost the team dealing with the tram, we  could have lost the network.

 We are already thinking of a fourth and  fifth line.

 The county council will still --  still help fund concessionary fares.

 It has cost Nottinghamshire more  than £260,000 so far in legal fees to pull out of the trendy of.

 --  A Labour MP has called for more investment in schemes to help  vulnerable children.

 The government asked Graham Allen to look at the  impact of "early intervention schemes".

 A pilot project already  operates in his Nottingham North constituency.

 His report says  solving problems before children start school can save money in the  long term.

 He also wants more support for teenage parents, a  national parenting campaign and more private investment.

  Police who are trying to find new buildings as part of cost cutting  measures may be based in a school.

 The Leicestershire force may move  into Belvoir High School in Bottesford once it's sold off its  police station in the village.

 The police need to save £34 million  over the next four years because the government's cut its grant.

  Campaigners say they are delighted that two controversial bus lanes in  Derby are to go.

 The city council is to remove the lanes on Kedleston  Road and Duffield Road.

 Local people said the bus lanes made  driving dangerous.

 A Derby woman is planning to climb  Mount Everest and then jump off it.

 Squash Falconer is going to  paraglider off the mountain, which, at 8850 metres, is the highest in  the world.

 If she succeeds, she will become  the first woman to do it.

 We sent Carol Hinds to meet this  mountaineer with a most unusual name.

  There are 11 weeks of training remaining before Squash Falconer  leaves for Nepal.

 The 29-year-old from Derby is hoping to climb Mount  Everest and then paraglider from the top.

  I climb mountains and the mountains got progressively higher.

 I climbed  the 6th highest in the world and realised that Everest was an option.

  When I flew off the top of Mont Blanc, I thought, why not fly off  the top of Everest? That paraglider from the highest  mountain in Europe last year flew her into the record books.

  It gave me an understanding of climbing a mountain with my  paraglider and understanding how I take off with all of my dear from  the summit.

 Climb in the world's tallest  mountain is no easy feat and she is aware of the challenge ahead.

  People think I have no fear but that is not true at all.

 I am very  nervous but I think it is a positive nervousness.

 The adrenalin  and nerves I get focus me and make me concentrate on the task at hand.

  If she pulls it off, her name - a most unusual name - will once again  be in the record books.

 My sister could not call --  pronounce my name, Louise, when I was born.

 Ever since she has called  me squash and as far as I am concerned that is my name.

  If she succeeds, she will set a new record and a raised thousands of  pounds for a new charities.

 -- and raised.

  He is marked.

 -- here is Marc.

 Coming up, Nigel Clough and the  latest transfers news, but we are starting with what Sven-Goran  Eriksson says was a performance to be proud of.

 Leicester City went  down 4-2 at Manchester City in their FA Cup replay.

 Jeremy  Nicholas reports.

 6,000 Leicester fans made the  journey, all hopeful that Sven's men would triumph and take on Notts  County in the next round.

 They started well and had plenty of  chances to take the lead in the first 15 minutes but it was the  home side that scored first, Carlos Tevez unstoppable.

 The power of his  shot beat the keeper.

 Leicester were soon back in it.

 The referee  gave a penalty for this foul and Gallacher levelled the scores.

 In  the last 10 minutes of the first half, Manchester City scored twice.

  When Carlos Tevez won a penalty, it looked all over, but the spot kick  was saved.

 When Leicester pulled it back to 3-2 there was soon -- still  hope.

 But as they tried to force extra-time, Manchester City scored  again.

 It finished 4-2 but Leicester were certainly not  disgraced in front of a large travelling support appreciated by  the manager of.

 We travelled to a very good game.

  Congratulations to the fans.

 You would never think they were  Premiership and we were Championship.

 I think we played  very well.

 Leicester, 4-2, we are proud of our boys.

  Leicester out, but that is good news for Notts County, who now have  their own bumper pay-day at home to Manchester City.

 It will be live on  TV, but that has not stopped the clamour for tickets which began  this morning.

 The club are selling to season-ticket holders only at  the moment.

 But the remaining tickets will be up for grabs on  Saturday.

 Notts are hoping for a full house and, of course, a Cup  shock! Leicester were not able to do it  last night but we are looking forward to Notts doing it a week on  Sunday.

 We were going to be the money bags last season.

 Now we are  not.

 What do you think? A result? think we will lose but it will be a  good game.

 A draw, I think.

 Well, Notts have been there and  done it.

 20 years ago they beat the big boys of Manchester City in the  5th round of the FA Cup.

 It was a snowy winter.

 Neil Warnock was the  Notts manager.

 His team went sledging.

 And this was part of our  preview back in 1991.

 If we leave to Manchester City, why  worry? We are 4th in the leak.

 Our lads are capable of beating anybody  in -- on the day and we hope we give them a good game.

 Team spirit?  I don't have to answer that, do I? Plenty of people who would love to  do that with Neil Warnock these days.

 And more from 1991 next week.

  In transfer news, Derby County are still in the chase for Notts County  midfielder Ben Davies.

 Rams boss Nigel Clough says he is still  hopeful of reaching a deal with Magpies boss Paul Ince.

  We are waiting for a response from Notts.

 He is a player who would fit  in well with Derby, I think.

 Yes, we have watched him for the last 18  months and even before that.

 He is a good player.

 I do not want to say  too much in case Paul gets upset again!  And Derby are still keen to get Martyn Waghorn on loan from  Leicester.

 Whilst, at Leicester, Sven has squashed stories claiming  Thierry Henry was going to sign for him.

  In rugby, Nottingham Rugby Club strengthened their pay-off position  with a big win at Esher last night.

 Meanwhile, the Leicester Tigers are  preparing for their key European game on Sunday.

 They need to win to  make the quarter-finals.

 They have never lost to an Italian team and  need to maintain that record against Treviso at Welford Road.

  Very much so.

 We don't want to get complacent.

 We nearly slipped up at  Driby so.

 They are a tough team and we are in for a challenge.

 -- at  Treviso.

 Finally cricket.

 Nottinghamshire's  Stuart Broad is preparing to fly out back to Australia to join up  with the squad, after being named in England's World Cup squad.

  County colleague Graeme Swann is also in the party.

 But he is  missing the next three one-day internationals with an injury.

  Thank you, Mark.

 Now, did you know it is 100 days to  go to the big day? What big day?  Oh, keep up! To the royal wedding of course.

 But it is also 100 days  to a very special day for a Derby couple as well.

  Yes, now, that wedding I have heard about.

 Daniel and Kelly will be  tying the knot on April 29th, but had not expected to be able to  afford much of a honeymoon.

 Not until, that is, the Kenya  Tourist Board stepped in and changed everything.

 James Roberson  has been to meet the soon to be happy couple.

  First thing first, food.

 Sandwiches, tuner and egg.

  Daniel Lindsay and Kelly Meads have been nothing if not organised.

 They  have been planning their big day on Friday 17th December since last  September.

 -- on 29th April.

 It came as a shock when their thunder  was stolen by another couple, Kate and William.

 The Royals will have  an Abbey.

 Our couple have Derby register office.

  I thought it would look small compared to theirs but it is a nice  venue.

 It will be a bank holiday, so everybody has a day off.

 I have  no excuses! It has worked do Daniel and Kelly's  excuses.

 The publicity about their wedding day has meant that they  have received discounts on their outfits but also of the Kenya  Tourist Board in London offered them a honeymoon on African safari,  because Kenya was where Kate and William got engaged.

  They rang us up and said, we feel sorry for you.

 They said, we will  do want better for you, we will take you to Kenya.

 I screamed like  a woman! Running around the House, we are going to Kenya, we are going  to Kenya.

 Both couples have just 100 days to  go to their big events.

 Everybody is -- everything is  And, with 100 days to the royal wedding, the region's manufacturers  are already knocking up Kate and Wills memorabilia.

  Tonight, your chance to find antiques expert James Lewis to find  out how much your royal items might be worth.

 Richard Spurr, live on  your local BBC radio station after Thanks for joining me.

 I hope you  are well.

 I am sure you will agree that in the past couple of days we  had sat -- had some glorious weather.

 A massive thank-you first  double to Mike Murray.

 Let's see what is going to happen as we head  into tonight.

 The first couple of hours we have clear skies, the  temperatures will fall.

 Look what happens as we get to 12 o'clock.

  Those who live towards the West had a fair amount of fog.

 Towards the  east you have a bit if cloud.

 Temperatures dipping in the Peak  District, so a bit of frost.

 But temperatures on average around two  degrees so it -- and it should be a dry night.

 In the morning the cloud  takes his time to shift.

 The fog as well should be there through the  middle part of the morning.

 After that, a dry day with clear skies  and temperatures hovering around six degrees.

 It still feels fresh  because we have these wins -- these wind pushing down from the north-  west.

 We have a weather system dragging down from the east coast.

  That pushes the wind in from the North Sea.

 With all the moisture in  the air, we get a fair amount of cloud as we get towards Saturday.

  That stays with us into Sunday.



 Good afternoon.

 People have been  returning to work in Egypt after a night of celebrations to mark  President Mubarak's resignation.

 The army has started dismantling  the barriers around Tahrir Square in Cairo.

 But large groups of  activists are warning they won't leave until the armed forces agree  to hand over control of the country to civilians.

 Jon Leyne reports  from Cairo.

 This morning the party goes on in Tahrir Square.

 As it did  throughout the night.

 Egyptians are still delighted, but  also slightly dazed about what they have done.

 Enjoying their first new  day for three decades without Hosni Mubarak in charge.

  Some of the protesters are packing away their make-shift tents and  preparing to leave the square.

 Others say they will stay until all  of their demands are met.

 Are you staying or going? Staying.

  Because? Because we want to approve all of the demands.

 We want to stay  beside our Army.

 Hand in hand with them.

 We will stay until we have  our aims.

 Away from the party, some more remarkable scenes, a  spontaneous clean-up, organised by the protest themselves.

  Here on the edge of Tahrir Square they are beginning a clean-up.

  These are volunteers of taking -- taking part.

 A way of taking  ownership of their country.

 On the edge of the square one of  the streets has re-opened, but the cars are negotiating their way  around a huge pile of rubbish.

 Egyptians are eager to get back to  work, but it will take a time to return this country to a semblance  of normality.

 The tanks are out on the streets, protecting key  buildings.

 It is the military in charge for the moment.

 It is still  not clear precisely what that means.

 Have they sacked all of the  civilian government? More importantly, can they really be  trusted to shepherd in the new Egypt and the new democracy?  Egyptians are just enjoying the moment, but the opposition will be  looking for concrete gestures soon to show that Egypt has not just  moved from one dictatorship to another.

  Ben Brown is in Cairo now, Ben, where does Egypt go from here? I  think that all eyes are on the military.

 In particular, the Field  Marshal, the Defence Minister in charge of the armed forces.

 They  are in charge of the country and in charge of setting Egypt on a road  towards democracy, on a road towards free and fair elections.

  The protesters, some of them want to go back home, to return to work,  but some of them want to stay on the streets, to ensure that the  armed forces don't let them down, ensuring that Egypt does become a  democracy.

 They have gotten rid of Hosni Mubarak, but they do want to  ensure that the country does become a democracy.

 They do trust the  military, they never opened fire on them in all of the days of the  demonstration.

 One early sign of optimism is that the army have  shortened the curfew, it has been shortened from midnight to ofam.

  More than to,000 riot police have been deployed in Algiers.

 As  protest -- as pro tersers gather there, there are several thousand  people in the city centre, they are shouting anti-government slogans.

  There are police and water canons in the city centre.

  Kenneth Clarke says that the coalition will face political  difficulty when the scale of the cuts hits the middle-classs this  year.

 How is this different from what the  rest of the Government's been saying? This is a very blunt  assessment from Kenneth Clarke about the economic future, what it  holds.

 Now, Kenneth Clarke himself is a former Chancellor, he has said  in the past that he believes that economic recovery is to be a long  hall.

 That is a difference -- different emphasis from some of his  colleagues who would prefer to tell us when there are bad figures, that  economic better times are around the corner.

 Kenneth Clarke does not  disagree with the Prime Minister nor with George Osborne that  cutting the deficit is absolutely necessary in this interview with  the Daily Telegraph, Kenneth Clarke describes himself as a deficit hawk,  but what he is being explicit about, is that he believes that once  middle England feels this, there will be political pain for the  coalition.

 As he might expect, Labour has seized on that, Ed  Miliband saying that he believes that the middle-class are already  well aware of the cuts coming down the pipeline.

 That is why we have  seen people complain being the planned closure of public libraries,  for instance.

 Thank you.

  Ministers have found £27 million to enable 500 specialist debt advisers  across England and Wales to continue working.

 They help 100,000  people a year with debt problems, but they had been due to lose their  jobs as part of the spending cuts.

 Simon Gompertz reports.

  Any other expenditure we have not mention snd Advice sessions like  this were in danger after the Treasury revealed that it was  closing the financial inclusion fund that paid for them.

 Specialist  debt advisers had been sent redundancy notices and they had  stopped taking on new cases, but Government sources deny that the  decision to restore the funding is a U-turn.

 Partly because the £27  million needed has been found elsewhere, from a contingency  reserve in the Business Department.

 It will pay for 500 specially  trained advisers who deal with 100,000 of the most difficult cases  each year.

 It's a huge relief, for the people  who turn to us for help with debts that they cannot afford to repay  and for our advisers, who would be facing even more demand for their  help next year as unemployment has continued to rise.

  The threat has been lifted from the

 Welcome to Reporting Scotland.

  Tonight: Two life sentences for the Scots policeman who used his power  on the streets to prey on vulnerable women.

  Also to come.

 Out of step - senior officers clash over proposals to  create a single Scottish police force.

  The Edinburgh church that could be set to host this summer's other  Royal wedding.

 And back so soon.

 Rangers draw  Celtic at Ibrox in the next round A police officer from Glasgow has  been given two life sentences for raping and sexually assaulting  volleyball woman while on duty in Newcastle.

 Stephen Mitchell told  one of his victims that if she complained nobody would believe a  junkie.

 Today the judge said Mitchell posed such a threat to  women he may never be released from prison.

  He was supposed to be in a position of trust, a police officer  protecting the public.

 Instead, PC Stephen Mitchell abused his  position of power to sexually assault and rape women he met  through his job.

 Wearing his uniform, he would prey on women who  had been arrested or brought into custody in Newcastle.

 He would  befriend them are offered to drop charges, but in return demanded  sexual favours.

 For years he targeted vulnerable women to abuse.

  Mitchell even carried out some of his assaults inside this police  station in the centre of Newcastle.

 It was years before he picked on a  woman who was brave enough to come forward and report him.

 With a  victim after a victim of thinking that no-one would believe their  word against that of a police officer.

 One woman he targeted has  spoken about her ordeal.

 At the time I was an addict and I was  going along with anything just to get the tablets.

 He would help us  out and give us money.

 I just thought, who would believe someone  who had a criminal record and was on drugs over a police officer.

  Hopefully the victims can put this behind them, it has been horrendous,  but they did get support.

 They got the support from Northumbria police  once they became aware what the problem was.

  10 years ago, Mitchell spoke out after his father was killed by his  next-door neighbour.

 My dad had to keep continually telling the story  over and again to the officer that came along.

 Maybe the did not have  the systems in place to know automatically when you are getting  cold to a house that there have been previous incidents.

 Mitchell  should never have been a police officer on the streets of Newcastle.

  When applying to the force he never told them he had been accused of  similar offences in the army.

 That allowed him to carry out a string  of offences.

 A man who thought he was up of a lot because he was the  law, will now stay in prison until it is deemed he is no longer a  danger to vulnerable women.

 Two of Scotland's most senior  police chiefs have clashed over proposals for a single Scottish  force.

 Grampian Chief Constable said the move could damage local  policing, but the second in command at Lothian and Borders force said a  single police force would save money and improve the fight against  crime.

 Bobbies on the beat, but where do  their orders come from? Right now Scotland has eight police forces,  but there is pressure for that to change.

 Today, one of the country's  most senior police officers said one force is all we need.

 I think a  single force gives use their chance to reduce bureaucracy and have  consistent and clear policies and approach is right across Scotland.

  It gets the very best out of your resources and delivers policing  more cheaply.

 This is how things look right now.

 Eight forces for  eight regions.

 A move to a single force could bring multi-million  pound savings.

 That is an attractive option right now.

 In  Grampian, there is concern that their police force could lose out  on funding to the central belt.

 and the north-east, we are.

.

.

 We  have managed it to reinvest and made efficiencies.

 In a single  organisation, the chances are that any efficiencies that are deemed  you will go into the big central pot and will be reinvested in  policing elsewhere.

 In each area there is a resident Constable, he  takes the part of an old village bobby.

.

.

 Scotland's police forces  have local routes.

 They are more centralised now it, but that local  focus remains.

 Times have changed and these police  boxes are now either a coffee shops or closed.

 Like this one, looking a  bit run-down.

 That idea that they represent, of a police force as  part of a local community, is something that you want to lose.

 If  that is lost, some fear our democracy could suffer.

 I think  there is a danger that if we wear to establish a national police  force we would stat -- start to blur the distinction between local  policing and the military, in terms of national security.

 Tomorrow, the  Justice Secretary will set out plans for the future of the police.

  Change is on the cards, what ever form that takes it will not be easy.

  You are watching Reporting Scotland, has still to come: we are in  Beijing, of home of two very special guests who will soon be  coming to Scotland.

 This panders seems to be enjoying his afternoon  nap.

 When sunshine arrives in Edinburgh, they will be hoping  their new home is as comfortable.

 In sport, news of but show-stopping  tight in a Scottish Cup draw.

 Details to fall.

 Celtic then their  anger as the Neil Lennon is banned for six matches.

  The last moment of the helicopter flight which killed champion rally  driver Colin McRae were described at a fatal accident inquiry today.

  Mr McRae and his three passengers died in September 2007.

  The scene in September 2007 after the helicopter, flown by former  world rally champion Colin McRae, crashed in woods near his Larnaca  home.

 He was a regular flier at his last fatal flight was witnessed by  this farmer.

 Mr Lowry said Mr McRae's helicopter veered to the  right and then to the left as it approached the family home.

 He said  he then lost sight of it as it went behind the contours of the land.

 He  said he then stop part of their rotor arm spiralling up words.

  Colin McRae retired from motor sport for years before the accident.

  He continued to fly his helicopter for business and leisure.

 His  business manager flew regularly with him and was last in a  helicopter days before the fatal crash.

 I always had the utmost  Along with Colin McRae and his son Johnny, two others died.

 Graham  Duncan and Johnny's friend.

 His family were in court today, the  second day of their hearing which is likely to come to a conclusion  in March.

 Campaigners trying to save RAF  Lossiemouth in Moray have delivered a petition to den -- 10 Downing  Street containing 30,000 signatures.

 Last year the defence review  signalled the end of RAF Kinloss and left the future of RAF  A new front in the fight to save RBS -- RAF Lossiemouth.

 Once  Scottish troops went into battle at the sound of pipes, now they are  used by campaigners marching towards the heart of government.

  Today a petition containing more than 30,000 signatures was handed  in to Downing Street, are urging the Prime Minister to keep the base  open.

 The community in SEP- -- itself, with the amount of  signatures we have handed then, they are all behind us.

 These are  33,000 voices we have delivered to the Prime Minister.

 It is the  latest move in a high-profile campaign.

 Ba -- all parties in  Scotland have joined forces to fight closure.

 Moray has already  been hit hard by the defence cuts.

 The RAF is pulling out of nearby  Kinloss.

 Campaigners say closing mossy mess would be catastrophic.

  It is very worrying.

 You can see it in the housing market.

 People do  not know where they are going to be and whether they will be able to  join their spouse.

 The future of RAF Leuchars in Fife is also in the  next.

 Just yards from Downing Street, a First Minister held talks  with the Defence Secretary about wider defence issues in Scotland.

  If they went ahead with a madcap scheme to close to it of the  Scottish year basis, you would be left with a configuration of air  bases which would look like trying to refit the Battle of Britain.

  That is no way to configure the a defence of the United Kingdom.

  Tonight he briefed campaigners, they MoD incest no final decisions  have been taking.

 The brunt truth is that more closures will take  place.

 Some of the other stories across  Scotland this Tuesday: the UK Government has announced plans for  more frequent environmental checks on North Sea oil and gas  installations.

 The number of offshore inspections  carried out each year will increase from 60 to 150.

 It comes in the  wake of the Gulf of Mexico disaster last year.

  Two people have been charged over an allegation of large-scale  embezzlement at Aberdeen City Council.

 Grampian Police is  investigating that allegation which is understood to involve a six  figure sum.

 Two fires at businesses in  Livingston are being treated as spies at -- suspicious by police.

  The mayor of the bar was badly damaged overnight.

 Crews also  tackled a fire at nearby Grand Central Bar.

 They are owned by the  same person and police believe they may have been started deliberately.

  This is 60-year-old Jane Brown.

 A police are saying it is a miracle  she is alive.

 She went missing for 48 hours in near-freezing  conditions dressed only in her night clothes and cold.

  Day two of a hunt for Jane Brown.

 Members of this rescue team search  near her home on their output of Dumfries.

 Tonight have passed since  she disappeared, wearing pyjamas with a coat on top.

 Hope is fading.

  We are concerned.

 It is very cold.

 A few miles away, this woman was  out dog-walking and heard a distant shout.

 I heard somebody shouting,  help me! I heard it a few times.

 I tried to locate the person but  could not, so I went for help.

 went to anew by Warehouse and fund  a first aider.

 The fall of the cries and found the stricken women  lying in marsh land, bear fruit and soaking wet.

 She was on the floor,  her slippers were off.

 Her legs were very wet.

 She did say to the  police officer that she could not feel her legs.

 I think she would  not have been able to make it out of here herself.

 I am glad she is  OK.

 I am pleased we got help you to find her.

 I think she has been  really lucky, given the weather conditions and a lack of suitable  clothing she had on.

 A bit of a miracle? You could say that.

 They  were expecting a less than rosy outcome.

 Jean is now in hospital  Two men have been injured in a crash involving a car and a snow  plough or in Aberdeenshire.

 The driver is in a serious but stable  condition in hospital.

 The crash happened four miles from Kincardine  O'Neill.

 Ms peas returning to date after the  Christmas break for the less Parliamentary session before the  election.

 I suppose the campaigning starts Nia but what are the big  issues? It is about money, I'd just about the economy, it is about  spending cuts.

 It is a bit light the game of political pass the  parcel.

 The Tories know that spending cuts are or impossible.

  But they say -- unpopular but they say they will be passing on the  hard fight.

 The Lib Dems say that they will revise public services  and save money.

 They will not pass on some of the proposals that are  being implemented by the coalition.

 The Labour Party says what has been  handed on from Westminster are spending cuts that are far too fast  and deep.

 Labour also idea that they're being made worse by  mismanagement by the SNP.

 Let us turn find a to their SNP.

 They say  the downturn started on Labour's patch and that the cuts are too far  and too fast.

 They will say that they have tried to make things as  good as possible and to mitigate the damage.

 What they say they  really want to offer his fill economic powers.

 Only that will the  seat will the economy be revised.

 suppose tax powers will also figure.

  There is a jewel offer there.

 On the one hand, the offer of full  fiscal powers from SNP but in the Scotland Bill, it was being  discussed today.

 The evidence being given to stay suggested that there  could be greater problems from the Scotland Bill.

 One final thought,  there are meant to be in the first week of May.

 If the budget falls  and the cannot get it through, they could be earlier.

 I do not think it  would happen.

 We're not going to move too far  from Holyrood.

 Speculation is growing that and work to be hosting  a royal wedding this summer.

 The Canongate Kirk is being considered  for the wedding of Zara Phillips and Mike Tindall.

 It was in  December that Zara Phillips announced her engagement to Mike  Tindall.

 The couple have still to officially announce where the  wedding will be but there is growing speculation that it might  be Edinburgh after this not so Royal's wedding plans were bombed  by row request.

 They had it but for 30th July.

 The father of the bride-  to-be picks up the story.

 We had a call from the Minister asking us if  we would consider releasing the picking.

 The Palace had asked for  the use of the Church.

 We're very happy to oblige.

 We were quickly it  will soon pick Grey Friars Kirk for the wedding on the same day.

 Our  plans have not been interrupted.

 Princess Anne and a fiancee may be  walking Dennis I'll come July.

 This is where the Queen worships when  she stays at Holyrood Pass.

 News of a possible royal wedding got the  thumbs-up.

 It is her choice to marry whoever she pleases.

 Anything  that gives the city higher profile is a good thing.

 While the other  royal wedding is causing a stir in London there is a mixed reaction  here.

 We will be quite busy.

 A lot of the retailers have got extra  well made to bring putts for that special event.

 The Kirk's ministers  said that he could not make any statement and the Palace says it is  pure speculation ahead of any formal announcement.

  From the wedding to trouble and strife within Scottish football.

  Celtic's feud with the Scottish Football Association could be back  on after Neil Lennon was handed a six-match touchline ban.

 He had  appealed against a two-match ban after being sent to the stand in a  march against Hearts last year.

 But the SFA have decided to treble the  punishment.

 Celtic will kill again and are far from happy.

 Sent to the  stand for protesting on the touchline.

 He appealed the  punishment but he will now have even more reason for rage.

  Following a disciplinary hearing today that is there a six-game ban.

  That means you'll miss a number of high-profile matches including a  I am quite sure that from now on he will be camera.

 He needs that  aggression as well.

 He is the main man and he is probably at his best  when he is really up for a game and a bit aggressive.

 Celtic are far  from happy as Neil Lennon gets ready for a lengthy spell on the  stand.

 The Scottish Football Association  got two rock stars in to make the drop it seems to beat working as he  made a jot to remember.

 Two members of the Scottish band Biffy Clyro  stopped the show at Hampden today.

 Rangers will play Celtic.

 Maybe not  the pairing that the President had hoped for.

  When we collide we come together.

 It is a very big one.

 On the day,  the best team will win.

 I think the fairy-tale side of the cup will be  looking at this side of the draw and everyone will be thinking they  have the chance to get to the final.

 One of the Old Firm will be going  out.

 I have it on good authority that this is the last time that  Biffy Clyro and the SFA present will perform together.

 Could  imagine him stripped to the waste There is full coverage of the drop  on our website and there is reaction and coverage of the fourth  round replays on BBC Radio Scotland.

 The show was on now.

  Finally, the Scottish Football Association is on touch with other  home nations to play a one-off tournament in 2013.

 The English do  not want to revive the form international tournament on a  regular basis.

 If you had friendly games later the home nations you'd  have to be careful.

 They need to bring in other opponents to make  sure the teams are prepared.

 It may not be practical.

 I'm not usually  so engrossed in the football but that was really good.

  Yesterday we told you about plans to bring to panders to Edinburgh.

  Sweet Sweet and Sunshine got the thumbs up here but how has it gone  down in the Far East? There are the sort face of China.

 With just over  2000 pandas left in the world, they remain a huge trough.

 Now it a pair  of pandas will be loaned to Edinburgh Zoo.

 It is a move that  has aroused mixed emotions.

 I feel a little bit sad as pandas are very  precious.

 Because of their endangered statists it took five  years of negotiations before China agreed to the deal.

 This panda  seems to be enjoying his afternoon nap.

 Sweet Sweet and Sunshine will  be hoping that their real home is as comfortable.

 For decades, pandas  have used panders to help diplomacy.

 Panda diplomacy beat its peak in  the 70s.

 It is politics that is driving this latest plan the deal.

  Giving too cute carbs to the British people we are sending a  message that you want to make our relationship stronger.

 Despite  their cuddly appearances, planned as can be difficult PCS.

 Britain's  as can be difficult PCS.

 Britain's pandas fault rather than breeding.

  Now let's take a look at the weather.

 It turned out to be a  cracking day for many parts of Scotland.

 That is leading us into a  mainly dry evening with clear skies.

 Temperatures will tumble way.

 Will  have frost and ice returning.

 We will eventually see rain sleet and  snow moving in.

 Towards the coast it will be falling as rain.

 For the  Southern Uplands and Central Lowlands there will be some  appreciable amounts of snow.

 This as you go to the north of the  central belt that the Met Office do have a weather warning out.

  Especially across the Highlands.

 There will be a brisk winds, so  drifting will be an issue.

 Eventually it will become confined  to the far north.

 For many parts it will be a better day.

 Will hold on  to a lot of clout.

 There will be some must and Merck.

 Will have a  pool of cool air.

 To the side of the champions and the Southern  Uplands it will be largely drive for a good part of the day.

 The  temperatures will be eight or nine Celsius towards the south-west  coast.

 We will see the milder air push in leading to some more rain.

  For Thursday, it is looking more unsettled.

 That will gradually ease  away.

 There will tend see some showers falling on.

 There will be  hints of Sunshine towards the east.

 Temperatures will finally climb  into double figures.

 Here are the headlines: Is a police  officer from Glasgow has been given two life sentences for raping and  sexually assaulting vulnerable when -- vulnerable women.

 Pc Stephen  Mitchell represents such a danger during he may never B-list.

  The Barnsley MP Eric Ilsley faces a

 We will be back later.

 10:25pm.

  Water, a wicked and dangerous, at the judges' verdict on the the man  who ran the nationwide paedophile gang from his Rochdale home.

  will probably never know how he has managed to convince four females to  abuse young children and the most vulnerable people in our society.

  Good evening.

 Also in the programme, a lifeline for a swine flu victims.

  We get exclusive access to the hospital with cutting-edge  treatment.

 Knowsley Safari Park denies it is  killing animals unnecessarily.

 And King Kenny on his Anfield come  back.

 When I was asked to do it, there  was no way I was going to be disrespectful and say that are.

  Walker, wicket, dangerous and devious.

 That is how a judge  described Colin Blanchard, who led a nationwide gang of online child  abusers.

 That gang included Vanessa George, a woman who took pictures  of a child being abused at a Plymouth nursery.

 Blanchard was  said to have a Svengali-like hold on his women accomplices.

 One of  them, Tracy Dawber, was jailed for four years.

  Colin Blanchard, the leader of what was described as one of the most  sickening paedophile rings this country has seen.

 How did it  happen? That is probably something we will never know, how he has  managed to convince four females to abuse young children and the most  vulnerable people in our society.

 The national headlines have focused  on Vanessa George, already jailed for sexual assaults on children in  Plymouth.

 But she was only one of four women involved in a network of  abuse.

 Another was Tracy Dawber from Southport.

 She was jailed for  four years today.

 The women had never met each other.

 The link  between them was Colin Blanchard.

 Blanchard lived on this estate near  Rochdale.

 He befriended the women on the internet, encouraging them  to abuse children and take pictures of the abyss.

 The one woman he met  in person was Tracy Dawber.

 A community care worker, she was  found guilty of abusing a five- month-old baby.

 Blanchard was an IT  consultant.

 He was caught when a colleague discovered sick images on  his computer and contacted the police.

 He pleaded guilty to child  Blanchard will spend a minimum of nine years in prison.

  The north-west hospital is helping to save the lives of critically ill  swine flu victims by using technology originally developed  ticket transplant patients alive.

 Wythenshaw is the only hospital in  this region using that technique.

 We were given exclusive access to  the specialist unit.

 This as the Government confirmed that 45 people  have died from swine flu since October.

 Dave Guest is at  Wythenshawe hospital now.

 The patients being treated at the  special unit at the most seriously ill of the most seriously ill flu  victims.

 They have been admitted for critical care.

 More about what  a hospital is doing, in a moment.

 Swine flu is an illness which  affects different people in different ways.

 The vast majority  can shake it off.

 All this have to go into hospital.

 Frank Carlisle  from Liverpool is one person who has had that experience.

  It started on remarkably for Frank Carlisle, a local historian.

  Just started coughing.

 I could not stop coughing.

 His condition  deteriorated and he was admitted to hospital.

 I could not breathe, I  could not move, I was in pain.

 It was one of the most unpleasant  things I have ever experienced in my life.

 Frank was lucky.

 He was  released after two days in hospital.

 The patients on this unit in  Wythenshawe Hospital are not so lucky.

 They are at the most serious  end of the swine flu scale.

 The machinery here is normally used to  keep heart and lung transplant patient alive.

 Now it is being used  for a swine flu patients.

 We have opened more beds.

 We have got four  at the moment.

 The so-called ECMO machine takes over the work of the  patient's lungs.

 In transplantation, the organs  usually work within 48 hours.

 The ECMO machine support is three to  four days.

 You're waiting for the lungs to recover.

 That may take  weeks.

 This is the treatment with - - which has its own risks, so it is  used for or on the most seriously ill.

 But it does give real hope to  those patients and their families.

 Wythenshaw is one of only a handful  of hospitals currently using the technique on flu patients.

 The  facilities are being made available to the most seriously ill patients  across the country.

 You can find out more during Inside  out at 7:30pm.

 In the Commons, questions have been raised about  the Government by us mack preparedness for this outbreak.

  Gerald Kaufman was among those who raised concerns.

 The Health  Secretary said the Government had been properly prepared and praise  the excellent response of the NHS, but he did admit there may be  further deaths from swine flu.

 He was 14 when he died in 2004.

 His  family are still waiting to learn the truth about what happened.

  Today saw the opening of the second inquest into the death of Adam  Rickwood.

 He was found hanging in his cell.

  Disturbed, vulnerable and a long way from home.

 Adam Rickwood came  from Burnley.

 He was placed on remand at hassock field because  there was no secure facility available closer to Lancashire.

 A  month later, he was restrained for refusing to return to his cell.

 One  of the techniques used was a blow beneath the nose.

 Hours later, he  was found hanged.

 A second inquest heard today that those officers  should not have used those restraint techniques on a boy who  was not being violent.

 The first jury was not told that what  happened on that day to Adam was unlawful and illegal.

 All parties  now accept that.

 That is part of the reason why the original verdict  was overturned.

 Today's jury was told illegal techniques of  restraint were employed, and they wanted to know that this  contributed to the death of Adam Rickwood.

 To his mother, just being  here is a victory, whatever the outcome.

 Her statement claims her  some was assaulted by staff.

 It is very important.

 I want truth  and justice for Adam.

 I never made out he was an angel.

 But I need to  get some truth and justice for Adam.

 My belief is, I will not rest until  truth and Justice comes out.

 Agencies involved in child  protection and youth of fending and Lancashire failed to share enough  information about the volatile -- vulnerability of this young man.

  The familiar picture, said the coroner.

 This inquest will also  hear from the private company that runs hassock field.

 The inquest is  expected the last three weeks.

 -- to last three weeks.

  Detectives in Liverpool have lost a murder inquiry after a 20-year-old  man after Baz -- died after being shot in the chest.

 Edward Pybus had  been critically ill since the shooting in Anfield.

 Three men were  released on bail last week.

 Staff at the 40 bed Rushholme  Rehabilitation Hospital in Lancashire have been told it is  closing, with all services and patients transferred to Clifton.

 It  is part of a savings review.

 The long-term future of services in the  area will be subject to public consultation later this year.

  Knowsley Safari Park has denied allegations that it has carried out  unnecessary calls of its animals.

 The park onerous hit back after  church he released shocking pictures of dead animals it says  were not disposed of properly.

 -- bowlers.

 The park says animals are  rarely killed just to reduce numbers.

  Some people may find some of the images in this report distressing.

  The body of idea lies in the open.

 Pictures of animal carcasses at  Knowsley were taken by Penny Boyd.

 She used to work at the park as a  photographer.

 But after seeing dead animals lying in the open, she  contacted an animal charity.

 She says the bodies threatened animal -  - public health.

 There are all sorts of risks.

 From the point of  view that these are animals whose welfare should be of prime  consideration, and to leave them abandoned in that way once they  have been euthanasia, as far as we're concerned, that is the wrong  way to do things.

 Knowsley says the animals pictured died naturally or  were put down after being injured in a fight.

 It says when numbers  get too high, most are moved elsewhere.

 90 something % of all  the animals in the surplus must have been rehoused.

 There are deer  all happily running around in Norfolk.

 The safari park does  accept it was not disposing of carcasses correctly in some cases,  and has changed its procedures.

 This is part of a wider argument  about the role of zoos.

 Animal welfare charities think zoos are  bad for animals and money should be spent on preserving the natural  environment where animals live.

 NOS leaders have a valuable role to  play in protecting endangered species.

 -- Knowsley.

 Neither side  Still to come in North West Tonight.

 What do voters care about in Oldham  East and Saddleworth? I have been out with our trusty ballot box to  ask them.

 And beauty in the city.

 We follow  the urban photographer capturing And to the first of those stories.

  Just three days to go to the Oldham East and Saddleworth by-election  brought about by the Labour MP Phil Woolas being thrown out after being  found guilty of lying in his general election campaign.

  So has that event affected the constituency's voters and what are  the issues that concern them most? Well, this morning, I dusted down  our old election ballot box and headed off to find out direct from  It is all this dishonesty.

 It has disillusioned to be.

 Anyone who can  stoop to that level to cheat, it is wrong.

 Have you changed your fault  as a result of what happened last time? Yes, definitely.

 I am  undecided because I do not have faith in any of the candidates.

  What is the issue that concerns are you most? Dealing drugs in the  community.

 Being a student, the tuition fees is a cause for concern.

  Tuition fees.

 The rise in VAT.

 I have talked to a range of people  and counter their votes.

 One thing is very clear.

 The majority of  people here were disillusioned by what happened at the last election.

  Summer to the extent that they will not vote in this by-election as a  protest.

 Three issues came out almost level.

 Education, in  particular tuition fees.

 Health issues.

 Policing.

 The number one  issue was policing.

 People are worried about the number of police  are being cut back.

 They were rescued by a bowling club.

  Thanks to all of them.

 The big question of course is who's  going to win? On Friday, we profiled the Liberal Democrat  candidate Elwyn Watkins.

 Today our political editor Arif Ansari looks  at Labour's Debbie Abrahams.

 The Labour Party machine's driving  her forward.

 But it is the voters who will  decide whether to buy her a ticket to Westminster.

 This is a chancer  to send a message it to this Government.

  Voters seem to like her.

 It is good to see you in this part of autumn.

  But they did not like her enough in the general election.

 She took  Labour from first to third in neighbouring Colne Valley.

  This morning, another chance as Debbie Abrahams met students on the  campaign trail.

 Her style is a contrast to the macho politics  people are used to around here.

 Just because you are nice does not  mean to say that you do not stick to your principles.

  She was certainly tough five years ago.

 Debbie Abrahams has quit.

.

.

  Then she was a senior figure in the Rochdale NHS but resigned over  Labour's health reforms.

 Private providers have a very different  value system to the NHS.

 It is about making a profit.

 I believe  that help should not be looked on as a commodity.

 -- that health  should not be looked on.

 Her husband John knows something  about winning.

 He is a former Lancashire captain and indirectly  batting for his wife.

 He recognises what drives me.

 I do care  passionately about doing things that are right and standing up for  what is right.

 He has supported me in the way that I have supported  him.

 People may like her, but Debbie  Abrahams will only get to Parliament if they also think she  is worth voting for.

 Tomorrow we will be looking at the  Conservative candidate, Kashif Ali.

 In total, there are ten candidates  contesting the seat.

 Voting takes Yes, this is one of those nights  when any sport story is put into sharp perspective.

 Macclesfield  Town have announced today that their midfielder Richard Butcher  has died suddenly at the age of just 29.

 Richard, who died  overnight, joined the Silkmen in the summer.

 He also played for  Oldham Athletic.

 It was only in March last year that Macclesfield  lost manager Keith Alexander at the age of 53.

  A club spokesman said, Richard was an exemplary professional and a  thoroughly likeable young man.

 Like the club, we here at North West  Tonight offer our condolences to his wife and family.

  Elsewhere in football, a man who needs little introduction.

 Kenny  Dalglish was reintroduced to the media today as Liverpool manager  until the end of the season after Roy Hodgson's brief reign at  Anfield ended over the weekend.

 Dalglish, who unexpectedly quit in  his first spell as boss in the early 1990s, has moved quickly to  bring in back-up.

 Jose Mourhino's former assistant Steve Clarke will  work as first team coach.

 Here's Richard Askam with a look at the  Centre stage in the Anfield Spotlight after a gap of almost 20  years.

 It is as though he has never been away.

 I came back to work at a  club that myself and my family are eternally grateful for many things  about they have done for us.

 When I was asked to do it, there was no  way I would be disrespectful and stay know.

 -- and say no.

 A Ryan  Giggs penalty was enough to decide matters yesterday, but today there  was no mention of that controversy.

 The lads put in an unbelievable  effort to try to get us the result.

 We have had a positive start.

 We  just need to try to get a momentum going and turn that positivity into  victories.

 His career as a player and as a manager makes it Kenny  Dalglish at the top icon.

 His temporary appointment is the first  big decision made by the new owners.

 What about the long term? I am here  to be of help to the club.

 If it being of help to the club means  that Kenny Dalglish is not the manager, I am OK with that.

  time at Celtic do not go up to plan.

 Time will tell whether Kenny is as  sharp a manager as he was the first time at Liverpool.

 You can feel  that Kenny Dalglish's appointment has given this club a lift.

 But as  well as calculating that he is a man to lift the club up the table,  Liverpool's owners will be aware that if he does do well, there will  be a camera -- a clamour for him to be given the job permanently.

  In the fallout from Kenny's first game, Liverpool forward Ryan Babel  has been charged with improper conduct by the FA after posting  comments and images concerning referee Howard Webb on Twitter.

  Babel has already apologised for posting this fake image of Webb in  a Manchester United shirt and questioning his decision to send  off Steven Gerrard.

 Well, after that win over Liverpool,  Manchester United now face League One Southampton in the next round  of the FA Cup.

 It is a repeat of the 1976 final  which the Saints won 1-0.

 Manchester City have to try again  to reach the Fourth Round.

 They were held to a 2-2 draw by Sven  Goran Eriksson's Leicester.

 If City win next week's replay, they will  play Notts County.

 Here's our fourth round action in  full.

 There are three all Premier League clashes.

 Blackburn Rovers  travel to Aston Villa.

 There is a derby between Bolton Wanderers and  Wigan Athletic plus Everton host Chelsea.

 Elsewhere, Championship  side Burnley are at home to League Two Burton Albion.

  England fly-half Charlie Hodgson is leaving Sale Sharks at the end of  the season after 11 years at the club.

 The 30-year-old scored a  Premiership record 1,753 points while at the Sharks, but has now  signed a new three year deal with London-based Saracens.

 Sale Chief  Executive Mick Hogan says that Hodgson is one of the greatest  players ever at the club.

 Sad to see him go.

  Yes, he was terrific.

 When I went to autumn, I was nearly  When I went to autumn, I was nearly blown away and sold.

 -- Oldham.

  The sum of mixed news on the weather.

 We are losing theirs  called a year and milder air is beginning to move them.

 That will  make a big difference.

 But are there has been a lot of rain around.

  First thing this morning, that was certainly true.

 We are all seeing  this a wet weather.

 Over the next couple of hours, this will stay  with us.

 Many of us will continue to see this a round up until around  that night.

 A pretty wet end to the day.

 After midnight, things will  start to look a little bit better.

 The rain will become more patchy.

  It will start to die out.

 Not completely.

 Temperatures, 7 and 8  through the day today.

 Through the night tonight, four and five of.

  First thing tomorrow morning, fairly disappointing initially.

  Quite cloudy with drizzly rain it still around.

 As we head through  the morning, the rain should have gone and the cloud will start to  break-up.

 By lunchtime, it will look much better.

 Brighter skies  coming into the Isle of Man and then to the Cumbria coast.

 A marked  improvement from morning until after then.

 We have a north-  westerly breeze, not terribly strong.

 Temperature will drop by  about one degree.

 Tomorrow night, another area of rain works his way  through.

 The next few days, it will be wet but mild.

 Back to you.

  11 degrees, that is all right? -- that is all right!  Now, for the past 12 months we have been bringing you wildlife stories  from throughout the northwest and, in the process, visiting some of  the region's best beauty spots.

 But one Salford photographer is on a  mission to get us to look around our cities.

 We joined him for the  People do not associate nature with the or them and environment.

 The  weight in the morning and they want to see some nature and the goal in  their car when all they have to do their car when all they have to do  is walk down the street.

 Salford is 60 % green space.

 We are standing  in a country park at the moment.

 There is a diverse array of  wildlife right in front of me.

 The most important way to capture the  photograph is to become part of the landscape.

 Look at things from  their eye-level.

 Salford and Greater Manchester have this great  the source of our urban wildlife.

 It is right on people's doorstep.

 -  - great at the source of our urban wildlife.

 It is a great place to  see wildlife.

 A few moments ago, I saw a kingfisher leaving its perch.

  In the City, people look at eye- level.

 But they should look up and  look down.

 Get out of the house and That is beautiful.

  Now we know that you are competitive in all sporting matters  so, of course, you were keen to include a shot of your expert  bowling in Oldham in the piece bowling in Oldham in the piece  earlier.

 But we are nothing if not honest here at North West Tonight,  so we thought, in the interests of openness, we ought to show you this.

  This is the first shot.



 Welcome to South East Today,  tonight's top stories: Left for eight hours on a ward with two dead  bodies, the family of a man traumatised by his time at a Kent  Hospital who demand answers.

 I sat there that entire day in that  little room with my sick dad and two dead bodies.

 We will be lit at  the Darent Valley Hospital with the latest.

  It is contemptible, -- we will be laid at the hospital.

 No work done  at the school with the biggest repair bill in Kent.

  Also tonight, Winnie the Pooh would approve, how a small Sussex gift  shop took on the might of Disney and won the right to use a logo of  the little bear.

 The 11-year-old who has turned down  presents every year in favour of donating money to his favourite  charities.

 And kung fu is alive and kicking in  Sussex, we meet the man inspired by the movie greats to become a top  Good evening.

 A hospital has apologised to a family from  Gravesend whose father was left in a ward for eight hours next to two  dead patients.

 Fred Corbett was taking -- taken to Darent Valley  Hospital six weeks ago, his daughter says his father -- her  father's experiences have left him suicidal.

 Ian Palmer reports.

  Alongside this woman's father in hospital lake two dead bodies.

 It  was a very traumatic day for everybody.

 I sat there that entire  day with my sick dad in that room and two dead bodies.

 I never forget  it.

 Just a curtain in between them.

 About two hours after the first one  went, the wife came in to sit with him and you could hear her sobbing.

  71-year-old Fred Corbett was taken to Darent Valley Hospital in  December.

 He had a urinary infection.

 His daughter said the  past few weeks have broken his spirit.

 He is very low, he has been  suicidal at times.

 At one stage I was there overnight on Sunday and  they had -- he had written help me on his leg.

 He said if he had a gun  he would shoot himself, it is very, very depressing.

 Managers at the  hospital apologised for the distress caused.

 We do have a  policy, our policy which acknowledges people need to be with  their loved ones when they have died.

 To move then swiftly can be  upsetting for the Pamela but we also acknowledge that families who  are in the Bay or for patients, that is distressing and we will try  to move them to a private area.

 Critics say closures elsewhere have  led to extra patients being brought to Darent Valley Hospital.

 You have  got a hospital under pressure, it has additional patients from  another hospital which has just closed from up the road, it has got  pressures on resources.

 It seems that the hospital were trying to  balance the needs of the families of the deceased and with the needs  of those patients in that same ward, and it appears they got that  balance wrong.

 Debbie Pope agrees.

 She does wants her father to get  better and come home.

 You rely on these staff to look after your  family when they are in there and when you know that they are not  getting the care that they have paid for, that they deserve, it is  frightening.

 That was Ian Palmer reporting, he  is outside Darent Valley Hospital now.

 What reason have the hospital  given for not moving the patient's bodies into the private room?  the patients' bodies.

 Star on the ward were trying to keep all  parties happy and accommodate them on what was a very difficult time.

  On the one hand you have families who want to grieve and say goodbye  to their loved ones but on the other side, you have families  wanting to spend time with each other.

 Normally, the dead body  would be taken to a private room so grieving can continue.

 But on this  occasion, that was not possible and as we have seen, from Derby Pope,  it has left the emotional family traumatised and scarred.

 -- Debbie  Pope.

 She believes that her pupils are  being treated with contempt, that is the view of the headteacher of a  secondary school in Kent which needs more than £1.

5 million worth  of repairs.

 The highest estimated bill in the county.

 Brockhill Park  Performing Arts College was due to be refurbished later this year but  the scheme was cancelled and that Government spending cuts.

 -- under  Government spending cuts.

 If classes continue as normal at  Brockhill Park Performing Arts College, despite the leaking roofs.

  The school needs £1.

7 million worth of repairs, the highest in Kent.

  What saddens me is that in the 21st century, in England, students are  taught in circumstances that are simply not appropriate and not fit  for purpose.

 I feel as though sometimes my students are treated  with contempt.

 This school was one of hundreds across England do to  get the revamp under the building schools for future programme, but  now that has been scrapped by the coalition government, they are  having to cope with what they have got.

  Kent County Council says the most urgent repairs at the school will  cost £164,000, including £75,000 for rooves, £57,000 for one  equipment, and £19,000 for external doors and windows.

 This route of  this building continuously leaks and.

.

.

 And as well as the leaks in  ceilings, there are problems with subsidence and crumbling Airways.

  We have patched these areas as best we can but they do not meet the  requirements.

 The pupils at the school have even set up a petition.

  We get such a good education here, it is such a shame that we have to  work in these buildings.

 We have some lessons when it there is water  dripping through the ceiling.

 look at some all the buildings and  you feel like sighing, we needed something to brighten up our day.

  The council says they will work with the school to improve the  worst of the problems.

 I am confident that if the school talk  to us, we will obviously macro do what have we can to ensure that the  children are safe and warm and dry.

 This building is moving, although  it is structurally sound.

 But for now, teachers and pupils here will  In a moment - the painting that reveals Folkestone's forgotten past,  how Belgian's escaped Kent during A 35-year-old man has been found  guilty of murdering a man more than seven years ago in Gravesend.

 Bobby  Kalon died after being stabbed and slashed 33 times during a fight on  a summer's evening in 2003.

 Baljinder Singh Kooner who fled the  country after the killing has been jailed for 12 years for his part in  the attack.

 Our reporter is outside the Old Bailey.

 What did the judge  say? That Bobby Kalon was the victim of a vicious attack, one in  which no Mercy was shown and in which he stood no chance of  surviving.

 The guilty face a combined sentence of 25 years.

 The  family face a lifetime of grief.

 It was here on the promenade in  Gravesend at a fight broke out on July in 2003.

 A fight that ended in  the death of Bobby Kalon and a family left grieving.

 I know I  cannot bring him back.

 When I want to.

 I want to see justice done.

  during the trial, witnesses described how Baljinder Singh  Kooner held Bobby Kalon down, while a second man stabbed and slashed at  him.

 Mr: -- Bobby Kalon died in 2003, two suspects were identified  Baljinder Singh Kooner was detained in France over a year ago, his  trial last summer was stopped because he fell ill.

 It was  particularly nasty, committed in broad daylight on Gravesend  promenade with a lot of people witnessing it in distress.

 One held  the victim down and the other stabbed him about 30 times and his  throat was cut and it was premeditated so it was a  particularly nasty murder.

 victim was left dying in front of  shocked onlookers.

 Nearly one decade on, his killers have been  brought to justice.

 In a statement, Kent Police say  that their thoughts remain with the family at this obviously macro very  difficult time.

 They obviously hope that the verdict will bring it  closer to the events going on for 28-year-old man has died after a  BMW carrying four men collided with a tree in Brighton.

 It happened on  Grand Parade near the Ocean Rooms this morning.

 Two other passengers  were taken to the will Sussex County Hospital for treatment, a  40-year-old local man is in custody after being suspect -- arrested on  suspicion of dangerous driving or stop a new railway station to serve  Manston airport could be built after the council put in a bid  today for £10 million to the regional growth fund.

  The council want to see it linked to the Ashford Ramsden line.

  Plans to expand quarrying in parts of Surrey will have to wait for  part of a government inspectors' inquiries.

 Yesterday was the final  day of the hearing which will see more than one million tonnes of  gravel and sand being extracted.

 Residents are worried about a sharp  increase in HGV traffic.

 The owner of a small shop in a  village in Sussex has won an agreement from the Disney  Corporation to allow him to use Winnie the Pooh on his shop's logo.

  Pooh Corner in Hartfield near East Grinstead took on the American  giant when they feared the shop sign would have to lose the image  A simple hello would do? He may be just a silly old bear, but he has  been causing a stir in the courtroom.

 When the owner of Pooh  Corner wanted to register his signed as a trademark.

 Disney said  no.

 But they did say they did not mind the tea room using up.

 To have  what Disney's acquiescence and me being able to continue to use it  and pass it on to whoever follows may, I find it very satisfying.

  the 1960s, Walt Disney bought Winnie-the-Pooh, turning the bear  with a little break into a highly successful franchise.

 But Pooh came  from humble beginnings in the Ashdown Forest and for the last 37  years, the small gift shop and tea room in Hartford -- Hadfield has  been using the drawing on their tea-towels.

  The but this is about keeping the iconic image of Pooh in the heart  of Pooh land.

 And for those tucking into their cream teas after a hard  day of Pooh Dicks, having the image in the village is important.

 --  Pooh sticks.

 I always enjoyed reading the books with my daughter.

  The dispatch of the tradition.

 It is much like Buckingham Palace --  it is much like a tradition.

 Winnie the Pooh is very much a part of  English culture.

 If you take the logo away then Pooh Corner has gone  away.

 It is part of the logo.

 with a bald Disney's consent,  whatever happens to then, Pooh and friends will always have a place at  Pooh Corner -- with Walt Disney's A hospital has apologise to a  family from Gravesend whose family was left in a ward for eight hours  next to to a dead patient.

 Fred Corbett was taken to the hospital  six weeks ago and his daughter says that he is has been left suicidal.

  Passing up his presents to donate money to charity, we meet the 11-  year-old who's refused gifts for seven years in a row.

 And kung fu  fighting.

 How one man found enlightenment on the Sussex coast  and became a top teacher of the Almost a century ago more than  60,000 refugees arrived in Folkestone after fleeing the German  invasion of Belgium.

 As a thank you, a Belgian artist in 1916 presented  a painting to the town depicting the historic scenes.

 Now members of  the public can view the canvas as it undergoes a restoration  programme.

 It was the start of the Great War,  at the beach they came, carrying all they -- all of what they owned.

  This is the landing of the Belgian refugees.

  We are going to reinforce the edges of the painting because the canvas  is thin and is not strong enough to hold the weight of the painting, it  does need a bit of work on it and that is why it is sagging.

 That is  the main part of it and then after that we will be claiming the  painting.

 The World War One began in the summer of 1914.

 In August,  Germany invaded Belgium and 64,000 refugees arrived in Folkestone.

 The  actors of the work was one of them along with his wife and son.

 -- the  artist.

 He painted the work as a thinker, it run -- it represents a  real people.

 This person is Dr Carlisle.

 They had Stephen Pinfold  there, he is shown their speaking to Belgians.

 He actually stayed  there during the first war and committed to the battlefront in  France.

 -- commuted.

 It will take 10 weeks and cost £10,000 to  restore the painting.

 It is being funded by the European Regional  Development Fund and the process will be open to the public and  schools.

 After looking at the work, the students had a meeting with the  restoration staff.

 It was painted very well, when I saw the picture,  I saw that I cannot do that but I cannot take some people alike.

  artist must have been very talented.

 The painting had hung in the local  library but the conditions were not right.

 When the conditions are  right, it will be a hung in the grand, in the bedroom that the King  Now what do most 11-year-olds want for their birthdays? An Xbox or  Nintendo DS? The latest mobile phone? New trainers? One 11-year-  old from Sussex has just celebrated his birthday and asked for nothing.

  This year, like every year since he was four, Charlie Docherty, who  lives in Crawley, has asked that his friends give the money they  would have spent on him to charity.

 In a moment, we'll be talking to  Charlie and his mum, but first Subtitles unavailable for 1 minutes  Charlie is here with his mother,  and we were just talking about it in the Office earlier, and we were  saying, how do you know when your four years old that raising money  for charity is a good thing? Yd you decide to do it? The tsunami, in  2004 when I was four years old, it just struck me how we have so much  and all their homes were knocked down by the water and they did not  have anything and I thought there must be some way in which I can  help.

 That is when you said, I do not want presents? Yes, and for my  4th birthday party, I us that money was given to lot of charity.

 A main  sherry party now is Mary's meals.

 - - charity.

 You have raced -- you  have raised £15,000 in the last four years? Are yes, I have done  that.

 In the past four years.

 I could not have done that with the  support -- without the support of my friends and family.

 Are all of  your children like him? I have two other children, they have done  their bit for charity, but they father Charlie is unique.

 It is off  his own back, is not just the birthday presents, he is looking  for other ways for -- to raise funds for charity.

 He is dragging  you into it, as well? Yes, he is.

 What is the next thing that you  were doing? I do lots of things go on Sunday, I have got a party and  that is how I am going to get her - - most of the money.

 There is the  biggest fund raiser that I do throughout the year.

 I also do car-  boot sales, car washing, vegetable sales,.

 If there is a school in  Malawi that you are raising money for, you want to raise six and a  half £1,000 this year? -- £6,500.

 1000 people donating to Mary's  males.

 In the summer, we also are planning a half or walk and a half  cycle.

 Judy, you were doing that now? I'm struggling.

 Let us to the  many mile first.

 We are looking for a team of 26, we have got 10 people,  we are looking for another 16.

 If we get through that, I will do more  training.

 Please look up Charlie Docherty.

 We will put a link-up.

  Football and League One leaders Brighton face one of their toughest  games of the season tomorrow when they visit fourth-place Bournemouth.

  The Albion have won their last four league and cup games scoring 13  goals, but Bournemouth have the best home record in the division.

  Brighton manager Gus Poyet admits he's delighted by the club's  progress so far this season.

 Being totally honest, we were  confident that the team would do well, we were confident of plenty  of things during the summer, but it was quite crazy to think that we  would be in the situation, it is amazing.

  Charlton's new manager, Chris Powell, will be hoping for his  first victory since rejoining the Addicks.

 Charlton, who are  currently seventh, take on Plymouth at The Valley just one place and  one point off the promotion places, but they haven't won in the league  since last November.

 In League Two, Gillingham will be  hoping for their eighth win in nine games at Torquay.

 Cody MacDonald  who scored last week's winner will be looking to add to his 12 goals  this season and manager Andy Hessenthaler says morale could  hardly be better.

 Even when it was rough, I was still doing the job,  the chairman brought me to do the job, we have not done anything yet,  we have turned a corner, things are a lot more positive and we want to  try and achieve something this season.

 Long may this continue.

  As a boy, he was inspired by watching Kung Fu films with stars  such as Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee.

 Now Tom Braithwaite from Hove is  one of the west's leading experts in the ancient martial art and has  even been invited to judge a major tournament in China.

 No westerner  before has ever been allowed to do this, as Juliette Parkin reports.

  Moves that have developed over the centuries, evolving in China and  now practised in Sussex.

 These students are learning their skills  from a highly respected teacher.

 Tom Braithwaite has spent years  studying kung fu, even spending 10 hours a day training with a grand  master in Hong Kong.

 Achieving global recognition for his skills,  Tom was invited to judge the World Dragon Championships, one of the  most prestigious competitions in China.

  First, I think there was a bit of resistance from the people in China,  people were hesitant to think, he is a Westerner, he will not  understand what Chinese kung fu is beyond just a series of movements,  but I think after a bit of time, what I was able to do, and how I  was able to understand it, I was able to get across.

 The first time  I saw kung fu was on a movie when I was very small and a remember being  bowled over by it, thinking it was the most exciting thing I have ever  seen, I knew it was something that I wanted to do and get involved in.

  The fighting side of kung fu is just one element.

 The series of  movements are also designed to build up fitness and enhance both  physical and mental strength.

 It can literally mean human  achievement.

 Some of Tom's students from Sussex travelled to China with  him and took part in the competition.

 They're part of the  Dragon Martial Arts Association which Tom set up to pass on his  skills.

 For them such an historic competition was daunting.

  I was the only white girl in the whole place, that was funny,  everybody looks after year -- you, even something that everyone should  try out at least once.

 Tom has won medals across the globe for his  kung fu skills.

 For him it's not about aggression but performance,  which, like any art form, has to be perfected.

  It must be terrifying doing that in front of the Chinese.

  Proper audiences.

 I will tell you what, the weather.

  I went out for a run this morning ended slated on me -- and there was  sleet.

 That was just a blip.

 Some colder  This an area, the set-up at the moment will become as familiar as  morning rush-hour, because we have just got this scenario, with the  high pressure to the west of Ireland, many we have got the flow  coming from the North Sea, bringing a lot of cloud, temperatures below  average because of that, it is the moisture of the cardboard, and the  occasional showers Mac.

 We will see some more cloud and occasional  showers.

 No heavy have prolonged the rain, just because the pressure  is so high up and no great -- great big piles of snow.

 With the  pressure being so high at the moment, you may want to say your  barometer, it is steady at 1309.

 This is what we would get used to,  more of the cloud, from the North Sea, if you are near Cairns or near  the North Sea, -- Kent.

 There are nasty showers.

 A few showers were  spread later tonight.

 The West has the clear skies, freezing in places,  there will be a bit of frost to wake up to tomorrow.

 A few showers  tomorrow, the cloud could thin in places to bring a few bright  fabrics, temperatures five or six degrees, below average, Sunday will  be some other.

 Get used to the cloud, occasional showers, at least  we are not getting huge piles of Number Ten's director of  communications has quit after the row of the fine acting by News of  the World intent devise.

 The editor of the newspaper denies any  involvement but says the

 now, our next round up is is at  Good evening and welcome to BBC Look North.

 The headlines tonight:  our dogs being trained to fight I attacking trees in our parks?  not like the thought that people are eating animals that could  attack our dogs.

 40 years after the cod wars, fears  that another dispute over fish quotas could put thousands of jobs  under threat.

 We are concerned about it because it involves  Iceland.

 They are the biggest suppliers in Grimsby.

  We hear why these Lincolnshire potholes may never get repaired.

  Down the aisles down the years, the exhibition looking at bridal wear  over the last 100 years.

 Do nowt forget to join me for the week  ahead forecast in 15 minutes.

 It is feared that some dog-owners in  Grimsby are using trees in a public park are being used to train dogs.

  It is thought that animals are being baited it to attack them up  to make the dogs more aggressive.

 Local police say it is a worrying  trend.

 You may find some of their images in this report distressing.

  Disturbing scenes like this it is thought had almost been eradicated.

  There are concerns illegal dog fighting is increasing.

 In this  park, it is thought dogs are being trained to fight by attacking trees.

  A practice that is said to make them more aggressive.

 One resident  told me how a number of trees have been damaged and smaller ones have  been killed.

 It looks like one of these fighting dogs has been pitted  against the tree.

 They have gone right around the stem.

 This a Bach  is completely ringed and victory will die.

 This is the dog police  think may have been involved.

 Last week two men were seen in the Park  With Dogs similar to these, encouraging them to attack a  smaller trees.

 Of course some docs have now been banned in Britain,  the Staffordshire bull terrier is still illegal breed.

 There are  concerns that the dog seen here last week were being trained to  fight.

 It seems they have a vicious bite.

 According to the Blue Cross  Animal Hospital, fighting dogs are on their increase and they are  calling for their dangerous Dogs Act to be overhauled.

 A police in  instigation has been launched in Grimsby.

 You can see the scratches  and the poll Prince.

 It looks like it has been attacked by an animal  of some kind.

 People who use the park to walk their dogs see it has  raised issues of safety.

 I do not like the thought that people are  eating animals that could attack our dogs.

 The damage is atrocious.

  Similar acts of vandalism have been reported in parks in London.

 A  disturbing trend that could be moving north.

  In a moment: looking back on his time in Lincolnshire, I will be  talking to the retiring bishop about his time.

  More than 100 people turned out for the funeral of Hull mum Zoe Ward.

  She died of cancer earlier this month at the age of 33.

 She had  been praised for her charity work, despite being terminally ill.

  Mourners were asked to wear something pink to the funeral.

  The threat of compulsory redundancy for over 100 workers at a food  production site in Bourne has been lifted.

 Bakkavor had wanted to cut  170 posts but that has now been reduced to 35.

  A reward is being offered for information about a Lincolnshire  man who has been on the run for more than 25 years.

 Robert  Stapleton is wanted for suspected fraud of more than £5 million.

 He  went missing after the collapse of his business in 1983.

  Around 8,000 jobs on both sides of the Humber rely on it, and it is  traditionally one of our most important industries.

 Tonight there  are worries that an EU ban on Icelandic trawlers landing mackerel  could mark the start of a disaster for fish processors in Grimsby and  Hull.

 Iceland is the main fish importer into the Humber and there  are concerns about the damage caused to this valuable trading  link.

 There is not a mackerel to be seen at this market, but that does  not mean they are not worried about the row.

 At least 70 % of the fish  you can see here comes from Iceland.

 It is a big part of original  economy, supporting many thousands of jobs.

 Iceland are the biggest  suppliers to this fish market in Grimsby and the only supplier in  Hull.

 It could have an effect on the whole business.

 It could so --  stop the supply into the whole of the UK.

 The EU banned Iceland from  landing mackerel into the UK after it ignored quotas and upped the  quarter up eight fold.

 All other Icelandic fish are currently  allowed into the UK, but there are some who believe any trade ban is  unjustified and dangerous.

 Total disaster.

 If you blockade Iceland  from landing fish into the UK, you will close Grimsby and Hull and  could close potentially 10,000 jobs.

 The ban on Icelandic mackerel  import is being described as just the first step in a number of  possible sanctions.

 It is that kind of strong rhetoric which is going  to cause nervousness on boast -- both banks of the Humber.

 It is a  row which has echoes of their cod wars of the 1950s and 1970s.

 Naval  vessels and trawlers clashed over fishing.

 In Grimsby, they want the  current tensions sorting out before the escalate.

 I think it is down to  the EU and sensible negotiations.

 I would hope the UK fisheries  minister does take a lead in this.

 70 % of their UK fish, much of it  Icelandic, is processed in the Humber region.

 EU sanctions could  get tougher.

 That is something Humber ports cannot afford to  happen.

 I am now joined by Andrew Charles,  a fish processor in Scotland.

 We saw you calling this a total  disaster.

 Are you scaremongering? Absolutely not.

 This ban is real.

  It would be an absolute disaster too many of the Scottish fish  Prosser -- processors and in your area if any ban or a bad feeling is  Putin between fish processors and Our Icelandic partners.

 How bad is  it for Hull and Grimsby? It would be disastrous for them because they  rely on Icelandic fish.

 Up in Scotland, because of the disastrous  Common Fisheries Policy, many Scottish fish processors rely very  heavily on a good working relationship with Icelandic  partners.

 It is about conservation, something has to be done are at  Iceland will keep increasing the amount officially take? I wish it  was to do with conservation, but I think it is about restricting the  market and keeping prices high.

 If it was about conservation, why did  our politicians and the Scottish fishermen refused to go to the  Icelandic conference? Iceland had a very clear strategy on how they  would.

.

.

 How much mackerel they would take out.

 They believe there  is a lot more mackerel in the sea than European scientists believe.

 A  Baker complained about the fishing industry is that Europe get its  science very wrong about industry.

 They often work on old science and  it is a price that the pay.

 could talk about this for a long  time.

 Your message to ministers tonight? My message to the EU  ministers is they have got to sit down with Iceland and respect them  as an independent fishery.

 They have got to allow Iceland to get on  with what they do.

 They are one of the most highly respected fisheries  in the world.

 Thank you.

 Give us your thoughts on this issue.

  What you think of the ban? Maybe you think the ban is a good thing.

  The EU says it is to ensure that mackerel is not over fresh and they  have said, as we heard there, that this is possible first of a number  Lincolnshire County Council has admitted it will never catch up  with a mental rolled repairs it needs to do.

 It comes as new  figures show that annual road repair budget is around £45 million,  with a backlog costing £300 million.

 On Friday, three cars were stranded  in Metheringham near Lincoln after a pothole damaged their wheels.

  Local garages say they are seeing an increase in the number of  customers with pothole damage.

 last couple of weeks, 15 or 20  different jobs.

 We're getting vehicles turning up with wheel  balance problems and broken creels.

 Their evidence is there.

 A big  response after the problem on Friday.

 Here are some of the  We went to see for ourselves today.

 This is what we found.

 Richard  Farley also said that nobody would question the need for a good fit  pass, but when roads are such a dreadful condition not repairing  them is scandalous.

 I put this to Alan Aistrup earlier today, asking  him why they are fixing pavements but not roads.

 I can understand why  people feel that, but it is coming from a different pot of money.

  that frustrating? I can see why it would be for people, but the new  phut -- fit ways will be a benefit for people in Gainsborough.

 Their  annual budget is £46.

5 million.

 There is meant to be a backlog of  £300 million of repairs.

 That is not possible to catch up with.

  would never catch up with it, so it is a question of balancing  priorities.

 You'll never catch up? No.

 Will you compensate drivers  whose cars are damaged by a report will? Not normally.

 Potholes can  appear overnight.

 It is a case of whether we could be reasonably  expected to know about one which has appeared over 9,000 kilometres  of road.

 If it has been there for a while, I put my car in it and pick  up a big bill, we pick this up? cannot answer this question.

 It  would depend on an individual case.

 Is it worth trying with the  council? If people report pot holes, particularly if they had damaged a  vehicle in it, I would ask them to reported so we can get it repaired.

  Will there always be pot holes? There will always be pot holes in  every county across the country.

 Keep the messages coming in on this  subject.

 What you think to be claimed that there will always be  pot holes? We will just have to live with them.

  Monday night here on BBC One.

 Thank you for watching.

  Still ahead tonight: is the clock ticking for the grounds of their  manager after an embarrassing defeat?  Wedding dresses over the last 100 Tonight's picture was taken by  Alfred Button.

 It is of the South Shore at Bridlington.

  We got an e-mail saying, please could you move Scunthorpe's dot on  the weather map? It looks like it is in the River Trent.

 I will work  It is going to be a quiet week.

 That is something to work -- to  look forward to.

 We could have a touch of frost at night, but not  the severe frost we had a few weeks back.

 Most of us should have a dry  week.

 And there will be subtle differences, depending where you  live.

 On Wednesday, there could be the odd spot of rain along the  coast.

 Other than that, it is a dry prospect.

 There is quite a bit of  cloud pushing in from the West tonight.

 It pulls away to the  south-east, allowing a touch of frost, especially across East  Yorkshire.

 There could be a bit of Mr and patchy fog first thing -- a  bit of mist and patchy fog.

 The top afternoon temperatures across the  Stuart Show will be around six or seven Celsius.

 Similar values  See you tomorrow.

 The Bishop of Lincoln has told the  BBC it is time a female bishop was allowed to take on the role.

 The  Right Reverend John Saxby was speaking ahead of his retirement  ceremony at Lincoln Cathedral this weekend.

 I went to meet him at  Bishop's House in the city.

 He said he was warned to expect a difficult  time when he first took up the job nine years ago.

 My first  impressions were created by the people who wrote to me wishing me  well.

 They used words like flat, called and poisoned chalice.

 Very  quickly, I was bowled over by the people - this year hospitality,  welcome, openness of people in Lincolnshire is something I had  never quite experienced the same way before.

 The initial prejudices  I had were overtaken by being in here experiencing the place.

 I  think it is a place that has a great deal to be proud of.

  You have done some quite unusual things, like a blessing the  gritters every year, for example.

 Have you chosen to be deliberately  different? That is a very difficult question.

 I think I have acted in  character.

 I do not think I would have been able to do some of those  things that I was acting out of character and playing up.

 I would  like to think that people felt able to ask me to do it because they  felt I would do it.

 It is it -- is a difficult to leave your job  without having a replacement? In many jobs you can have a  handover between you and you're a successor.

 It is not so with  bishops.

 It is increasingly ought to be sitting in the House of  Bishops peopled by men, spending our lives talking about issues  which affect women as much as everybody else.

 That cannot go on  being tolerated.

 It is very good to talk to you.

 I  wish you well.

 Are you looking forward to retirement? Mixed  feelings.

 Part of me is going to regret it enormously -- regret  enormously what I am leaving behind.

 The diocese of Lincoln has not  always been that good news story, now it is.

 I think I am leaving a  diocese in good hands and in good heart.

  We wish him all the best.

 The niece of a writer from Hull has  travelled to Italy to try to unravel the mystery of his  disappearance.

 Dan Billany failed to walk -- return home after the  Second World War.

 Although he escaped from a prison camp, he  vanished without trace as he tried to walk to safety.

 We think that he  died of exposure in these mountains here.

  It is a hard thought to contemplate, is it not? Yes.

 Dan's father had a  vision of him in these mountains, or wandering around, lost, still  trying to make his way back.

 We can see Jodie's personal  Germaine on Inside Out tonight at 7:30pm.

  Grimsby Town chairman has demanded an immediate improvement in the  next to my games.

 This has put further pressure on Neil Woods  after they lost 2-1 to Chasetown, three black divisions below them.

  One Grimsby fans said to me today it was the worst result in their  history.

 I am not sure about that but it is inconsistent lead --  League format has put Neil Woods in the spotlight.

 The humiliation of  defeat at Chasetown at the weekend certainly has not helped the cause  of Neil Woods.

 As the players returned to training today after  their embarrassing FA Trophy exit, manager Neil Woods was lost in his  thoughts.

 As statement from the chairman has ramped up the pressure  chairman has ramped up the pressure That is how quickly things can  change.

 We believe in the quality change.

 We believe in the quality  of players here.

 We have to get them playing to the level that they  can.

 Eight months ago, Grimsby fans were  laid it -- reeling after relegation from the Football League.

 They are  currently only 9th in the conference.

 Has the manager  retained the faith of supporters? It seems all fall to just get rid  of him after a couple of poor results.

 I think he should be given  a little longer.

 From the fans'' perspective, I think we have given  him sufficient time to prove himself.

  We all have to be big enough and deal with the situation, and get  back to playing the football we are capable of playing.

  Town could still mount a promotion challenge.

 But Neil Woods and the  players have been told that they need to start winning again soon.

  It was not just Grimsby, was it? Scunthorpe had a bad weekend.

  Yes, it was a heavy defeat for them against Leeds.

 They are second from  the bottom of the championship.

 Here is Adam with the goals and  action from the rest of the weekend's games.

  Scunthorpe United are just four points from safety at the bottom of  the charm much -- bottom of the championship.

 It was their ninth  defeat in the last ten games.

 Hull city overcame Barnsley, who  ended the game with nine men.

 Their captain was the first to see red  after conceding a controversial penalty.

 A 2-0 victory that leaves  the Tigers just six points from the play-off places.

 A great result.

 I  thought we did well.

 We're going to get promotion of.

 I am quite  optimistic.

 I do not think we're good enough to get to the play-offs.

  They are doing OK.

 Lincoln city, bottom of League 2  after a 2-1 home defeat to Wycombe.

 Two goals ruined Lincoln's  afternoon.

 They face a difficult trip to Stockport on Saturday.

  Scunthorpe fans can come back out now.

 There will be more action on  Late Kick Off tonight.

 They will be examining Scunthorpe United's  plight.

 That is all the sport for now.

  Thank you.

 As the countdown begins to the  royal wedding of the decade, the display of -- at display of wedding  fashions through the ages has started in Lincolnshire.

 It shows  how bridal wear has changed through the ages.

  A gown fit for a princess - in 1947 women from across the country sent  the Queen their ration tickets so she could buy the material for this  dress.

 Not all wartime brides were so lucky.

  This is a 1940s utility dress, which would be warm by war brides.

  Afterwards they would use it again for Proms and balls and dances.

  These guns are on display along with those loaned by ladies of  Barton.

 We went on the ferry to Hull.

 When  we came back they had left a wedding dress on the ferry.

 We had  to run all the way back up to get the wedding dress.

 Luckily it was  still there.

 Brian and Muriel saved £14 for this  dress, two weeks wages in 1958.

 What is their secret to a happy  married? Doing as you're told! A we just  work together, do we not, dear? have our ups and downs like  everyone else.

 From lavish head-dresses to a 150-  year-old pair of slippers, the exhibition is enough to get anyone  in the mid-, if you are not already thinking about weddings enough!  Finally, I Grimsby teenager who competed in the national finals of  a talent contest over the weekend has been told that she is vocally  very strong.

 Lauren Smith performed this number at the O2 Arena in  London on Saturday night.

 She did not win but was told by the judges  she had a great voice and an infectious smile.

 Well done to her.

  Let us have a recap of the main national and regional headlines.

  More competition in the NHS - the Prime Minister says the commission  says -- has a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to improve their health  service.

 It is feared that dog owners in  Grimsby are using trees to train their dogs to fight.

 Several trees  in People's Park have been damaged in recent weeks.

  A dry and bright before Tuesday with patchy cloud and sunny spells.

  Top temperature of six Celsius.

 We have had some messages on the  future of the fishing industry.

 One viewer says, I have worked in the  fishing industry for 25 years and it is getting worse.

  Peter is in Grimsby.

 He says, the Common Fisheries Policy has been a  disaster.

 The fishing industry will be in trouble until we leave the EU.

  Another viewer says that there are virtually no should fit -- no fish  left in the North Sea, technology has seen to that.

  Louise says, I think they should be

 Acrimony and threats of legal  action within the coalition government on whether or not to  change the voting system.

 The rift over the Alternative Vote  referendum for Westminster turns ugly.

 It's going to be a lot more  difficult if you don't have the same respect for colleagues,  because, frankly, they have departed so far from the  foundations of truth in an election campaign.

  Also on tonight's programme: Claims tonight that the SAS is  facing major recruitment problems because soldiers are too  overstretched to apply.

 And on Easter Sunday the Pope calls  And on Easter Sunday the Pope calls  Good evening.

 The energy secretary,  Chris Huhne has threatened legal action over what he's described as  "untruths" made by coalition colleagues about the campaign to  change the voting system at Westminster.

 Mr Huhne acrossed  senior Conservatives of making false claims about the costs of  introducing the Alternative Vote.

 Today the Foreign Secretary,  William Hague, insisted the coalition was working well, despite  feelings running high.

 What happens when those who have  governed together campaign apart? The Lib Dems want you to say yes to  change it's way we elect MPs.

 The Conservatives want you to say no.

  But could that disagreement tear them apart?  How are we going to get the populists to really take us  seriously? Can you not have just a slight argument with Mr Cameron?  Just a little slight one.

 Days ago Liberal Democrats were egging Nick  Clegg on.

 A newspaper interview today appears to show he paid  attention.

 He said the no campaign was based on misinformation and  deceit and he hoped it would be the death rattle of a right-wing elite.

  The "no" campaign's disputed claim, what that changing the system would  cost more, has even led one Liberal Democrat Cabinet minister to  threaten legal action and refuse to rule out resigning.

 I can tell you  it is going to be a lot more difficult if you don't have the  same respect for colleagues because, frankly, they have departed so far  from the foundations of truth in an election campaign.

 At the moment,  you elect your MP by putting one cross against the name of your  favourite candidate and the one with the most votes wins.

 Under the  Alternative Vote, you would rank candidates in order of preference.

  If one candidate gets more than half the votes they're elected.

 But  if not, the candidate of the fewest vote is kicked out and their second  preferences are distributed.

 That goes on until someone gets over  half the votes or no more votes can be given out.

 How do you react? The  campaign against changing it is separate, too, but support by the  Conservatives.

 The Foreign Secretary, played down the spat.

  These things do get bandied about in a rf rev campaign.

 Feelings run  high and people get excited.

 -- in a referendum campaign.

 The  important thing for people to know is that the coalition is working  together and continues to work well.

 A Number Ten source says the  referendum will not split the coalition but even though political  campaigning can often be rough, fractures can take time to fix.

  Live to Laura at Westminster.

 Accusations flying around all over  the place today, lawyeria.

 How serious are the Liberal Democrats  about all this? Well, Clive I don't remember a day when some Cabinet  ministers have publicly, more or less, been accusing other Cabinet  ministers of being less than straight with the facts.

 But this  is not business as usual.

 It is the first time the two parties who have  been shackled together for a year or so, who have been fighting each  other on local councils elections, the votes on how we choose our MPs  and also elections in Scotland and Wales and one of the biggest things  the Lib Dems have been afraid of is they have somehow been gobbleed up  by their bigger coalition partners.

 A lot of the noise is an attempt to  show to their core supporters and Labour voters, too, that they are  still their own party, they can still speak for themselves and that  they aren't afraid to stand up to Conservatives over whatever issues  are troubling at the time.

 Now there is some genuine anger, too,  in Lib Dem circles about how the "no" campaign has been progressing  but this strategic feuding, if you like, may not go down very well  with some Conservatives, who already believe that the Liberal  Democrats have got more than their fair share of the bargain.

  Many thanks.

 Now there are claims tonight that  the SAS is facing major recruitment problems because ordinary soldiers  are too overstretched to apply to the Reg im.

 The Daily Telegraph  says it has obtained a letter highlighting the problem, written  by a senior member of the Army.

 With me is our defence  correspondent Jonathan Beale.

 What more do we know? This is a letter  from one senior Army officer to another about Britain's small elite  band, world-renowned band of special forces soldiers under the  banner, Special Forces Recruitment Challenges it.

 Says "The high  operational tempo of the armed forces and unrelenting demands in  Afghanistan are combining to mitigate against special forces  recruitment.

" We understand the SAS is already understrength, in part  because some have been wounded and others may have gone to the private  sector for more lucrative jobs but this is about the future.

 Only one-  third of the courses to select those SAS soldiers have been filled  over the next few years.

 And I think the bigger concern here is  there are cuts in the Army, announced by the Government in  November, which means essentially it goes from a strength of 100,000  to losing 7,000 personnel.

 So in other words, there will be a  smaller pool from which to recruit.

 It ends, this letter, saying, that  "The Army must take a more active role in encouraging recruitment.

"  The MoD I should say are not commenting.

 They never comment on  special forces either operations or recruitment but the Government is  putting more money into special forces, one of the few  beneficiaries of the defence review and they're clearly going to try to  address the problem.

 Nau.

  -- thank you.

 Frorps Syria says security force have again opened  fire on demonstrators this time in the north-western town of jab la.

  More than 100 anti-government protesters have been killed in the  past two days.

 It's also reported that the Syrian authorities have  arrested dozens of protest organisers.

 Here the Foreign Office  urged all British nationals in Syria to leave, unless they have a  pressing need to stay.

 Yemen's President says the protests  across the country will allow Al- Qaeda to flourish and that the West  will suffer the consequences.

 Speaking to the BBC, Ali Abdullah  Saleh also described the demonstrations as a coup.

 At least  130 people have died during weeks of violence in the country.

  Yesterday the President announced he is prepared to transfer power to  his deputy within 30 days.

 From the capital, sanja, Lina Sinjab sent  this report.

 In power for 32 years, but is  Yemen's President really about to step down? At a rally on Friday in  front of tens of thousands of spores, he didn't look like a  leader under pressures.

 Dr of supporters.

  But after weeks of protest against his rule, last night he said he  would hand power to his deputy within a month if the opposition  grants him immunity from prosecution and ends their  demonstrations.

 Today, he didn't seem in a hurry to depart.

  TRANSLATION: This is a kou.

 You call on me from the US and Europe  to hand over power.

 Who should I hand it over to? Those who are  trying to make a coup? No, we will do it through ballot boxes and  referendums.

  Yemenis will have -- who have  camped out, demanged change, are not prepared to deal with a  President they mistrust -- demanding change.

  But here, the youth who started the demonstrations, refuse any  initiatives that would keep Ali Abdullah Saleh in power.

 They want  him to leave immediately and they want him to be prosecuted.

 'Emeny  soldiers in training.

 Britain and America have supported attempts to  defeat Al-Qaeda fighters based here.

 President Saleh today claimed that  militants have also infiltrated the protest movement.

 TRANSLATION:  is the West not looking at this destructive work and its dangerous  implications for the future? The West made Al-Qaeda join the Cold  War in Afghanistan, then the West paid their that price for their  support of Al-Qaeda.

 The opposition deny the President's claims but  Yemen is a fragile place, a people divided by tribe, region and  religion and the uncertainty over who takes power after President  Saleh does leave, is causing concern, both inside and outside  this country.

 Pope Benedict has celebrated Easter  mass in front of tens of thousands in St Peter's square and called for  peace in Libya.

 Here the Archbishop of Canterbury said it was good that  people were acknowledging there was more to life than financial  prospery.

 Our religious affairs correspondent Robert Pigott reports.

  At Christianity's principal festival a plea for peace from the  head of the world's largest church.

 Pope Benedict said dialogue should  replace arms in Libya.

 He called on European countries to show  compassion to refugees from the conflict.

 "May human dignity  replace the darkness of division", he said.

  The leader of the Roman Catholic in England and Wales said war in Libya,  like the tsunami in Japan, showed that death was part of life.

 But  Archbishop Vincent Nichols said the resurrection of Jess Jesus means  Christians need not live in fear of death.

 We see death in Libya and  every war zone and we also see the work of death in our own lives.

 But  opposed to that, breaking over it, is the victory of Christ.

 That's  why this feast is so central to the Christian understanding of life.

  Archbishop Nicholls acknowledged that there were people who sought  to mock and denigrate this Christian message but he insisted  they often lacked knowledge or understanding of it.

 Another senior  Catholic launched a blistering attack against those he said were  the nejis of Christianity in Britain and he claimed they were  seeking to destroy Christian heritage and cull tier.

 Cardinal  O'Brien, the leader of the Catholic Church in Scotland, said pee were  trying to remove God from public life.

 He said that people who stuck  to traditional Christian teachings on homosexuality, were being  marginalised.

 At Canterbury Cathedral, the leader of the Church  of England, warned that people were linking happiness too closely to  material possessions.

 Now it's certainly a good thing that people  have publicly acknowledged that there's more to life than the level  of our Gross National Product.

 That we're just beginning to say  out loud that corporate prosperity, divorced from personal and communal  fulfilment and stability, is an empty thing.

 Real joi, said dro  Williams, came from human relationships.

 -- real joy, said Dr  Williams.

 In China at least 20 members of a Christian church have  been detained as they gathered for an Easter service.

 The leaders of  the Shouowang Church are now under house arrest.

 China's constitution  allows freedom of worship in state- registered churches but most of the  countries' 70 million registered Christians refuse to bow to  government control.

 8.

00am on eefrt Sunday and on every  corner in this district in Beijing, police.

  -- on every corner.

 Rounding up anyone suspected to be a Christian  from the Shouwang Church is.

 We saw around 20 taken away for  trying to hold an Easter service here in the open.

  For three weeks now police have been here every Sunday, rounding up  the congregation.

 Shouwang is one of Beijing's biggest so-called  underground churches.

 It has over 1,000 members but is illegal  because it refuses to submit to Communist Party control.

  This worshipper from Shouwang said, "They don't want conflict with the  government but the hard ter tries to repress us, the more people will  resist.

" TRANSLATION: As a Christian it is  our right to worship, whether in our homes or outdoors.

 It's  everyone's basic right.

 It's even in China's constitution.

  And this is how China's atheist state says people are allowed to  worship.

 In Government-controlled churches.

  Around 20 million attend these.

 But an estimated 50 million are in  underground congregations.

 In their swelling numbers and devotion, the  Communist Party sees a real threat.

 It's not just independent  Christians.

 In the past few weeks China has launched the biggest  crackdown in 20 years, since after the Tiananmen Square massacre.

  Human rights activists and internet bloggers have been taken away by  the police and vanished.

 Others sentenced to jail terms.

 All this  because the Communist Party fears that revolutions in North Africa  could spread here and it's determined to crush any possible  threats to its hold on power.

 The Crown Prince of Bahrain has  confirmed he won't be attending the royal wedding next fri.

 He said he  didn't want ongoing unrest in his country to tarnish the celebration.

  There had been questions over the decision to invite a member of the  ruling family after a crackdown on anti-government protesters in  Bahrain.

 Now, with all the sports news,  Sally is here.

 The SPL title is in Celtic's hands  after a goalless draw in the Old Firm game at Ibrox.

 The build-up  had been dominated by the investigation into letter bombs  sent to Neil Lennon.

 Police have described the atmosphere at the  game as "improved.

" For Celtic's Neil Lennon, this was  business and booing as usual.

 Although the atmosphere surrounding  the match has been anything but.

 Fans on both sides have found their  rival tradition under skrutni.

 It's it's a game of football.

 Let's  concentrate on that and forget about everything else.

 It's bad  news.

 Nobody's life should be threatened by so-called bigots or  terrorists.

 Although there are issues in the community, as a whole,  which need to be sorted out by - not by Rangers and Celtic, but by  the authorities who run this countryment  On the field it wasn't until the second half that the game came  alive.

 Three minutes later, Celtic thought  they'd scored.

 Then, with the match petering out, Celtic's Anthony  Stokes was sent tumbling.

 It was a chance to beat Rangers and  virtually clinch the league.

 The 0-0 draw leaves Celtic one  point behind their bitter rivals with a game in hand.

 Neil Lennon  make light of the jeers against him.

 Don't ask me about that, it's  called humour.

 Don't distract away from the team's performance much  don't even write about it.

 You will have the photographs to.

 It is a  bit of fun.

 We'd been warned to expect a perfect storm of potential  trouble but in fact the crowd seemed subdued.

 I it was quite  tense.

 Respectful.

 I think folk were listening to the messages  before the match.

 To make it a good competition.

 It'll never go away.

  It's Scottish football.

 It's the west of Scotland.

 Neither side have  gained an advantage in the race for the league title but there are  reputations for the reputation of Scotland.

 What matters now is that  measures to tackle sectarianism here make a difference.

 Arsenal's  title hopes are virtually over after they were beaten 2-1 at  Bolton.

 Substitute Tamir Cohen headed a last-minute winner for the  home side.

 Arsenal's Robin van Persie had earlier equalised.

 They  are five points behind Manchester United.

 Seven time winner Stephen  hend dry is on the verge of defeat  at this year's World Championships.

  Mark Selby needs just one more to win.

 Shaun Murphy has staged a come  back against Ronnie O'Sullivan hosm trails 9-7 in the battle of the two  former World Champions.

 English golfer Luke Donald is  playing in the heritage tournament in America, knowing victory will  see him become world number one for the first time.

 He started the  final round a shot ahead.

 A short time agefs joint-leader.

 If he  doesn't win, Lee Westwood will

 watching us and being part of it  Good evening.

 Welcome to BBC Look North.

 The headlines: Don't switch  off CCTV.

 Ministers suggest a rethink on.

.

.

 We are talking about  all crime.

 Not just serious murders, GBH and ABH which happened in the  town centre.

 The story of an inspirational one foot raised  thousands the cancer charities.

 The cost of storing fuel prices hits  businesses.

 Last year, we spent £250,000 in turnover.

 How Lord  Prescott is packing a punch in the world of advertising.

 Don't forget  but I will be back with a detailed Good evening.

 Police are desperate  to keep them working to help prevent crime.

 Businesses who help  pay for their installations are angry at the proposals.

 But the  council planning to turn off close circuit television in two places in  Lincolnshire say that the 12 cameras are not Daryll -- not badly  for fun -- money.

 North Kesteven District Council thinks it can save  £60,000.

 In our towns and cities, they have  become a familiar sight.

 Here in so referred, North Kesteven District  Council is proposing to switch off eight cameras and a further up four  in a North Hykeham.

 They are trying to save £2.

5 million.

  The council's plan to switch off the cameras will save £66,000 per  year.

 It is a plan which is causing controversy.

 Here in Sleaford, they  have been around for 15 years.

 Present -- our crime levels are low.

  This is one slippered businesses despite businessman who help pay  for the installation.

 15 years on, he fears the investment to be  wasted.

 It is a good cause.

 It will do they tell good.

 Really,  everywhere but you look at, they are increasing CCTV.

 We are taking  a backward step.

 The council's plans have raised concerns with  Lincolnshire police.

 British from CCTV has helped the force reduce  crime in the county and secure criminal and -- criminal  convictions.

 This man was responsible for 70 break-ins in  Lincolnshire loam.

 We have now got to sit down and work hard to find a  solution for the community in the The council's other cost-cutting  measures include reducing pest- control and increasing car parking  charges.

 It does cut down a lot of it, but his is a deterrent.

 They  might just run a mile.

 If you get mugged in the town, there is no  back-up to say.

.

.

 For security reasons it is a bad thing.

 This is  a controversial dilemma.

 One which other councils may have to face  over the coming months.

 Councillor Marion Brighton is the  leader of North Kesteven District Council and she is joining us now.

  Good evening to you.

 Isn't CCTV vital in cutting crime in places  like Sleaford and North Hykeham? think it is very important, but I  do think that sometimes we are facing a huge benefit in our budget.

  This is a proposal.

 It is not this year, it is next year when we are  proposing to cut down on CCTV.

 Yes, it is vital, and it is very  important.

 But I think that we have to town councils to consider where  they come into this scenario.

 Lincolnshire police say that they  are a number of cases, especially in Sleaford, wet CCTV has made a  difference.

 Why take them down? are not too aware of those cases.

 I  do not think the police have been terribly good at letting us know,  because I have spoken to officers and in the last 10 years or so, we  do not know of any prosecutions.

 have this confirmed to us today.

  They are using them.

 Fine.

 That means that that is the committee  safety partnership, and they should be helping towards it.

 Why do not  pay any more? £66,000 is a drop in the ocean.

 No, it is not a drop in  the ocean.

 You are thinking about county council budgets.

 It is not a  drop in the ocean.

 It is one of the larger savings for next year it.

  These are proposals.

 We will be going out to the public on three  separate occasions, going to the business people, and baking give  their -- they can give their opinions.

 We have to find the  savings.

 You are a Conservative councillors.

 Baser but County  Council -- council cuts will not affect frontline services.

 I think  it isn't useful tool, but they ought to be thinking.

.

.

 It is a  useful talk.

 But one parish council is not thinking of asking the  district council.

.

.

 But you are saying that council -- that CCTV is  a good thing? I do not think we should be paying the whole amount.

  I do think that small villages in our district, which have nothing to  do with these cameras, should help -- should not help pay for them.

  What do you think about these plans? How important is CCTV in  cutting crime? Are you for them or In a moment, the New School for pig  farmers to keep up with demand for pork.

 A brave mum from Hull, who  raised thousands for council -- for charities -- cancer charities, has  Last month, the number of six said she was desperate to stir and --  spend Christmas with her children.

 She has been described as an  inspiration.

 Zhari Ward, the Hull number of six.

 -- Zoe Ward.

 Despite  her declining health, before Christmas she was not giving up.

  and still fighting now.

 It is clearly Christmas, and I will take  anything I can to keep me alive for white children and my husband.

  found out she had lung cancer just six weeks after getting married.

  She wrote a book to help others.

 look at my children and it is then  that keep me going.

 Even if I change one person's life, it has  helped me out, and I feel good Surrey's remarkable spirit -- Zoe  She had a love of life, and that is what I fell in love with.

 Her fight  for life may be over, but her story will continue to offer support and  inspiration to others.

 The remarkable Zoe Ward.

 Some more News  tonight.

 Humberside Fire and Rescue Service have a better that they may  never know what caused a fire in Bridlington.

 They think a discarded  cigarette maybe to blame, but they cannot rule out other options.

  Maddie, AJ and William died in October.

 Their mother remains  seriously ill in hospital.

 In the Bridlington case, if an escape plan  had been in place, the family may have had a better chance to escape  from the fire.

 Which room are you going to go to if you're building  is on fire? These are the things that we'd like to get across to  families.

 Rising fuel prices will see a higher fares for bus  passengers and also some haulage firms.

 Despite our area seeing some  of the cheapest fuel prices in the country, the average price is 126.

5  pence per litre.

 The price has risen year by year.

 Businesses say  that they are struggling to cope.

 An increase in fuel duty on New  Year's Day, followed by a rise in VAT three days later, mean that  prices at the pumps are higher than ever.

 We use so much fuel.

 Every  penny costs us over £1,000 per week.

 So 13p is £13,000 per week more  this time this year than this time last year.

 On a litre of fuel  costing £1.

27, the government takes 80p.

 Retailers take 5p.

 The biggest  problem is that we have a lot more coming out when the petrol is in  the tanks.

 We have more money laid out, so that will affect us.

 It is  cashflow for businesses.

 Perhaps the the most sensitive in the  street to price changes his haulage firms.

 Last year, something in the  region of £250,000 downturn in our turnover.

 Businesses which depend  on transport are now having to work as lot smarter.

 We have looked at  our van, we have tried to get a band which runs a visionary.

 We  keep the tyres in the right condition.

 We analyse our  deliveries and are making sure that we do as many one-day.

 It is the  raw meant -- nature of Yorkshire and Lincolnshire which makes the  price of your so contentious.

 Many have no choice but to accept the  change in prices.

 Is it fair to say that these prices  are affecting all areas of the economy now? I think they do  indirectly or directly.

 Some more than others.

 People who use buses,  and the bus companies have said that they will increase fares to  cover the increase in fuel costs.

 The use of a car is not a luxury  for some people, it is a necessity.

 The only crumb of comfort is that  fuel prices in this part of the world is lower than of a part of  the country, but having said that, they are higher now than they have  been since records began.

 Earlier this evening, I spoke to the  president of the AA, Edmund King.

 He said that people living in those  rural areas have been a high pit -- Research shows those on lower  incomes are being hit by record prices at the pumps.

 In your area  75% of skilled workers in rural areas are saying they have to cut  back on journeys if they can, if not, cutting back on household  expenditure or both.

 It is having a harsh effect on many people.

  Prime Minister spoke of introducing a stabiliser, how would it work?  The concept was first floated by the Conservatives in at 2008, when  the global price increases, the tax take decreases.

 And if the global  price drops, the tax increases.

 What it is trying to do is give  more certainty on price over a longer period.

 People say that is  fine but I am not noticing it, only the price going up rapidly.

 One of  the problems with the stabiliser is a government takes 63% of the pump  price in tax anyway and in the last seven days, we have had a VAT  increase and fuel duty and VAT is added the 3.

5 pence.

 There are  problems.

 The government should look at taxation and drop the  proposed increase for April and we believe there is a case of lowering  duty.

 In the meantime, motorists have to shop around for the best  deal, try and drive the economically to squeeze out more  miles per gallon because otherwise it is hitting us in the pockets.

  Thank you for talking to us.

 It We look forward to hearing from you.

  Still ahead tonight: Scunthorpe United clear the way for an FA cup  clash with Premier League side Everton.

  And Baron Prescott swaps politics Tonight's picture: Flamborough Head  Last night we talked about the dog that took part in darts.

 When a  Look North is on, the dog sleeps.

 Nothing new.

 Good evening, young  man.

 Most of the viewers are! Robert  sent this in.

 Remind him to wear his white collar shirt.

 The  interesting thing is he lives in Portsmouth.

 I don't know why he is  watching.

 Look south must be fairly dull if he is watching Look North.

  I am not taking part! It is an unsettled headline.

 Be good news is  temperatures could be in double figures so her last milder weather  The chart looks lively but the afternoon will be better than the  morning.

 It is cloudy and wet, some showery outbreaks of rain.

  Overnight some of the rain could be fairly heavy, the chance of some  sleet first thing but we are talking mainly about the ring  tonight.

 A touch of ice, temperatures gradually lifting up  as the rain pushes in.

 Eventually, three, four or five degrees.

 The  sun rises at 8:15am.

 The high water A wet start across Yorkshire and  Lincolnshire with outbreaks of rain but slowly through the morning the  rain pushes into the North Sea and the after Lucia be quite nice.

 Dry  with sunshine.

 -- After lunch time.

 The temperatures are better than  recently.

 East Yorkshire comes in at six, possibly seven degrees.

  Seven is average, we have not had average for a while.

 It will feel  mild compared with what we have had recently.

 Sunday, it looks chilly.

  Unsettled next week but temperatures up to ten degrees.

  A very useful forecast for Robert in Portsmouth.

 Where is the white  collar? See you on Monday! It's an industry  worth over 1 billion pounds to the UK economy.

 Pig farmers say the  demand for British Pork has increased so much that they can't  keep up.

 Now a new academy to train people who want to start in the  business it being offered in Lincolnshire.

 Rowan Crompton has  been to a pig farm in East Yorkshire to find out what it takes  It takes land, good soil and plenty of straw to rear pigs outside like  this but they are not the only ingredients needed for a healthy  business.

 A lot of it is learning the business, business management,  financial management so that is what the course will offer but also  things like pig husbandry and marketing.

 The Life Of the Pig  Farmer is not easy.

 The industry has faced for it and mouths,  competition from imports and the rising cost of pig feed.

 Despite  this, Richard says the industry is growing.

 40% of production comes  from outdoor herds.

 The supermarkets, the retailers, they  know the value of the British public.

 Richard's daughter Anna has  followed her Dad into the industry.

 They are great inquisitive animals  to work with.

 There is more to pig farming than people give us credit  for.

 You need marketing knowledge.

 It is very challenging.

 Personally,  it is the best thing I have ever done.

 The course is aiming to  encourage a new generation to consider pig farming as a career  option.

 We're not just talking about people from farming  backgrounds, above all else we are looking for people with business  deals, entrepreneurial skills, people who want to get on.

 If it's  a success similar courses will be run elsewhere in the country.

  Four men have been arrested during an operation involving armed police  in Hull.

 It led to dramatic scenes on Beverley Road in the city.

  Police say the men were detained for conspiring to commit robbery.

  No shots were fired and no firearms were recovered.

  Because of the road, a black car pulled in and they got -- a man got  out.

 I cross the road to come to Sainsbury's, I was there two  minutes and cars came screaming up, police cars.

 Marks & Spencer stores  close their doors for the final time yesterday.

 The shops in  Scunthorpe, Skegness and Grantham shut because they're not seen as  economically viable.

 It's left more than a hundred people out of work,  and fears over the economic future of the towns High Streets.

  Thank you for your e-mails.

 Plenty got in touch to say how unhappy  they are with the decision.

 Steve says, "Once again a large retailer  has left Skegness, the local councillors should hang their heads  in shame for letting this happen.

" Darren says, "M & S won't be missed  in Skegness because it's out of date.

" Sue disagrees she sent a  text to say, "What an absolute shame that Marks and Spencer has  closed three stores, they will be sorely missed.

" Thank you for those.

  The last time Scunthorpe United beat a top flight club in the FA  Cup, Edward Heath was in Downing Street and The Beatles were still  together.

 Tomorrow Premier League Everton come to Glanford Park with  the Iron hoping they can shake off their poor league form and pull off  a cup shock.

 BBC Radio Humberside's Scunthorpe United reporter Matt  Making sure the weather does not ruin the big day.

 United's players  hope they can benefit from the magic of the FA Cup.

 A massive game,  hopefully getting the Premiership team coming here will be a good  game.

 The competitions have been kind to Scunthorpe recently, last  season it was Manchester City, earlier this time it was Manchester  United.

 It has been 40 years since they had seen off a top flight side  at Sheffield United in 1970.

 There is no pressure.

 No one gives us a  chance.

 It is a matter of enjoying ourselves and putting in a good  performance.

 It will be massive.

 If we can be in the draw for the  fourth round, it could be the catalyst to kick us on to the  second half of the season.

 The players are determined.

 Hull City  meets Wigan Athletic.

 After being postponed Lincoln City's second  round match against Hereford will go ahead tomorrow.

 Grimsby Town go  to Wrexham.

 Two big games for Hull and  Scunthorpe.

 The We brought you the annual tussle between the villages  of Haxey and West Woodside last night.

 More than three hours after  the centuries old battle for The Haxey Hood started, West Woodside  finally won.

 The stick finally ended at the Carpenters Arms in the  village where I'm sure they all had a celebratory drink.

  He's known for two Jags, and two Jabs and now former Hull MP John  Prescott has found himself in the media spotlight again.

 Sporting a  Hull T-shirt, Lord Prescott sweats it out with a punchbag on a new  advert for a price comparison website.

 It will be seen for the  first time tonight and it's had a mixed reaction.

 Phillip Norton  It's a tongue in cheek dig that's reportedly earned John Prescott  thousands of pounds And its a far cry from some of the pictures we  saw last year, when he entered the But Prezza's never been far away  from the media spotlight often the butt of jokes.

 As his latest TV  role points out, he's widely known for throwing a punch when a farmer  threw an egg at him in 2001.

 And he's had a go at presenting too.

  told reporters he had a vasectomy.

 So what did shoppers think of his  new TV role today? The that is about right.

 Punching.

 It is quite  funny.

 He looks scary.

 Why has he gone but low.

 He cannot need the  money.

 He is a politician, he should not be advertising.

 If they  want to pay him to put gloves on in a garage with a couple of cars, why  not? I would have a go! Wouldn't you? Lord Prescott wasn't giving  any interviews today but he's been having a bit of fun on his Twitter  account.

 Thanks, that will be my method acting he replied after one  fan told him how funny they found the advert and yesterday, he even  proclaimed himself the raging bull of Hull.

 Yesterday he proclaimed  John Prescott, I am sure he is available for pantomime.

 Let's get  a recap of the national and regional headlines.

 Former labour  MP David Chayter is jailed for 18 months for fraudulent expenses  claims.

 Police in Lincolnshire urge a rethink over plans to turn off  Closed Circuit Television in two The response on closed circuit  television when we talk to the leader of the council.

 Seafood  needs more cameras, not less.

 I was assaulted and still have to put up  with verbal abuse.

 It may be a small town but and to such  behaviour is out of hand.

 Terry says they advertised for a  sustainability initiatives officer,

 jokes I can tell you.

 No, please  Good evening and welcome to BBC Look North.

 The headlines tonight:  New figures reveal 10 people have died from swine flu.

 Vulnerable  patients are urged to get vaccinated.

 I would say that they  have doubled and possibly trebled.

 It is particularly bad among  younger people.

 The driver fined for warning others about speed  cameras takes legal action.

 Fears for the elderly if care homes are  closed to save money.

 She is settled and she likes it here.

 You  can see that in her face.

 This is the place that they need to keep  10 deaths, 200 admissions in the past month and operations postponed,  or because of swine flu.

 -- swine flu.

 But the trust involved has  insisted there is not a crisis.

 Figures indicate 95 people have  died this winter it.

 10 of them off from East Yorkshire.

 It's  understood there's no link between any of the patients, all of whom  Many people are worried about getting swine flu.

 Officials insist  there is not any need to panic, claiming the cases are average for  this time of year.

 But some doctors believe that the numbers are rising,  particularly among younger people.

 This particular strain is causing  problems among younger people and we would therefore encourage them  to have the vaccination.

 But ended last week, some doctors said they  were finding it difficult to get a vaccination will stop but according  to officials now, stocks have been replenished and distributed.

 --  vaccination.

 We are hoping for more vaccination to be delivered next  week and we have had some today.

 We can deliver everything that is  required to everybody.

 But despite that, around 200 people have been  admitted to hospital in Hull and East Yorkshire Alleyne.

 Managers  admit this is having an impact.

 -- East Yorkshire alone.

 One trust has  confirmed that they have had to confirmed that they have had to  postpone some operations.

 But he Other hospitals in the area have  confirmed that they have had the normal level of admissions but  nothing out of the ordinary.

 The advice for people that to fall  victim is simple.

 Please try and treated yourself in the first  instance.

 Keep warm and have plenty to drink.

 Paracetamol and that sort  of thing.

 If you have got other health related problems, consult  your general practitioner.

 People in high risk category is like a  have a 60 fights and pregnant women have still got Times -- - that  people over 65 and pregnant women have still got time to have the  So, what is the current advice about making sure you're protected  from swine flu.

 A short time ago, I spoke to Lincolnshire GP, Sudip  Bhaduri.

 It is not too late to get the vaccination.

 We should still  target the risk groups, people above the age of 65 and children  that have chronic health related problems.

 We should always target  the at risk groups first and we have got stocks.

 As we speak, we  have had a succession of inoculations today.

 We do not have  them any shortage as some people have claimed? There was a bit of a  drop in supply but it has come back to a level playing field now.

 We  had a session today and we will have another next week.

 We have got  the stock and we will target the target groups.

 If somebody came  with a vaccination that they have brought which is what has been  going on at all duty to give it to them, would you do it? Absolutely.

  We cannot deny them that particular wish.

 But we must emphasise that  the walking well should not be the target group.

 Some people have not  got the morbid problems and they should not be targeted.

 If somebody  came along with a vaccination, then we will do that.

 But what if they  wanted somebody under the age of five inoculated? That is  controversial.

 The Department of Health have laid out specific  guidelines.

 That is in the wake of what happens tragically yesterday.

  There could be a case in the next campaign, depending on  circumstances.

 Should we use people under the age of five as an at-risk  group --? There is much debate about that.

 One question I have  been asked a lot today is if people have been vaccinated in the  previous year, are they still protected if they have not been  vaccinated this year? They have still got the full protection.

 They  still get cover and immunity against these deadly viruses.

 If  last year's supply is available, Well, have you or your family been  affected by swine flu? How difficult was it to get your flu  jab, or perhaps you've decided not to have the vaccine at all? If you  have a story, we'd like to hear from you.

 We will have some  responses before the end of the programme.

 Contact us in the usual  programme.

 Contact us in the usual Coming up, primary school children  sing their way into the Songs of A motorist who was fined for trying  to warn other drivers about speed cameras is taking legal action to  clear his name.

 Michael Thomson was caught flashing his lights at other  motorists on the A46 in Grimsby.

 He was convicted of obstructing the  police but today, his MEP lodged an appeal on his behalf.

 As Tarah  Welsh reports, he's also received When Michael Thomson set out on his  journey last summer, he was a law abiding citizen but now he is a  convicted criminal because of that.

 He said he flashed oncoming  motorists to warn them about a hazard.

 It was just here on the  left.

 Just about there.

 He said people stopped sharply when they  see a camera but the police pulled him over and said they did not  think he was tried to stop a hazard.

 They thought he was trying to warn  other people to stop them from getting speeding ticket.

  Magistrates did not believe him either and he left court with a  bill of £440.

 Since then, support has been flooding across.

 Many  people think that I am innocent and that I have been treated badly.

  has been the subject of high profile coverage.

 Jeremy Clarkson  said he was preventing a crime from said he was preventing a crime from  There is a speeding trap here.

 time he did not flash but that does  not mean he will not do it again.

 It is a civic duty to actually warn  people about hazards.

 That is what I did and I would not change that I  would do it again.

 He thinks this case could go further than the  appeal court but he said he will go Fares for bus passengers in East  Yorkshire will rise from next week.

 East Yorkshire Motor Services will  put up prices by between 5 and 40 pence.

 The firm says it's been left  with no choice because of the rising cost of fuel and government  duty increases.

 With prices going up by 14p last year and six pence  in the past five weeks, there is likely to be more to come.

 We  really have not had any choice, A women's prison in Lincolnshire is  to be turned into an Immigration Removal Centre.

 Morton Hall near  Lincoln will hold detainees on behalf of the UK Border Agency.

 The  Ministry of Justice say it's one of a number of changes to improve the  efficiency of the prison service.

 We do not need it as a woman's  prison.

 It is more important to use it for immigrants who are having  their estate has reviewed.

 -- their It is not clear how many jobs will  be lost but all of the elderly residents in one institution are  facing difficult it.

 They say it can be one of the most stressful  experiences but for elderly residents in Hull, they might have  no choice but to up sticks and depart.

 Here, they are for  specialist care for people with dementia.

 Relatives are not happy.

  She loves it.

 You can see it in her face.

 This is the place that she  should be kept him.

 -- inside.

 People meet this sort of place.

 In  other places, I do not think that is right.

 We are very upset and it  could do anything to the family, I am not sure.

 I have got relatives  at different stages of dementia.

 I do not think they will stay  together.

 The council is considering closing three care  homes.

 In doing so, they will save £1.

5 million.

 It is not just about  money.

 For me it is about looking forward to the next 10 years and  the buildings will meet upkeep and repair.

 Money is getting tighter  and tighter.

 In other places, care homes are being built as we speak.

  It is about what quality of buildings that we want to care for  the elderly people in the future.

 Residents have three weeks to lodge  their complaints but many people think it is a done deal for Moreton  Hall, Nicholson House and Salinga House.

 It is all about saving money.

  We do not think that we can.

 council will find out exactly what  they have to save during a meeting at the end of next month.

 Here is  What will happen to the residents if the care homes close?  Alternative accommodation will be found at a private institution.

 If  they do not pay at the moment they will not pay anything when they  depart.

 But what people are concerned about is the level of  care.

 They appreciate they will get a better building with better  facilities and for example stable get better bathroom facilities.

 But  they say being with their friends and carers that they are familiar  with is a more important.

 Is there any chance that these houses could  be saved? I must stress no final decision has been made.

 There is a  three-week consultation period which has started.

 Some people have  said that is not much time to put up any fight.

 But we have heard  from the leader of the Labour group, Councillor Steven Brady it.

 He has  said if he was to get into power in the local elections, then all three  More than 100 former employees from the collapsed maintenance firm  Connaught gathered outside the offices of Hull City Council this  morning.

 They're claiming the authority has abandoned them by  failing to ensure their terms and conditions are transferred to their  new jobs.

 Hull City Council has denied this and said it's offering  full support to everyone involved.

 More than 200 people have come  forward to help run a museum which is threatened with closure.

  Lincolnshire County Council pulled funding from Grantham Museum  because not enough people were visiting.

 Now a charitable trust  has been set up in the town, which has been inundated with people  Still ahead tonight: After eight defeats, has Scunthorpe  fallen out of love with its football team?  And the man celebrating his premium Keep your pictures coming in.

 This  was taken at North Somercotes.

 It was a Somerset -- Sunset picture.

  Good evening, young man.

 How are you? There were quite a few bits  last night after the auction for your picture.

 It is now up to  £7.

50! This will interest you.

 Mine is a  parody not be the only picture on there.

 Kenneth day could have  nothing better to do today and sent The interesting thing is, just like  today, your hair never moves.

 I think I have had one too many  I will let your blush tone down in the next two minutes.

 This is the  forecast.

 It is another mild one.

 We had temperatures of 13 degrees  today.

 I'm sure you will have noticed the difference.

 It was like  spring in places.

 Tonight the temperature is in double figures in  places.

 The jet stream is pushing the system in, meaning there will  be some rain are run at times, but temperatures will be in the mild  category.

 In the South West, a weather system will bring some  occasional rain from that direction this evening and overnight.

 Quite a  few of us are dry at the moment but the cloud will thicken, bring the  rain in from the south-west.

 The amount will be small.

 Some places  to stay dry.

 But look at his lowest temperatures - around 10 Celsius in  Skegness.

 So, the son a rise at around 8am.

 -- the sun arrives.

 It  is a cloudy, damp start across all parts of Yorkshire, Lincolnshire  and North Norfolk.

 Some drizzle and rain is possible across southern  regions, but further north, it brightens up and becomes mostly dry.

  A look at the top afternoon temperatures - not quite as high  It is more of the same at the weekend.

 Some patchy rain, San dry  Can I just say, you look very smart tonight.

 I will see you tomorrow  and I will get my own back, don't you worry!  Thanks for all your responses on the education league tables story  we brought you on last night's programme.

 They show more students  in East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are achieving grades A-star to C at  GCSE.

 But Hull still remains one of the worst areas in the country.

  Well, Malcolm from Sutton got in touch with us to say: "Of course  Hull's artificially tight city boundaries will always mean the  city will be near the bottom of school league tables, irrespective  of how we do".

 Cherry called to us say: "It is not so much that the  teachers are failing, it is the pupils are not prepared to listen  because they are not being brought up properly.

" And Amanda in Grimsby  says: "League tables will always be a problem because of their design.

  There will always be those at the top of the table and those at the  They face one of their biggest games of the season having won only  one match in the last nine.

 Scunthorpe United have dropped into  the Championship relegation zone, and earlier in the week one of  their players criticised fans for booing the team.

 So has the town  fallen out of love with its football team? Our sports reporter  The sound of cheering has been heard this season but mainly from  fans of the opposition.

 Scunthorpe have won only once at home all  season.

 After their latest defeat the number 8, Michael O'Connor,  spoke out about what he thought was excessive jeering.

 He was not  allowed to speak to us today, but his manager spoken his behalf.

  It was said in the heat of the moment and I think he regrets it.

 I  do not think you meant it to come out in that way.

 I have spoken to  him.

 He is mindful of the fact that the fans do want to see us win and  put up some kind of fight.

 So for such a tight knit club, how  has the outburst gone down with fans?  He has to be careful what he says.

 The fans pay your wages.

 You should  not Jia the players, you should get behind them.

 -- should not geer the  There is no investment in the club.

 I do not need -- by what to say.

  I'm just disheartened.

 Tom Jones talks about the green grass of home.

  But when your team has secured only one point since September, you can  understand the frustration.

 Anyway, good news for fans everywhere -  This week's gone dark are away! At Leeds.

.

.

 -- this week Scunthorpe  are away! Nobody wants to be beaten by  Scunthorpe at home.

 They've beaten off competition from  hundreds of other children across the country.

 An East Yorkshire  primary school is one of six semi- finalists in the BBC Songs of  Praise School Choir of the Year contest.

 Filming at Cottingham's  Westfield Primary started this morning.

 Linsey Smith went to see  It attracts audiences of millions - the world's only program  And these pupils at Westfield Primary could soon be the stars  thanks to some special visitors at The BBC have come.

 They have taken  a lot of videos of us singing our songs.

 We got through to the semi-  finals of Songs of Praise choir of the year.

 And how did that make you  feel? We were told and we were all Many of their competitors were  independent schools with impressive In contrast, Tracey Redhead is a  classroom teacher running practises in her lunch hour.

  I fell off my chair when the BBC rang to say we had got through.

 It  is incredibly difficult.

 There are hundreds of choirs across the UK,  lots of different sorts of schools, a lot of private and independent  schools, quite well know once, but we have beaten.

 -- quite well-known  ones.

 Only six choirs got through from  hundred and hundreds of choirs.

 So we were lucky.

  Lucky - or good! What are your chances? 100%.

 I was very nervous.

  I got a bit shaky when I went into school.

 But I'm fine now.

  And it's hoped those nerves hold out for the semi-finals in March,  when they'll sing a song composed Fantastic, aren't they? Well done  to you and good luck in March.

 Imagine learning out of the blue  that the premium bonds you'd held for more than half a century had  finally paid out - the stuff of dreams that became a reality for  one Hull man.

 But Lewis Thomas isn't going out to buy himself a  Ferrari just yet, as Amanda Thomson reports.

  A windfall, a dream come true, a millonaire's lifestyle.

 It's a  fantasy that's endured the decades, and began with the launch of  Premium Bonds in 1957.

 Lewis Thomas was a young man in the  navy when he thought he'd try his luck.

  I bought two Premium Bonds, which was two week's wages, thinking, you  never know, it might come up a winner.

  Lewis's original £2 stake would be worth £37 in today's money.

 Back  then he could have bought a house for just over £2,000 - not easy  when a man's average salary was just £190 a year.

 It's taken 54  years but Lewis's numbers finally came up.

  They phoned up to tell me I had one but she did not tell me how much.

  It was just £25 - just as well with dreams of taking on the world in a  boat are far behind him.

 It is out of the question now.

 My  health and everything would not allow me to take on a full-sized  vote.

 But I do take on miniature ones.

 -- full-sized boat.

  So what do you get with a £25 windfall?  I bought some new batteries for my boats! It is something I am  interested in and I laugh.

 Any win is a win, and it puts money in your  pocket.

 You'll still be finding Lewis  sailing his boat in East Park despite his windfall.

  Lewis wrote to us to tell us about his long awaited premium bond win.

  Don't forget to let us know if you've got a story we'd be  interested in.

 Email or text us - there's the details for you now.

  And it's not just stories we're after.

 At the moment we're looking  for you to give us your thoughts on all of the BBC's programmes -  including Look North.

 To find out how to get involved, here's Crispin  Rolfe.

 The BBC.

.

.

 We are always inviting  you to have a say on issues.

 Now it is a chance to have your say on us.

  Whether it is what we do locally, to children's programmes,  EastEnders or the iPlayer.

 If you have strong views and you would  like to join and audience group to tell us what do you think, you can  apply for an information pack online.

 Or you can call the  freephone number.

 You will have to have your application in by January  28th.

 The audience Council - it is not paid but to do get expenses,  and more importantly it is your chance to shape the future of our  broadcasting.

 Let's get a recap of the national  and regional headlines.

 NHS consultants are accused of playing  the system as its revealed some earn more than £100,000 a year in  overtime payments alone.

 BT executive of a hospital trust  insists there is no crisis after it revealed 10 people in East  Yorkshire had died from swine flu.

 -- the chief executive.

  A big response on the subject of the influenza jab.

 David says hi, I  went to the health centre before Christmas and they were out of  stock.

 I went back last Monday and they are still out of stock.

  Another text says my wife is a nurse spending 36 hours a week with  swine flu patients.

 My GP says I am not at risk and will not give me a  vaccination.

 What do you think? Lynn says I went to my GP on  Tuesday and was advised to have the

 message boards.

 Goodbye from  The Arizona shootings.

 Police have charged the man's expected of  killing six people.

 -- man suspected.

 22-year-old Jared  Loughner is facing five counts included attempting assassination.

  The US congresswoman shot in the head is in critical condition, but  responding to treatment.

 The panic in the moments after the attack.

  The 911 emergency call is released Among the victims, a 9-year-old  girl.

 Tonight, her father spoke of his loss.

 Beautiful young girl.

  Very intelligent.

 She had lots of thoughts on what she was going to  do in the future.

 We will have the latest on the  shootings in a country politically deeply divided.

  The people of southern Sudan vote to decide whether to separate from  the north and create a new country.

 No inflated bonuses.

 The Prime  Minister's warning to Britain's banks bailed out by the taxpayer.

  And how King Kenny's first appearance as Liverpool boss failed  Good evening.

 The authorities in Arizona have  charged a 22-year-old man with shooting the Democratic  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords.

 Jared Loughner is facing five  counts, including attempted assassination.

 It follows an attack  outside a supermarket in the city of Tucson, which left six people  dead, including a 9-year-old girl.

 The congresswoman who were shot in  the head remains in critical condition, but is responding well  to treatment.

 We will ask what effect the shootings have on  political debate on -- in America In the hospital behind the, the  condition of many of the victims continues to improve -- behind me.

  You can get a sense of the shop by the growing number of attributes.

  Much of the attention has focused on alleged plot to kill a US  politician, but six people actually died, including the young girl, and  the charges reflect that.

 The only suspect has been accused of two  counts of first-degree murder, two of attempted murder, and one of  attempting to kill a member of Congress.

 Prosecutors say this is  the man, 22-year-old Jared Lee Loughner, who killed six people and  tried to assassinate a US congresswoman.

 At the shopping  centre in Tucson, Gabrielle Giffords was shot in the head while  meeting voters.

 The gun and fired indiscriminately.

 The call made two  emergency services gives a sense of The gunman was wrestled to the  ground and arrested.

 Federal agents and deputy sheriffs are welcome --  working around the clock to learn as much as possible, gather the  facts, to discover why someone would conduct a heinous act.

 More  A few miles from where the shootings happen, this is the quiet  street where Jared Loughner lives, in the house with his parents.

  Labour said that they knew -- neighbours said that they knew  little of the man.

 My daughter is also 22 and went to the same high  school with him.

 She taught him a couple of times.

 He was very to  himself, had maybe four friends at school.

 I would say he was strange,  I would call them.

 He wasn't very personable.

 Pictures of some of the  dead have been made public.

 They include an Arizona federal judge,  John Roll, a aide to the congresswoman called Gabe Zimmerman,  and a 9-year-old girl, Christina Green, the youngest victim.

 She was  a beautiful young girl.

 She was very intelligent.

 She had lots of  thoughts on what she was going to do in the future, being a vet, a  politician, an artist, she had lots of interests.

 Outside the hospital  where most of the victims were brought, a growing tribute from  well-wishers.

 Inside, one of the surgeons who operated on Gabriel  Giffords told me they remain optimistic, but she is lucky to  remain alive.

 Probably in the order of five to 10% with this kind of  penetrating gunshot wound, it goes into the brain, survive.

 24 hours  on, many in Arizona remain stand.

 One of their elected politicians  could be the target of an assassination attempt.

  Investigators must try to understand why it happened.

  Investigators say that when they searched Jared Loughner's house,  they found documents that point to an assassination plan.

 They say  they took an envelope with writing on it, which said, I planned ahead.

  And the name of Gabrielle Giffords and a signature which they thought  was his.

 If it goes to trial and he were to be found guilty of the most  serious charges, he could face the The shootings have sent shockwaves  across America's political landscape.

 No clear motive has been  identified, but the local sheriff says there is a vitriolic political  atmosphere, which could have been a Numbingly familiar scenes from the  streets are America, but not for more than 30 years as a serving  member of Congress being gunned down.

 The nation is appalled, and  What Everyone wants to know is why he did it.

 It has been just days  since Gabrielle Giffords was sworn in for the third term.

 The man  administering the F, condemning the shooting.

 An attack on one who  serves was an attack on all who serve.

 Such acts of violence have  no place in our society.

 As the police and media pour over the  alleged gunman's Internet postings, some are wondering if this was more  than the actions of a disturbed loner.

 When the rhetoric about  hatred, about mistrust of government, about paranoia, of how  government operates, and to try to inflame the public on a daily basis,  has impact on people, especially who are unbalanced personality is  to begin with.

 Some fingers are pointing at the right, at this web  page last year from Sarah Palin, targeting Gabrielle Giffords over  her support for the President's health care reform bill, a page  which clearly worried the congresswoman.

 The way she has it  depicted as the process of a gun sign over our district.

 When people  do that, they have to realise there are consequences.

 Sarah Palin's  supporters reject the implications.

 already being debated.

 I don't  think she could ever make the direct connection.

 Don't we have an  obligation, those of us in public life and those who cover us, to say  this is beyond the bounds? It may be constitutionally permissible but  it should not be acceptable rhetoric.

 Throughout Washington car  marques of respect for the victims.

 This already if -- throughout  Washington, marks of respect.

 This already feels like more than the  long line of shooting tragedies.

 A shooting 2000 miles away is  reverberating in the nation's capital.

 The President has asked  all Americans to observe a minute's silence tomorrow morning.

  Our North America Editor Mark Mardell is in Washington.

 Do you  think these awful events will affect the way politics is  conducted in America from now on? think they will, at least on a  temporary basis.

 The big question is how long that impact lasts.

 Even  if this this crime turns out to be the impact -- the act of and mad  man who -- and has nothing to do with political motivation, the  event has acted like a lens which has focused the concerns that  already existed.

 The left are accusing the right of creating a  climate with their words, that is filled with hatred and drenched in  the imagery of violence.

 I think that accusation, although the right  would hit back against that, will create a mood of national soul-  searching.

 If you look at the blogs, the vitriolic exchanges between  Left and Right are going on.

 I think senior politicians will  definitely temper their language, cool it down, for a while,  certainly for this week, maybe longer.

 That will be a challenge  for people like Sarah Palin, who have made harsh attacks, sometimes  humorous attacks, a hallmark of their politics.

 How they react now  is a real challenge.

 Thank you.

 An Iranian passenger plane has  crashed in the north-west of the country.

 More than 100 people were  on board the IranAir flight when it came down near the city of Orumiyeh.

  Around 70 people are reported to have been killed and another 32  injured.

 Huge numbers in Sudan are casting  their votes in a referendum on independence.

 As many as are of the  opinion, say "aye".

 To the contrary, "no".

 Will decide whether the  mainly Christian south -- the poll will decide whether the mainly  Christian south will secede from the north.

 Only those in the south  are allowed to vote.

 It is part of a peace deal that ended root dos  decades of civil war.

 -- ended two decades of.

  Up early, queuing for the chance to make history.

 Eager voters,  signalling their determination to create a brand new African country.

  The time has come for us, as the owner of this country, to lead it.

  We need our own and we are going ahead, nobody will stop us.

  Still plenty of guns and instability here in South Sudan.

  Today, real hope that this referendum on independence from the  north of the country is the best Mary has spent a lifetime running  from the war.

 Many people have died before we are seeing this moment I  am going to see today.

 I was born in a refugee camp.

 I went back to  the refugee camp as a mother.

 And I don't want to go back again as an  old woman.

 The voting is going to carry on for  a few more days, and the counting will last several weeks.

 But  already, the result is not really in doubt.

 Every single person I  have spoken to says they want independence for south Sudan.

 We  are almost certainly witnessing the birth of a new nation here.

 That  prospect has lured people like this man back home.

 He is one of  millions who fled the endless fighting here.

 Yes, maybe there  will be some difficulties in the south, but it is going to be fine  in the end.

 As a southerner, I am happy to have a country of my own,  whereby people will be treated equally.

 I like that.

 Like many  divorces, the break-up of Sudan could turn ugly.

 The North and  South disagree about how to share or oil revenues, debts and borders.

  The outside world is urging restraint.

 The mediators, anxious  to prevent new complex.

 I think the future has a lot of dangers, but  the stabilising factor is so one.

 Nobody in Sudan wants to go back to  war.

 That is the hope, anyway.

 The celebrations have already begun  here.

 A defining moment for a long, tormented country.

 -- for a long  tormented country.

 David Cameron says Banks must pay  smaller bonuses to their staff this year.

 He told the BBC they needed  to be, in his words, more socially responsible.

 The Prime Minister  indicated the government would block bonuses it deemed  How much should the banks pay their staff in bonuses? It is an old  question but one that the City of London, and politicians of  Westminster, have yet to agree an answer.

 The Prime Minister said the  government didn't want to Mandelson the banks that had been bailed out  by the taxpayer.

 He wanted them to be successful, so they could be  sold off for a profit.

 Unacceptable bonuses would be stopped if.

 What I  want to see is socially responsible banks, behaving responsibly, lower  bonus pools than last year.

 Responsible levels of remuneration  and proper agreements on lending to businesses, large and small.

 Being  good citizens in the community.

 this man being a good citizen? The  Royal Bank of Scotland said no decision had been made about the  bonus of chief-executive Stephen Hester, amid reports it could  amount to more than £2 million.

 David Cameron said RBS shouldn't be  leading the way on bonuses.

 Labour said the government wasn't doing  enough.

 This government came into power with the first paragraph of  the coalition agreement, let alone manifesto commitment.

 The first  paragraph says we will introduce detailed plans to tackle this issue  of bankers bonuses.

 We are going to get nothing.

 In his interview, the  Prime Minister warned of tough and difficult times in the year ahead.

  He said the rising inflation figures work concerning.

 He made  clear the extra VAT that we are now paying in the shops is here to stay.

  We are dealing with a structural budget deficit.

 That means that  even when the economy grows, this deficit, this pile of dead, isn't  dealt with.

 So that is structural, that is not going to go away  because of the growth, so the changes we are making have to be in  permanent too.

 One change may not be permanent.

  The Treasury said it was always -- already looking at whether the 50 p  top rate of tax was raising enough money to help pay off the deficit.

  It is a growing colony, not just higher taxes, that David Cameron  needs to cut the deficit -- it is a growing economy.

 Tomorrow he will  meet business leaders to discuss Now, the sport.

 There was no  fairytale return to management for Kenny Dalglish this afternoon.

 20  years after he last took charge of Liverpool, he was back on the  sidelines again, having taken over from Roy Hodgson yesterday.

 But his  team were beaten 1-0 by Manchester United and knocked out of the FA  Cup in the third round, as Dan Roan reports.

 They had waited 20 years  for this.

 For these Liverpool fans arriving at Old Trafford, a  reminder of what the club's greatest living legend means to  them.

 Finally Kenny had come to their rescue.

 There best Christmas  present.

 He is a hero, he has been our hero for ideas so we are glad  to have him.

 In side, familiar foes rolled back the years and familiar  rivalries.

 Liverpool have been a team in decline, and it took them  just half a minute to prove it.

 United had a penalty, Ryan Giggs  was clinical from the spot.

 This was not the start Kenny Dalglish  had envisaged.

 It was about to get worse, this was too much for the  referee.

 Liverpool were reduced to 10 men, the manager must have  wondered what he had let himself in for.

 Galvanised, Liverpool improved  after the restart, but United were never in serious danger.

 In the end,  one goal was enough to see them through.

 For me, other than the  result, we got a lot of positives from the game.

 We have got to get  the players confident and believing in themselves.

 The desire and  commitment is there.

 Once we get that, we will move forward.

  dream start for Dalglish on this comeback.

 He will not despair, his  side's spirit in defeat will provide encouragement.

 But this  Holders Chelsea got the defence of their title underway with an  emphatic 7-0 drubbing of managerless Ipswich.

 Leicester came  back from 2-1 down against Manchester City to earn a well  deserved replay.

 And two goals from Jermain Defoe helped Tottenham beat  Charlton 3-0.

 And to find out who they all play in the fourth round,  visit the BBC Sport website.

 Celtic booked their place in the  fifth round of the Scottish Cup, beating third division side Berwick  Rangers 2-0.

 And Motherwell breezed through their fourth round tie as  well, Jamie Murphy's solo effort rounding off an impressive 4-0  victory over Dundee.

 It was Stuart McCall's first win as manager of  Motherwell.

 And on the day Tottenham have  announced that David Beckham will train with their squad until the  middle of February, a spokesman for

 Welcome to South East Today.

 Must  do better.

 The Prime Minister wants her train companies to Inter-  Services after MPs raise their concerns in the Commons.

 We will be  reporting from Westminster and Tunbridge Wells.

  Threats of legal action for Kent County Council after their plans to  shut down, transfer or sell-off nine care homes for the elderly.

  said I would be there till I die.

 Was Reggie Kray really a born-again  Christian? Letters that reveal his prison conversion go under the  hammer in Sussex.

 Forget Fawlty Towers.

 The changing  face of the British b n b and why the south-west has some of the best  in the world.

 -- B&B.

 And carry a loving.

 The complicated  private life of Hattie Jaques revealed in a new TV drama.

  Good evening.

 The Prime Minister has told our rail companies that  their services must improve as MPs have once again called For  Southeastern to be stripped of its franchise, following a Westminster  debate.

 Becomes amongst your criticism of  the company's performance during the severe winter weather and  punctuality and fare increases.

 The snow may have thought but the  frustration and anger felt by the thousands of passengers stranded  and severely delayed are still being felt.

 Today, the Prime  Minister himself to acknowledge the train companies had not coped well  in the freezing conditions.

 There are some particular issues that we  have to look at.

 The frozen rail that affected so many services.

 We  want to make sure they improve the service that they provided and also  the way they communicate with the public when things are not going  right.

 There has been growing anger following the cold snap.

 In  December, passengers were stuck on trains overnight on it.

 Three weeks,  an independent report found that the company failed to provide any  information to passengers.

 But earlier this month, Southeastern  met its targets.

 Some commuters and MPs have called on the company to  re-examine the figures.

 Today, the debate in Westminster, six of  Kent's MPs called for the service to be improved.

 We rail travellers  and West Kent are without any doubt getting a very raw deal.

 They are  getting inadequate services at excessive cost.

 Come you to say  that there the fact that there has been so much disruption, as insult  to injury.

 Commuters are open arms.

 I do not know whether they should  improve their punctuality.

 That has not been good recently.

 They have  done the best that they could with the snow.

 We have to impress upon  them, and the compensation issue has to be resolved.

 Second, we have  to get somebody in who can run the railway in the way the commuters in  the whole of Kent deserve and expect.

 They will meet with the  rail Minister in the beginning of February to discuss the franchise  and compensation.

 That was Louise Stewart.

 We will  cross led to Sara Smith in Tunbridge Wells station.

 Let's go  to lorries and Westminster.

 What have Southeastern got to say about  this tonight? We asked them for an interview.

  They declined.

 Instead they issued a statement in which they said they  would continue to work with Network Rail to try and improve the  reliability of their service and they will also try to improve the  information they provide for customers.

 There has also been a  Government report released today which says that in future we may  get a better breakdown of the punctuality figures which will  please MPs like Roger Gale.

 He says the figures at the moment have been  massaged.

 That means he thinks that certain services like high-speed  one are bringing up the percentage of trains on time.

  Let's join seriousness.

 -- Sara Smith.

 We have had some tough talk  from MPs.

 What a difference would it make if there were to be a new  franchise holder? Lots of commuters are angry about  the service they have been receiving from Southeastern.

 It  could make them feel better if that ultimate action was taken and they  were stripped of their franchise.

 We have been analysing transport  infrastructure for many years.

 People were not alighted West  connects who lost their franchise.

 R Southeastern doing such a bad  job? They will say they met their targets.

 The focus is going to be  on strengthening the targets on what you include an we exclude when  you count up how many trains were on time through the year.

 We do  make a difference to have someone else funding the service?  immediately.

 What is required is a fundamental plan to improve it.

  There are no signs are that at the moment.

 That plan would have to  come from above? The train operating company has to put the  plan in place itself.

 At the moment, commuters will have as much  confidence in the MPs' achieving something as they do in terms of a  firm of Southeastern's on Management.

 So far tonight, five  Kent MPs want Southeastern to be stripped of their company franchise.

  There will be no decision taken on that until next month at the very  earliest.

 We have already been receiving e-  mails on the subject.

 This is from a wife of a train driver.

 She wants  the MPs to realise there is very little point is stripping them of  the franchise.

 Network Rail are still in charge of the tracks and  nothing changes.

 This man said he went to buy a  monthly season ticket today and was shocked to find it was 30% more  than what it was two months ago.

 He was quoted £530 rather than £405  for the year before.

 At no point have Southeastern gone to explain  the increase.

 He goes on to say he is very far from being happy.

 What  do you think? Is it fair for MPs to be Colling four Southeastern to be  stripped of its franchise at? Or are they making political capital  You can also contact us through our Facebook site.

 Any moment: Art in  the most unusual of places.

 Greek Sussex chicken shed converted into  a new gallery -- the Sussex chicken shed converted into a new gallery.

  Campaigners fighting plans to close or sell off a string of care homes  for the elderly say they are considering legal action.

 They have  described Kate County Council's consultation as a complete sham.

  They are calling for a judicial review.

  The proposals was the three homes replaced by housing schemes for the  elderly, three transferred to a partnership with a private sector,  and three more shut down completely.

 Simon shows is that Sampson Court  which is facing closure.

 Was it of reaction are you getting there  tonight? They say they are devastated.

 Not  only the residents but their families and also the staff.

  Despite a six-hour meeting at Kent County Council today were many  objections were raised, the council said tonight it will now proceed  with his plans for closure.

 This may now end up in the courts.

  Married for over 50 years but she letdowns says it will break her  heart to have to tell her husband to has dementia that sons and court  is set to close.

 I do not know what I am going to say.

 I just do not  know.

 It is devastating.

 It really is.

 89 year-olds the rat travelled  to Maidstone to tell councillors what she thought.

 I am disgusted.

  Because when I first went there they said I would be there till I  died.

 That is all I want to be.

 son is talking to solicitors about  taking legal action against the council.

 If you move on to another  home it could end her life early.

 I do not want that to happen.

  council says that many of its current buildings would cost too  much to improve.

 More people will be cared for in their homes and  others and more modern facilities with on suite bathrooms.

 This will  say something like £2 million.

 How many objections did you receive  to your plans? There were in total about 26,000 comments.

 A good  number of those expressed disagreement with what was being  suggested.

 Has the consultation been a sham? Will certainly not.

  Many who would not normally protesting have been voicing their  anger amongst this woman whose mother faces moving out of her care  home.

 She has got dementia.

 She does not speak, she cannot walk.

  She is completely.

.

.

 She just would not be able to cope.

 But the  council insists people like this woman will continue to receive  high-quality car here but in a different way.

  The council says it has listened to residents who are concerned that if  these closures go ahead, then their relatives might not survive the  experience.

 They say this will be handled very sensitively and it  will be done in consultation with the families who are affected.

  Police, fire crews and a coastguard helicopter had been sent to  Telscombe Cliffs in East Sussex.

 After a car plunged 500 metres over  the edge.

 They were called to the incident around four o'clock this  afternoon.

 It was believed there was one man inside the Ford Mondeo  estate.

 A pensioner has been crushed to  death by a treaty was cutting which fell down on him in his garden in  Burgess Hill.

 An air ambulance and fire crews tried to save 70-year-  old Roy Stoner yesterday but he was pronounced dead at the scene.

  An 18-year-old man from Dover has been remanded in custody in  connection with a shooting of another teenager in the town.

  Antoine Anicotte was charged with causing previous -- grievous bodily  harm with intent.

 A man who carried out a machete  attack in Crawley has told the jury he did not try to kill anyone.

  Antonio Batsimba is accused of attempting to murder two men during  a fight between two groups in the town last September.

  While giving evidence today, Antonio Batsimba admitted he had  wielded the machete over a man who lay helpless on the ground.

  Antonio Batsimba explained to police and that he did not wake up  that morning wanting to murder someone.

 He saw his friends  involved in a serious fight with another group of men.

 Matt put at -  - Antonio Batsimba went outside.

 He to do with them to scare them off,  to stop the fight.

 He insisted it was not his and that he thought it  was a moment of peace, that had been left in his flat.

 Antonio  Batsimba told the jury that this man went atom first with a metal  pole.

 Something he denies.

 Antonio Batsimba admitted striking him with  the machete but said he did not try to kill him.

 He let this man  severely scarred.

 Antonio Batsimba admitted he was helpless on the  floor.

 I do not have to hit him.

 In his evidence, Antonio Batsimba  insisted he did not lose his temper during the attack.

 The only lost  his temper after the fight.

 I was angry and ashamed of myself he said.

  After he was arrested for the attack here, Antonio Batsimba said  in his police interview, he felt mortified about what had happened.

  He denies two charges of attempted murder and wounding with intent.

  But Antonio Batsimba has already pleaded guilty to causing grievous  bodily harm to Matt -- to two men.

 It is 18 minutes past seven.

 MPs  are calling for the Rail offered to 80 Southeastern to be stripped of  its franchise.

 It follows fierce criticism of the company's  performance during the severe winter weather and commuter anger  over fare increases and punctuality.

 They are quite simply the best  places to stay in the world.

 High praise for two B&Bs in the area.

  Come out of the immediately.

 Hattie Jaques: The secret life of the  He was one of Britain's most notorious gangster but while he was  behind bars for murder, Reggie Kray struck up a seemingly unlikely  friendship with the daughter of a policeman.

 He credited or -- her as  being the reason why he turned Kristian.

 Now let us that he wrote  her of being put up for auction.

 Her former husband was in Parkhurst  Prison and the 1980s.

 It wasn't long before Carol-Ann Kelly  attracted the attention of Reggie Kray.

 He liked her because she  reminded him of his wife Frances who committed suicide.

 If I was  naive.

 I took my son on the train and a ferry to Parkhurst Prison.

 We  bought a rabbit and I wasn't used to this prison way of life.

 Letters  flowed between the pair.

 This one written in Lewes Prison talks about  a record Reggie recorded.

 Reggie and Ronnie Craig Wood gangsters,  their business was protection, at a price.

 -- Ronnie Kray.

 The brothers  spent the rest of their lives behind bars.

 Reggie learned Carroll  was ill in cap -- with cancer.

 In his prison cell, he knelt and asked  God to heal her.

 According to Carol, that was the Mehmet Reggie became a  Christian.

 He said it was the first time he was praying for somebody  else.

 This complete and utter peace.

 When he got up he said he wanted to  look at his life and wanted figures ness.

 -- forgiveness.

 A lot of  people want a bit of that, something to add to what they have  got already.

 The Christianity connection to it also.

 Carol says  Reggie gave her permission to sell the letters.

 Many will be given to  the Royal Free Hospital in London.

 The two bed-and-breakfasts and one  hotel in the south-east have made it into a new list at the top five  best places to stay in the world.

 Forget grotty rooms, dreadful food  and room-service like that of Basil Fawlty, our bed-and-breakfasts have  cracked it.

 Unlike London who have This is what it takes to be the  best bed-and-breakfast in England.

 Third best in the world.

 Absolutely  thrilled to bits.

 Couldn't be more impressed and shocked.

 They are so  many excellent places out there.

 We have been fortunate.

 Restoring this  19th century mansion, a former playground for the Queen Mother,  has been an eight-year long labour of love.

 The secret to success, say  Allen and Paul, is an eye for detail, right down to the toilet  roll.

 Some people have it in them to look after people, some don't.

 I  enjoy it.

 I find it a challenge.

 It is hard work that if it is  something you enjoy, it comes across.

 If how much does it cost to  stay here? Rooms start at £100 a night.

 It is an extraordinary place  to stay.

 Pipped into a world ranking of 5th,  this town house.

 To be even ranked in the same grouping with them is  amazing.

 Neil was 8th on this list last year.

 Now with the internet,  people are able to sing the praises of places that have been performing  consistently well over the years.

 Neil's guests are attracted by his  contemporary style.

 It seems the region's guest houses are getting  trendier.

 Trend isn't just about design and this Brighton hotel, it  is a way of life.

 If it is the norm tangible design that makes us  different.

 It will make you feel different.

 The way the walls are  shaped, having crystals around, making sure the aromas are right.

  In terms of being trendy, that is something Bebo can latch on to.

  Seaside hospitality used to be synonymous with the disaster zone  that was Fawlty Towers.

 It has clearly come a long way.

  They look fantastic.

 They are so terribly neat.

 You  don't want to make a mess.

 If you were to tell your financial  adviser you wanted to invest your life savings in a new art gallery  that is in the middle of nowhere, and exhibit work by artists you  have never heard of, he would be advised to reconsider.

  For despite the economic downturn, that is what this Sussex artist,  Kenton Lowe, has done.

 We have been to see the Blackshed in a converted  chicken shed in Robertsbridge.

 The cost of living has gone up  again.

 Inflation jams by more than expected.

 Families feel the squeeze.

  It is tough out there.

 Very tough if you are investing your savings  in a new venture.

 An art gallery beyond the beating track takes  vision to the point of insanity.

 is a farm.

 It is in the middle of  nowhere but I think it is set in one of the most idyllic settings in  this area.

 It is the banks the of the gallery world.

 You don't know  where it is the you know something great is going on there.

 That is  what I want people to find.

 Kenton Lowe has done some wacky things in  the name of art, like film and his experiences with inflatable bin  liners.

 Blackshed is the realisation of a dream to bring  local artists to public attention.

 Many is less important.

 I want to  work with local artists, artists at on not necessarily out there and  have staff had no way, stuff they have done for themselves.

 Under the  It is a privately run place, we don't rely on public funding in any  way.

 When he opened up the gallery here, he asks me what I was  interested in sharing.

 I pulled out of this series -- I pulled out the  series of work.

 Martin Brockman was a natural choice for the first show.

  The pictures are flying off the walls.

 I sold four last week.

  they can make here -- if they can make art here, they can make art  anywhere.

 You need to think big.

  If you build it, they will come.

 Born in Kent, Hattie Jacques was  their larger than life actress who found fame playing in the Carry On  movies.

 She was happily married to the  dense Army star, John Le Mesurier, but the truth of the matter was far  from that.

 A programme tonight exposes her  life.

 Good evening.

 Carry on girls.

 One of the most memorable  characters from the Carry On films.

 Hattie Jacques as matron.

 I have  been thinking about this camping trip.

 Her life has been dramatised  in a BBC for film.

 May I see your legs please.

 They have lead role,  played by Ruth James.

 In the Kent seaside village where she was born,  Hattie Jacques is as popular as ever.

 Resins in Sandgate one to put  up a plaque to mark the house where she lives.

 Hattie Jacques is  important to everybody.

 She is a well-loved character.

 Mention the  name here and everyone cannot believe she lived here.

 She is one  of ours.

 She belongs to us so we were put a plate up to say so.

  was spent her holidays in Margate.

 This photograph shows her with her  husband, Jamaat-ud-Dawa, in the 1960s.

 Today their holiday home has  a blue plaque.

 Historians think this new drama will boost people's  interest.

 There is a resurgence of that era.

 British comedy is very  popular and certainly people coming down to see the wonders of Mar  Kate's Architecture are not going to be disappointed.

 Two eggs charm?  Yes, lovely.

 At the centre of the story is her affair with her driver,  John Schofield.

 It was a full-blown affair.

 John Le Mesurier find out  about it and ended up staying in one of the houses -- rooms in the  house while he was with John Schofield.

 Not everyone is happy  with the interpretation.

 Her co- star, Eric Sykes, has criticised  the focus on her public life.

 -- private life.

 The film gives an  insight into the character behind the screen.

 The Hattie Jacques we  That drama, Hattie, is on BBC for at 9 o'clock tonight.

 You can fork  -- find out more about her Kent connection on the website.

  Now we are going back to our top story.

 The MPs calling for the rail  operators, Southeastern to be stripped of its franchise.

 They  have launched a first attack in Westminster.

 It follows criticism  of the company's performance during the winter weather.

  Earlier we asked for your views.

 We had been receiving plenty of them.

  Sarah Mills has been having to travel from Ashford to Maiden Stone  for the last few months by train.

 She can honestly say she can count  the number of days when trains have been it on time in both directions  on one hand.

 Neil Francis says, as a daily  commuter, Southeastern provides an abysmal service all year round.

  Last in the morning, I had two trains on time.

 50 % were more than  10 minutes late.

 How can the train companies charge  the man they do without expecting people to demand trains that run on  time? Do they take us to be false? The answer would apparently be, yes.

  Julia Pitt says this is a south- east problem.

 She has a son that  travels from Bristol.

 His trains are always running regularly.

 If  other train services can run, why not trains to cant?  For the inside view from Westminster, log on to our  For now, let us have a look at the weather.

 It has been a lovely sunny  weather.

 It has been a lovely sunny After the December we have had, it  is not a bad thing.

 There may be some sunshine, it is trier but it  is also feeling cold so.

 Today, quite a lot of cold weather.

 Clear  skies tonight are leaving way for some of fog.

 Those temperatures by  first thing tomorrow, down to one Celsius.

 Increasing cloud cover as  well.

 Getting off to a cloudy start but later on, plenty of sunny  spells.

 Those temperatures are doing OK.

 Getting up to six Celsius  which is around the abbey has -- average for this time of year.

  Tomorrow night, it is going to be colder than tonight.

 We are seeing  those figures getting down to freezing point.

 There will be more  skies that are -- there will be more clear skies around.

 This  frontal system is moving into the

 campaign to help the Lib Dems.

  Told she would die, now Heidi is in complete remission.

 The cancer  trial with life saving results.

 Professor Hawkins saved my life,  and I am very grateful.

 Good evening, and welcome to Northwest  Tonight.

 Also in the programme: It costly mistake?  The £24 million state-of-the-art school closing after just two years.

  Debbie Abrahams is duly elected for the Oldham East & Saddleworth  constituency.

 Labour wins with ease.

 But was at local or national  concerns that swayed the voters? Frozen out, the pensioners left  without gas after their landlord cut them off.

 The price of the Gas  has gone up and up since these people to Cover the site.

  And the new life of Ryan, Giggsy considers a career away from Old  Trafford.

 Just months after her wedding day,  40-year-old Heidi mortar was diagnosed with kidney cancer.

 She  was told it had spread and that she was going to die.

 So, over the next  few months, Heidi sorted out her things, a range which would like  ashes to be scattered.

 But then the Christie Hospital offered her the  chance to take part in a trial for advanced country -- kidney cancer  treatment.

 One in four patients are now in complete remission.

  For more than a year, Heidi has been in remission.

 He can say she  was told would kill her, completely gone.

 It was just months after she  got married that Heidi, a mum of 3, was diagnosed, cancer of the kidney  that had spread to her liver and lungs.

 It is a very difficult thing  to explain, I was not scared but I did not want to die.

 I just thought  I had too many things to do, too many people around to look after,  without me he will look after them? She had already made plans for her  funeral when she was offered the chance to take part in a trial at  the Christie Hospital.

 I agreed straightaway.

 I did not go away and  think about it.

 He wanted me to that the up other option it would  not reduce the tumours, it would just keep them at bay.

 I did not  want to take that chance.

 You can see here, a tumour in Heidi's long.

  This afternoon, Heidi's doctor showed me her scans before and  after treatment.

 He you can see after the treatment there is no  sign of the tumour.

 And this is why a.

 AA drug called Interleukin-2.

 It  is particularly toxic and works by using the body's immune system to  fight the cancer cells.

 A whirlwind of emotions.

 The fear, the actor  anxiety -- the anxiety, and now this feeling that Professor Hawkins  saved my life and I am very grateful.

 Patients on the seven-  year trial have come from all over the country.

 Bobbies on his final  cycle, two of whose tumours are gone.

 It is a difficult treatment,  it is not something we can give everybody.

 What is exciting is that  a quarter of patients, their tumours have gone completely.

  Christie Hospital believes that one day the treatment could save the  lives of hundreds more patients like Heidi.

  A £24 million flagship school is to close, less than two years after  opening on Merseyside.

 Billed as the future, it now seems that  Christ the King school could have been a costly mistake.

 It is a  mistake the Council could have to pay for four years to come.

 Our  reporter has been to see where the beacon went out.

  A school with not enough pupils, run by a Council was not enough for  money.

 Nobody plays -- Knowsley blames the closure on falling pupil  numbers.

 Parents we spoke to were angry.

 It is a disgrace.

 They want  to throw out all of the children out of the school.

 All the money  they spend on the school, what is the point in sending them somewhere  else? It is designed so that we can engage, motivate children and young  people.

 Education director Damien Alan gave it a tour of the school  before it opened.

 It was supposed to transform teaching.

 There are  lots of big spaces.

 Knowsley is bottom of the GCSE league table for  the second year running.

 The school's results are significantly  improved.

 I feel very sorry for the people who have put their faith  into that new school by sending their children there.

 After two  years, it is a complete disaster.

 Christ the King is one of several  centres built by a Balfour Beattie under a public-private partnership.

  It is worth £163 million over 25 years.

 It is not clear what would  happen to the contract or the Council's payments if it closes one  of the learning centres.

 Neither Knowsley nor Balfour Beattie would  comment on that today.

 There is a meeting for parents on Monday  evening.

 Police have launched an  investigation following the death of a woman who was found  unconscious in an alleyway in Sale.

 Ambulances were called to Hampson  Street early this afternoon.

 It is believed that the 47-year-old had  been drinking in the Leigh Arms Pub.

 She died a short time later.

  The family of a man in a coma feel at that it will cost thousands of  pounds to bring him home.

 Mistakes on his insurance application form  mean it is invalid.

 His family say this could ruin them financially.

  The Communication Workers' Union in the North West have called for an  inquiry into the backlog of Christmas mail.

 The unions say  there are tens of thousands of late items at sorting offices across the  region.

 The Royal Mail completely deny the problems and say there is  not a single item of backlog male at their main 0 -- north-west depot.

  If you are getting a Christmas card on 13th January, the problem is bad.

  The fact that we have still got trailers full of mail, I have been  associated with Royal Mail a very long time and I have never seen  this before.

 We have both received Christmas cards this week.

  He warmly of score -- the Wali offshore wind form has started  producing electricity for the grade.

 It is claimed that the eat two wind  farms will claim enough electricity G provide for thousands of homes.

  The by-election is over and the political caravan has upped sticks  and headed back to Westminster.

 Not all the politicos have left.

 Our  man is still there.

 It almost feels as if I have been  living in parts of this constituency for the last few  months.

 But us go back to the beginning of this whole tale.

 It  began at the general election in May.

 Phil Willis the MP one gallery  -- narrowly.

 An election court sat in the building behind me,  Saddleworth Civic Hall and judged that Phil Woolas had lied in his  election leaflet triggering the by- election which we had last night.

  It was a fairly close-run thing in terms of the campaign, but  ultimately people living in this street and in the rest of the  constituency had their say once again.

  The ballot boxes arrived with rumours it could be close.

 It has  just turned midnight, down there on the floor, they are counting the  last remaining ballot papers.

 Up here, on the media balcony, rumours  are swirling.

 The latest is that Labour has won by about 4,000.

 It  was not quite that much but as the votes were counted, Labour relaxed.

  I hereby declare that Debbie Abrahams is duly elected for the  Oldham East & Saddleworth constituency.

 Labour's majority  increased from 100 to 3.

5000.

 think people were very angry in  terms of broken promises from this Government.

 We absolutely delighted  at the result.

 So what happened? In last year's general election Labour  and the Lib Dems were neck and neck with Conservatives close behind.

  Last night, the Lib Dem vote held steady but Labour pushed decisively  ahead and the Tories were left trailing.

 It would have been nice  to have come second, I do not disguise that.

 I am not going to  disguise my disappointment.

 It is in the context of a by-election.

  always said this was a two-horse race, and it has been.

 It looked  like I might win a couple of days ago but you cannot criticise a  candidate for being optimistic about their chances.

 Salvation for  Labour on the streets of Oldham.

 think it should be the  Conservatives.

 I didn't even watch it to be honest.

 Not especially  after the last 10 years or so.

 Brilliant! The views expressed in  this constituency are now being analysed by politicians across the  country.

 The election might be over but the blame game is certainly is  not.

 Yesterday, you will remember that Labour and Manchester City  Council announced 2000 job losses.

 It tied in nicely with the Labour  campaign here.

 The Council said it had nothing to do with the by-  election.

 The people of Upper Mill and  elsewhere in the constituency have spoken.

 But where they influenced  by Labour politicians outside the constituency trying to pull a fast  one? On the very day that people of Oldham and Saddleworth voted,  Manchester Council announced 2000 job cuts, accusing the Government  of favouring the local authorities in more affluent southern areas  over northern towns and cities.

 Was it a coincidence or was it a count  -- calculated attempt to influence the election? This is what the  local government minister told us last night.

 Announcing this today,  the day of a by-election, is playing politics with it.

 I am  sorry to assume that they have -- to have seen that they have done it  today.

 In Oldham, Liberal Democrats say some voters decided not to back  them as a direct result of the Manchester announcement.

 In  Manchester itself, Lib Dems admit they cannot prove the timing was  politically motivated but says circumstantial evidence is  persuasive.

 There was no written report, it was sent out to the  press before staff were told.

 think a last-minute decision to  rush this out? I think it was not be on the realms of possibility  that the Labour Party that co- ordinate this for a party political  Well, I opened my report talking about the Phil Wallace leaflets.

  The local newspaper has a different leaflet, First Lady.

 The first  woman elected in his constituency and a fresh start for Labour.

 Get  home and have an early night! The residents of a mobile home park  says their landlord is charging over the odds for their gas.

 Some  have refused to pay the what they consider to be outrageous charges -  so he's cut them off.

 But he insists he isn't being unreasonable.

  The local MP wants the Government to intervene.

  It is a tranquil spot.

 But unrest is rife in Morecambe.

 Residents say  the owner has been raising the cost of liquid petroleum gas beyond all  reason since he took over two years ago.

 25% would be sufficient Betti  has to take it further to over 100%.

 So he and others refuse to pay.

 The  owner warned he would have the supply cut off if they did not pay.

  The price of gas has gone up and up.

 The new owner says the previous  landlord charge unrealistically low rates and they have to be increased.

  He would not tell us how much he pays a wholesale but a quick search  online found prices ranging between 50 and 54p a litre.

 He charges £1  and 4p.

 There are other associated costs.

 Some people were happy to  pay their bills and some are unhappy but they have been given  the opportunity to make alternative arrangements if they want an  alternative supplier.

 Is there a realistic? It does happen.

  owners are entitled to charge what they choose for the supply of gas.

  The local MP is calling on governments to intervene and have a  code of conduct.

 We are taking steps to legalise their homes to  give them the same rights as normal homeowners.

 Gerald says he will  never pay what he believes to be an extortionate price.

 Now, with  Pienaar on the move and Giggsy on the North West Tonight sofa, here's  Tony with the sport.

 Roque Santa Cruz is back at  Blackburn Rovers just eighteen months after Manchester City paid  seventeen million pounds for him.

 The 29-year-old has moved to Ewood  Park on a season long loan and could play for Rovers at Chelsea  tomorrow.

 The Paraguayan scored 29 goals in 70 games during his first  spell at Rovers and is delighted to be back.

  The decision is easy for me.

 I love the club.

 It has always been  friendly.

 I have many friends here.

 I am pleased to be back.

 City could  go top of the table for the first time this season if they beat  Wolves tomorrow.

 But Manchester United's Ryan Giggs is determined  they won't stay there for long.

 I've been speaking to the man who's  won more honours than any other British player ahead of United's  game at Spurs on Sunday.

 The 37- year-old, who's just brought out a  fitness DVD, says he's managed to keep playing at the top level  through regular yoga.

 I began by asking Ryan whether he regarded  City as serious title rivals.

 Yes, they have quality in depth.

  They are definitely one of the contenders.

 How frustrating is it  after all these years City are finally blew me and you are coming  to the end.

 I do know if it is good or bad.

 When United play City, no  matter how they are doing, it is always tents.

 It is a massive  rivalry.

 It has got bigger since City have coming to a lot of money.

  Have you worked out when the end might come and what you might do  next? No, at the moment I still feel good.

 I will sit down with the  club and discuss what would happen next season.

 I am quite relaxed  about it.

 You will be staying in some sort of role? I am not sure.

  You can never predict what will happen when you finish.

 I am I get  offered a job somewhere else.

 have worked with the greatest  manager this company -- country has seen.

 Would you fancy management?  Again, you cannot predict.

 You can make yourself as prepared as you  can, get the necessary qualifications and coaching badges.

  I am in that process.

 Whether coaching or managing, I do know.

  Has Sir Alex gone easy on you? Does he consults you rather than give  you a rollicking.

 My relationship has changed.

 He asks for advice  about different things.

 The relationship has changed because I  have known him since I was 14.

 asked for a company car when you're  16.

 Yes, I forgot about that.

 Finally, United have a lot of  heroes but they do not bestow honours lightly.

 People are talking  that one day a statue might be there of Ryan Giggs.

 How does it  make you feel? You are asking the wrong person.

 There are many  players who have played for United, the legends, they are so many great  players.

 If they built statue, you would have to wonder about what  pose.

 It might be the one where you took your T-shirt of.

  He does watch the programme.

 He is one of the nicest blokes.

 Some big  transfer news for Everton ahead of Sunday's Merseyside derby against  Liverpool.

 The Blues have accepted an offer for their South African  midfielder Steven Pienaar.

 Everton haven't said which club has met  their valuation.

 Pienaar, who's out of contract at the end of the  season has been linked with Chelsea and Spurs.

 Meanwhile Liverpool will  still be without their suspended captain Steven Gerrard as Kenny  Dalglish aims for his first win since taking over as manager.

  Despite the fact there are not as many local players playing nowadays,  I did think it dilutes in any shape or form from the importance of the  game.

 I think we have played well in the last couple of games.

 We had  a good win in the Cup.

 We're doing OK.

 We have been up and down in  some of them.

 I would have liked to win a couple more.

 Yes, we are in  good form.

 Burnley are expected to name Eddie Howe as their new  manager in the next 48 hours.

 The Bournemouth boss has taken the  Cherries from the foot of League two to the top three in League One.

  The 33-year-old, one of the youngest managers in the Football  League, is due to join up with the clarets over the weekend.

 If the  deal is completed I'll be speaking to Eddie Howe on Monday and you'll  be able to see that interview in our football league programme Late  Kick Off which returns on.

 My first studio guest will be the new  Popular, is it? Where was the research for that?  Let's look at the weather.

 An unpopular weather forecasts.

 I  hope you enjoyed the sunshine today.

 Temperatures hit 11 degrees in  parts.

 The weekend will be quite wet, a weather front through the  weekend and quite windy.

 Some of Heavy rain and gales.

 It does not  look bad at the minute.

 Tonight should be OK until midnight but  after that in it comes the rain.

 From good daytime temperatures,  temperatures of six or seven tonight, it continues to be mild.

  The amount of rain will cause problems.

 There may be flooding  because the ground is already saturated.

 The rain will keep on  coming.

 That is the Environment Agency phone number.

 It sits on top  of us.

 The south-western corner and anywhere south of Manchester will  see the best of the weather.

 In parts of Cumbria on high ground the  rain will be heavy.

 It will peter out in the afternoon, it continues  through the night but by Sunday it will pull away.

 The deeply  What is it with us Brits and talent shows? It seems we cant get enough.

  Today Manchester got a flavour of Britain's Got Talent fever with the  city hosting televised auditions.

 We were too busy to take part  unfortunately.

 As you'd expect, hundreds queued up for a chance to  cheer and boo the contestants and The queue went on.

 And on.

 And on.

  And on a bit more.

 This the mid- morning scene outside the opera  house - hundreds willing to stand in line for hours.

 The question is  why? There is weeping.

 It is insane.

 A we love Michael MacIntyre.

  three hours we have been waiting.

 Once inside they can expect the  usual mix of talentless and talented.

 The region's got a  reputation to uphold - remember winner George Sampson from  The show likes to keep its performers under wraps but here's  one entrant.

 Sophie's her name - magic's her game apparently.

 You  might hear more about her if she can impress the panel of judges.

  This year, along with regular face Amanda Holden - there are a couple  of new judges.

 Comedian Michael McIntyre and the shy and retiring  David Hasselhoff.

 The Hoff can work a crowd and after hours of queuing  they needed working.

 Why did they keep us waiting? It's disgusting.

  We've not heard a whoop for ages.

 A dog is going to do magic.

 There  is a magic from Tony.

 The Monster Raving Loony candidate  from last time was taking part

 I have met.

 I have a belief that  So far Welcome to East Midlands Today with Anne Davies and me,  Dominic Heale.

 Our top story tonight - a couple's distress as  their baby's born in a hospital lavatory.

 Good evening.

 If it  happened in none on suite bathroom when no-one heard their cries for  help.

 It took me six weeks to stop visualising having the baby in the  toilet.

 As the official Riband is cut at a new £3 million fire  station, firefighters protest that budget cuts.

 Also, the constant  crisis wrecking residents' lives.

 There have been many nights when we  have been afraid to go to sleep.

 And we are in training with record-  breaking rower Sarah Outen as she Good evening.

 First tonight, the  baby girl born in a hospital toilet.

 Her mother claims maternity unit  staff failed to answer her desperate calls for help for around  15 minutes.

 Sharon Willoughby says during that time she sounded a  buzzer and her partner shouted for help and searched for staff without  success.

 Now the King's Mill hospital has apologised for failing  to meet the family's expectations and has begun an investigation.

  Mike O'Sullivan has this report.

 Sharon Willoughby with two-and-a-  half-month-old Felicity.

 A baby who had a traumatic birth at King's  Mills Hospital at Sutton in Ashfield in Nottinghamshire.

  Felicity was born into a hospital toilet.

 Luckily, Richard Kay mint -  - came in.

 I look round and he was lifting the baby out.

 I must have  for honestly, I don't know what I thought.

 It was horrible.

 Sharon  and her partner Richard rang a buzzer for help and shouted out.

  Richard even searched a corridor - but no-one came for 15 minutes.

  Richard is holding the baby, still attached to me, so he's having to  move a long, trying to get her on took the bed, shouting all this  time.

 This is the maternity unit where Sharon Willoughby gave birth.

  It had only been open for two days before her daughter was born.

 The  staff say they are taking the complaint very seriously.

 I have  apologised to the family that on this occasion we did not meet their  expectations and we will continue to talk to the family and to the  issues are resolved.

 After this incident, double fire doors on the  unit will be left open so that cries for help can be more easily  heard.

 That would make any family feel more comfortable Cup they  could get her help.

 They blame it on the double doors.

 The fact is  they did not tell us what the emergency button was.

 He dare told  us that at the beginning we would have known what button to press.

 I  was just pressing things to call for an nursed.

 The couple are  considering legal action.

 They hope their complaint means no other mum  will go through what they did.

 Next tonight, you'd think the  opening of a brand new multi- million pound fire station would be  a cause for celebration.

 In fact, it prompted a protest by fire-  fighters themselves, angry at the cutbacks the station is already  facing.

 Quentin Rayner reports.

 It is how firefighting is meant to  look in the 21st century.

 A brand new £3 million fire station for the  Carlton area of Nottingham.

 The energy-efficient building boasts  its own training facilities including a two-storey training  house for fire-fighters to practice tackling fires inside buildings.

  One of our prime roles is rescuing people from twirling fires and this  will give them an ideal venue to perfect their skills.

 But as the  official ribbon was cut, it was budget cuts which were on the minds  of fire-fighters protesting outside.

 The Nottinghamshire service has to  find at least £6.

5 million over four years.

 Already it's known that  11 jobs will be going in emergency fire control.

 It will mean one fire  engine being lost and 20 firefighters made redundant.

 Across  the county been 6 fire engines will be lost and 100 made redundant.

  fully understand how they feel and appreciate the service they give us,  but we have a £6.

6 million deficit to fill.

 Job cuts will come.

 It is  unavoidable? There is nothing else we can do, we will have to organise  ourselves different.

 It's thought once inflation is factored in, the  final figure the Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service has to cut  is £7.

7 million over the next four years.

 The final decision on cuts  will be made in June.

 Still to come on the programme -  the big sporting story this weekend is.

.

.

 Well, here's Colin to tell us.

  It is tomorrow when the Reds take on the Rams.

 We are behind the  scenes at Pride Park for a full pre- Jo.

 If you're going to the  match I would wrap up warm because although temperatures will not be  quite as cold as today there will still be a cold northerly wind with  us over the weekend.

 More weather towards the end of the programme  for stop Next tonight, the couple who are at their wits end over car  crashes.

 There have been 70 in seven years on the road outside  their home.

 There was another serious accident there only last  night.

 Jim and Susie Perry say it's now got so bad they are considering  moving.

 The council does have a plan to improve things, but some  residents say it would actually make things worse.

 From Derby,  James Roberson reports.

 Next to Manor Road, the outer ring  road in Derby, there's plenty of evidence of road crashes.

 Jim Perry,  who lives on the road, has witnessed dozens outside his house.

  In the past seven -- 13 years, my wife has had seven cars written-off  just on the front try.

 At car came down the hill and a coat my wife's  car and a double brick wall.

 Jim's wife, Susie, has taken hundreds of  pictures of the crashes to try to convince the authorities the urgent  action is needed.

 They had been many nights when we have been  afraid to go to sleep.

 The latest crash only happened last night,  when a car coming down the dual carriageway smashed into this tree.

  It hit the central reservation and smacked into the tree and then span  and landed back on its wheels.

 Derby City council says most  accidents happen near these crossover points in the central  reservation, and are now planning to close them.

 But locals say that  won't be a help, but a hindrance.

 It will make it even faster, will  be nicer to slower it down.

 I live just there so that means I have to  go that way round, a long journey.

 It puts a mile on your journey?  Easily.

 The campaigners would like to see a speed camera put on the  road but Derby City Council has a policy not of putting them in but  taking him out.

 The council say they have begun a consultation with  residents, businesses and road users about plans to alter the  central reservation.

 The consultation will run until  February 4th.

 The BBC has seen documents which  indicate that Leicester City Council plans to stop being a  provider of adult home care, day care and residential care over the  next three years.

 The Labour-run city council says the voluntary and  private sector should be able to take over provision.

 But the public  sector union UNISON says that's not guaranteed and that vulnerable  service users are being put at risk.

 Detectives say a man who was shot  in St Anns on Boxing Day nearly died.

 Damien Meredith, who's 24,  was hit in the head by a bullet.

 Almost four weeks after the  incident, he remains very ill in hospital in Nottingham.

 Police have  spoken to around 40 people, but no- one's been charged.

  Leicestershire County Cricket Club is hoping to sell the naming rights  to its ground at Grace Road.

 Last year the cash strapped club lost  £400,000.

 Now it's hoped that some of those losses can be recouped if  a local firm comes forward to sponsor the ground.

  Children are being duped into sending photographs of themselves,  in just their underwear, to a scam Facebook account.

 The page on the  social networking site purports to be a modelling agency.

 It's not,  and now the police are warning parents and children to be vigilant.

  Helen Astle reports from Leicester.

 It looks genuine but de logo and  the name have been taken from a real modelling agency.

 This site is  a scam.

 Having set up a fake side, what happens next? They've all set  -- send a message to another user, usually your junk teenage child,  asking them if they are interested in modelling.

 Thereafter they will  pressurise them or coax them into sending photographs of themselves  wearing underwear, with the premise that they will arrange a photo-  shoot later.

 It is this woman's business that is  named on the fake side.

 It makes me angry because I have been doing  this for 40 years.

 I know how in Bonn report young people can be and  impressionable.

 We have a notice on our website same the we do not have  a Facebook page, so for those that have fought about things and  investigated, they know it is a scam.

 The police have received  reports from concerned parents whose children have fallen victim.

  These parents are very concerned, very upset of what has happened.

  They no longer have any control of the images they have sent.

 These  people do not have their best interests at heart.

 The police say  the site is sinister and disturbing and they are faring to find the  people behind it.

 They are working with Facebook to have the page  taken down.

 No January seems to be complete  without an awards ceremony or an anniversary to celebrate.

 East  Midlands Today is no different.

 It is 20 years since we first went on  the air.

 In the latest of our special anniversary reports, our  political editor, John Hess, looks back at some of our politicians who  perhaps deserve their very own red carpet treatment.

  In those 20 years we have had five general elections and former prime  ministers.

 And in our own backyard, a remarkable politician that many  would have liked to have seen in No.

 10.

 We have charted the career of  Kenneth Clarke.

 He has won most government departments, yet there  was never quite enough to run his own party.

 I'm trying to get past  the photographers in order to do some interviews! That was 10 years  ago, the latest of his many supported attempts to become the  leader of the Conservatives.

 He is now back in government as the Lord  Chancellor and just his secretary.

 By the time the programme started,  I had by that time become Education Secretary and then a became Home  Secretary and Chancellor.

 Given up practically everything I did was  controversial, there was also -- always some local weather was a  spin-off from what I was doing - Tully, so I gave context report  things.

 But I always found East Midlands Today one of the more  satisfactory basis on which to start park in my case.

 Cabinet  ministers the new backbenchers, you get to find out about their hidden  passions.

 Jeff coons collections of Beatles memorabilia or ought the  insight club he Dick knowledge of Nigel Mills on Notts County.

 Do you  recognise this young county councillor in a report from the  first week off East Midlands Today? That is Paddy Tipping.

 Within a  year he was to become the MP for Sherwood and cavers within law the  right to roam.

 It was a tremendous achievement for people, using past  the we were never able to use before.

 Dare I say it, is a good  bit of socialist legislation, from the rich to the working people who  really ought to inherit land.

 could never get enough fresh air  for one of our Leicester MPs.

 Remember five years ago, the  determination of Patricia sure to get smoking banned in public places.

  The former Health Secretary wanted to persuade East Midlands Today  that the public backed her.

 So she took me to a working men's club in  her constituency.

 If the picture could speak a 1000 words, then the  voters here were going to take some persuading.

 The air may be clearer  now, but politics to remains a matter of smoke and mirrors.

 I  expect it will be the same in another 20 years.

  From politics then to politics now.

 Here's Marie Ashby with a quick  preview of something that's on your screens this weekend.

 We will be  exploring one of the week's big talking points, should prisoners be  getting the vote? How will the Solicitor-General respond? And the  charity taking legal action against the city council over spending cuts.

  The chief executive takes on the council's leader.

 That's the  Politics Show this Sunday at 12noon on BBC One.

  Still to come on the programme.

 A top rower has our reporter over a  barrel.

 Sarah Outen from Rutland is in training for her latest epic  challenge.

 And, to be honest, Sarah Teale isn't really helping.

 You're  We all know that a career in the services teaches you self-  sufficiency.

 And that's certainly the case with former RAF pilot Alan  Cresswell.

 When it comes to sorting out the rubbish and recycling, the  91-year-old from Bourne in Lincolnshire is in a class of his  own.

 Simon Spark reports.

 A Alan Cresswell some time  struggles to remember when his next billing collection is due.

 No in  his nineties, his memory is not what it used to be.

 But instead of  waiting the fortnight for his next collection, he does something about  it.

 If it is a reasonable day I just fight on and take it to the  tip.

 Alan has already been doing this hour-long trip to the tip and  back for the year.

 Maybe his fighting, do-it-yourself spirit  come from the fact that used to be a second World War RAF pilot.

 Among  the aircraft he flew were horror Keynes, wellingtons and Halifax  bombers.

 So from -- so the new war on waste, with his in Lleyton.

 Now,  sport.

 And for Derby and Forest fans, it's the big one.

 Yes, the  87th A52 derby is tomorrow, and Colin's at Pride Park tonight.

  So, just 24 hours until the big match - Derby County take on their  arch rivals, Nottingham Forest.

 The Rams fans are still smarting from a  drubbing at the City Ground just a few weeks ago, so a chance to  perhaps put things right at Pride Park.

 We have even got the  legendary hard to do more to talk to us.

 The managers - well they'll  tell you it's just another game, but we know it's anything but.

  Here's Angela.

 It's all about local pride.

 And  that's something Derby County are desperate to restore.

 Seven defeats  in nine games.

 Clough knows it's time to make amends.

 It is a big  game in any circumstance but this has dinner with the run we have  come on from our point of view.

 It is important we do not use the game.

  The fans are frustrated, players' confidence is low.

 This week the  board have backed the boss with a new signing.

 Ben Davies arrived  from Notts County and is raring to go.

 I drove past, I think you went  for a scored the first goal! I know what the atmosphere will be like  and it will be a fantastic game to be involved in.

 Fiercely fought on  the pitch, plenty of incidents off it - these games are never dull  affairs.

 Defeat at Pride Park last year marked a downturn in Forest's  fortunes, but the Reds are flying just now and focussing on the  bigger picture.

 We go to Derby at the weekend to try to get three  points.

 That is the first thing in our minds, we are going to try and  beat them.

 He it is an thing like the game a few weeks ago, we will  take that.

 It is three points and it is not a decider.

 Such a long  way to go in the season.

 History favours the home side.

 It's been 17  years since the Reds beat the Rams in Derby - but Forest are hoping to  rewrite the records books.

 So two side to coming in on very  different kind of runs.

 It Dean Polly is here to talk about it.

 You  get the impression that outside Derby people assume Nigel Clough is  under pressure.

 But he is not.

 I do not think is under pressure.

  You have to remember that a few weeks ago we were playing some of  the best football but we have seen for some time.

 They have dropped  off a little bit over the last three of four weeks.

 That is  through one of two injuries and people playing in wrong positions.

  But it is a good game tomorrow for everything to come back right.

  Nottingham Forest, this was a turning point for them last season.

  Forest will always be desperate to come to Derby and win the match but  they have a manager that has got a perfect track record of getting  teams into play off.

 They did last year but they missed out.

 I can see  Forest being there again this year.

 Hopefully, Derby are quite a few  points behind but if they get their form back again I do not see any  reason why they should not be up there challenging.

 Also playing  tomorrow in the Championship, Sven's Leicester at home to  Millwall, while in League One, Notts County host Carlisle.

 And  while we're looking ahead, we mustn't forget Leicester Tigers.

  Welford Road will expect victory against Benetton Treviso on Sunday  and a place in the Heineken Cup quarter finals.

 Now, people in  Derby and Nottingham might not like to admit it but they rely on each  other.

 A tide of people flows between the two cities.

 Everywhere  you find Forest fans in Derby workplaces, and Rams fans amongst  Reds.

 And when you lose heavily, as Derby did at the City Ground, being  a fan alone isn't easy - as Jeremy Nicholas found out.

 Andy is a Derby  season-ticket holder who works at a car dealership in Nottinghamshire.

  It is one of those days between Christmas and New Year when you do  not know what day it is.

 Derby certainly didn't, losing 5-2.

  fair few Forest fans, and they're all waiting for the first thing on  Monday morning.

 And you have lots of red cars! And a fair few black  and white once as well.

 How cruel but the road that links his  workplace to his home should feature of the numbers five and two.

  Look at the time, Andy.

 It is 52.

 laugh at him and say judgement day  is coming up which is 22nd January.

 Hopefully we will get the result we  want.

 Saturday's was sold will decide whether and he gets whipped  again on Monday morning.

 Give it was not a local derby, we were  probably settle for a point on that day.

 But I think of with win on  Saturday we will hopefully go on a bit of them run.

 I to meet the  bragging rights on Monday morning.

 Hopefully we will get something.

  Let us find a wonder prediction us.

 Who will have the bragging rights?  I say made the best team win on the day.

 Very neutral of you! Don't  forget your BBC local radio station for commentary on all the big games  this weekend.

 You can get your first look at the action from here  on our Saturday teatime bulletin at 5.

25.

 And in between Monday's East  Midlands Today and Late Kick Off programmes, you'll get the very  best reports and analysis.

 Record-breaker Sarah Outen hit the  headlines 18 months ago when she made it across the Indian Ocean,  alone, in a tiny rowing boat.

 The Rutland woman is no longer content  with crossing just one ocean.

 Now she's in final preparations for a  much more ambitious expedition.

 Sarah Teale joined her for training  to find out more.

 I c a land! Sarah Outen, the woman  who took on the might of the vast Indian Ocean.

 The solo 4,000 miles  row from Australia to Maritius earnt her a place in the record  books three times over.

 But that was then, now Sarah has her sights  set on a much bigger prize.

 This time she's taking on the world.

  When next challenge is around the world by human power.

 I will be  growing, cycling and kayaking from London right around the world back  to London.

 How long will it take you? Two and a half years.

 Sarah  plans to kayak to France, cycle 8,000 miles through Europe to  Russia, then cycle and kayak to Japan.

 Then a daunting row across  the North Pacific to Vancouver.

 From there, she'll cycle 3,000  miles to New England, row the North Atlantic back to British soil and  finally cycle back to the start.

 The 25-year-old from Oakham in  Rutland is in boot camp.

 Training hard to make sure she's fit enough  to complete the 20,000 mile expedition.

 It is challenging in  that there are two ocean rose, tomb of the toughest bits of ocean in  the world.

 Interspersed with thousands of miles of cycling.

 And  it is continuous, so overall I would take is going to be meeting.

  You had complete self-belief that you can do the Indian Ocean.

 Do you  have that self-belief on this expedition? Absent me, I have  convinced I have the best chance of making it happen.

 Sarah sets off on  April Fools Day.

 Some would say that could be fitting given the  enormity of the challenge.

 But then plenty of people called her crazy  when she set off from Oz in a little rowing boat.

 And look how  that turned out.

 From two Sarah's took a Sarah with  It is going to be a cold night denied.

 We have this picture from  Popp price of this visitor to his garden on a cold and frosty morning.

  We will see the frost for the early part of the evening with the clear  skies that up with us.

 Temperatures will drop down to minus two Celsius  as a minimum.

 It will change by the early hours of the morning.

 He will  start to see the cloud filtering in from the North Sea.

 That will start  to lift temperatures.

 It is going to be a cloudy start to the weekend  and we will stay mainly cloudy.

 It is due to an error I've high  pressure at moving further westwards.

 -- area of high pressure.

  The winds quite light on Saturday from the north.

 On Sunday we start  to see a bit more of a breeze picking up.

 Once again, quite a  cloudy day and again we will see the cloud increase enough to  produce a small amount of drizzle.

 The breeze stars to ease off for  the early part of next week.

 The high pressure will slowly pulled  away towards the west.

 It will continue to draw in quite a bit of  cloud so we will start next week

 them via our website.

 Until then,  News.

 In tonight's programme: Being driven out of business by high  petrol prices.

 Why independent garages say the rising cost of fuel  is threatening their futures.

 Also, the cable thieves stealing  copper for scrap and what's being done to try to stop them.

  And in South Today.

 How polluted are your streets? Now you can find  Owners of independent petrol stations in Swindon say they could  be forced to close if more duty is added to the cost of fuel.

 It comes  amid warnings that prices at the pump could go even higher in the  coming weeks.

 Claire Price has the story.

  The cost of petrol is soaring.

 Crude oil prices and higher taxes  are contributing.

 The average price for a litre of petrol is now £1.

27,  that is bad news for drivers.

 Also bad for business.

 And it is  independent petrol stations like this one but a really starting to  feel the pinch.

 According to the Retail Motor Industry, half of  Swindon's petrol stations are owned independently, and they are at most  risk of closure because they cannot complete -- complete with  supermarket giants.

 I would normally go to eight supermarket.

  You save money.

 You have to look after number one.

 Our independent  retailer it sells petrol for 128.

 9p.

 The Tesco petrol station  charges 125.

9 pence.

 If people from Swindon went to Disney World in  Florida, they would only pay the equivalent of 43p per litre.

  Richard runs a logistics company in Swindon and says he is worried  about any future price rises.

 rise is where it hits the haulage  industry.

 If there is a rise in VAT, we are able to claw that back.

 When  it is a rise in duty, that gets passed on to the have come -- but  customers or hit our bottom line.

 Forecourts are warning that prices  could rise end -- eight pence per litre in the next few months.

  A short time ago I spoke to Brian Madderson, the chairman of the  retail motor industry federation.

 He represents independent petrol  stations across the country.

 I asked him how high fuel prices were  affecting them.

 They are affecting them in two ways.

 First of all, the  motorist and businesses are trying to reduce the cost by cutting back  on the mileage, so fuel volumes are down.

 And then, with the high  prices, high taxation, the retailer's' margins are under a  very great squeeze.

 Why do independent retailers tend to  charge more than supermarket and big petrol companies? It is all to  do with the volume of product they are purchasing over a period of  time such as the air.

 Clearly, the hypermarket and old companies have  got much bigger volumes, therefore they can cut the cost of product  from their supply to the bone.

 The independent retailer might have  just one site or foresight, but his wily Imp is clearly a fraction so  that he does not get -- his volume is a fraction.

 He have the price at  a volume which gets him a sustainable return.

 So there are  just a few pence in it from being an option to keep going and going  bust? Yes, we are seeing every year something like 400 retailers across  the UK going out of business.

 We see the prospect of that actually  accelerating, particularly in rural areas, through this year with these  difficulties that they all encountering.

 What would you like  to see them to help them? government cannot do much, we  recognise that, about global prices of crude oil or the exchange rate.

  But they do have taxation policy to work with.

 George Osborne has said  that VAT at 20%, which went up on 4th January and is here to stay,  let spark that.

 Led the government have some extra revenue for  tackling the fiscal deficit.

 But in terms of the duty, they have  inherited this duty escalated from the previous government which is  due again on the first to best -- April, which will add another 5p  per litre to the price of fuel at the pumps.

 Unleaded could be 136,  diesel could be 140p per litre by Easter and that is going to cause  our retailers great difficulty.

 Heath officials in Oxfordshire  claim plans for a dedicated kidney dialysis unit at the Horton  Hospital in Banbury are still being worked on.

 Steven Berry travels  from the town three times a week for dialysis in Oxford.

 He and his  wife have been campaigning for two years to get the treatment locally.

  The health authority says it has been working hard in the last 12  months to identify a permanent site at the Horton.

  Security has been stepped up on rail lines in Oxfordshire to stop  thieves who steal copper cable that's used for signals.

 Hidden  cameras and extra barriers have been added on Chiltern Railways  routes.

 Train companies say as well as the financial cost of replacing  it, cable theft can also disrupt services.

 Jeremy Stern reports.

  The 13th 12 service is delayed by approximately 18 minutes.

.

.

 A hold  up your journey can be a hassle at the best of times, but what about  when it is because of criminals? Frustrating more than anything else  to know that it is something that could have been avoided.

 I was held  up about a year ago for work, because someone had thrown stuff on  the line as well.

 A load of copper wire had been stolen from one of  the junctions.

 This footage shows just how organised the thieves can  be.

 The gangs are using heavy machinery to steal copper cabling  which runs down the side of the railway near Milton Keynes.

 The  metal is worth thousands of pounds, and without it, the rain -- the  trains cannot run.

 Cable theft will shut down the railway and to we can  work out what has happened and where.

 Network Rail is very good at  doing that quickly, but in the meantime it means our train  services have to effectively go around the problem, be diverted, or  come to a stop.

 Today the Association of Train Operating  Companies has revealed there was a 40% rise in rail vandalism and  theft in the UK last year.

 Now the companies are fighting back.

 The  CCTV cameras have been here at Didcot Parkway for the best part of  a decade.

 But Network Rail now wants to improve security between  it the stations.

 Hidden cameras have been set up at places where  vandals and thieves keep coming back.

 Bosses hope their campaign  will keep the trains moving and save money.

 As crime costs the  industry millions of pounds every year.

  Almost 1,000 children in Oxfordshire are on a waiting list  to become Scouts, Cubs, Beavers or Brownies.

 More than 800 of them are  boys on waiting lists to join the Scouts.

 Organisers say the long  delay is due to a lack of adult volunteers and are hoping more  people will come forward to help.

 Archaeologists working on the  Bicester eco-town development in Oxfordshire have made a surprising  discovery.

 They've unearthed 12 skeletons on the site of the new  community centre.

 It is thought the remains date from late Anglo-Saxon  times.

 The skeletons have been sent for tests to find out exactly how  old they are.

 Music students from Oxford  University have created a child- friendly opera to try and get  primary school pupils interested in the classical art form.

 They're  also running workshops in an attempt to draw children away from  their PlayStations and into the playhouses.

 Joe Tidy went to see  how they're getting on.

 Magical talking golden fish.

 This  is opera for the younger generation.

 Schoolchildren from all over  Oxfordshire have been invited to St John's College in Oxford for a  special interactive performance called The Golden Fish.

 Most of the  children knew nothing of this classical Italian art form, which  is a far cry from the 3 D cinema entertainment they used to.

 What do  they make of it? I really like music, and then I find I like  acting as well.

 I think opera is kind of both together, so I might  like it.

 I really enjoy it.

 It is really fun.

 The project is being  run by music students from Oxford University, alongside a Garsington  Opera team.

 They have really gone for it.

 Hopefully it is a really  lovely experience for everyone involved, including me.

 I have been  out of my comfort zone as well, it has rarely challenged us.

  university students are being marked by their lecturers, but that  they were up to the children, they would will get full marks.

  In football, Swindon Town's top scorer Charlie Austin says he wants  to leave the club and has handed in a written transfer request.

 He's  scored 17 goals for the Robins this season.

 He's attracted interest  from a host of teams since arriving from non-league Poole Town in 2009.

  The MK Dons have a chance to boost their promotion hopes with a game  against Plymouth in League One this

 Welcome to BBC News.

 There's been  an explosion at a Japanese nuclear power station damaged in  yesterday's massive earthquake.

 Clouds of smoke could be seen  rising above the fueksheema nuclear site north of Tokyo.

 Japan's  nuclear safety agency says the explosion is unlikely to have  caused serious damage to the reactor itself.

 In a moment we talk  live to our correspondents in Japan.

 First this report from our world  affairs correspondent, Mike Wooldridge.

  The explosion at the nuclear power station, captured on Japanese  television appears to have destroyed a building housing the  reactor, according to the latest reports.

 The utility running the  plant says four workers suffered fractures and bruises and are being  treated in hospital.

 What's not clear at the moment, and critically  important, is what's in the clouds we see here, rising from the  damaged plant.

 It's not quite clear yet exactly what was inside that  cloud.

 That's really the key issue is to how much radiation was  released during this explosion.

 nuclear complex is about 150 miles  north-east of Tokyo.

 It's the number one plant giving rise to all  the concern.

 The authorities initially told residents living  within a ten kilometre radius that they should evacuate the area.

  That's been widened to 20 kilometres.

 The earthquake damaged  the plant's cooling system.

 Experts say although the reactors appear to  have been shut down safely after the earthquake, they still feed to  be cooled constantly to avoid a melt down of the core.

 In the  latest development Japan's nuclear safety agency says the explosion is  unlikely to have caused any serious damage to the reactor itself.

 These  pictures of deaf railed trains from the region, hardist -- hardest hit  by the disaster, around Sendai, are a graphic illustration of the  destructive power of the combination of the biggest quake  ever recorded in Japan and the tsunami that surged inland in its  aftermath, sweeping all before it.

 A petrochemical complex near Sendai  still burns, well after 24 hours after earthquake.

 The authorities  are only beginning to make an assessment of the scale of the  damage and with so much still under water, it will be a long time  before an accurate forecast will be made of the cost of reconstruction.

  For now, and probably for days to come, it's still the search for  survivors that has priority and rescue workers are making their way  through the murky debris-strewn waters in boats and by any other  means of transport available to look for people.

 Although Tokyo is  250 miles away from the epicentre, it was shaken hard by the  earthquake.

 Its transport systems remain seriously affected and its  people deeply worried.

 We can talk to our correspondent  Damien Grammaticus, one of the first journalists to reach Sendai,  the epicentre of the quake.

 What can you see? I've just got here not  long ago.

 We have made our way down to near the seafront where the  tsunami swept in.

 It's quite astonishing, the devastation here,  the as we drove down, we saw shipping containers that had been  swept, hundreds of metres inland, smashed against buildings.

 There's  trees uprooted, debris everywhere and dozens and dozens, hundreds of  cars that have been tumbled over, smashed and crushed.

 Also  articulated lorries, picked up, dumped in a ditch, one next to me,  one in front of me, down the road here one with the front smashed in  too.

 Way down in the distance, there are fires burning nearer to  the seafront.

 A flare going off now down there.

 What of people? Have  you seen any survivors? People trying to get away from the areas?  Well, in this area, there are people who are sheltering in their  houses.

 They are sitting there by candle light.

 In the city centre of  Sendai, further back, that has been pretty much unscathed.

 But back  there, the problem you find, as we came in, there's little electricity,  there's almost no water.

 There's no gas.

 The city is almost dark.

  There's just light in places.

 And people are finding things very,  very difficult.

 On the way here too, many, many shops closed,  supermarkets closed, petrol stations closed.

 In this area,  where I am, they say many people died from the tsunami and there are  many who are still looking for those family members they've lost.

  Thank you.

 Sendai was the epicentre of that  earthquake, our correspondent nick rave rave -- Nick Ravenscroft is 60  miles north.

 He joins me on the line now.

 What is the situation  there? We were heading towards the nuclear facility when we were  stopped by the police, some distance away, much further than  the ten kilometre exclusion zone.

 We witnessed queues of traffic in  the opposite direction, leaving the area, including bus loads of people.

  The army had a presence there, making loud Speaker announcements.

  It was a calm and orderly evacuation.

 We have moved further  away from the nuclear facility.

 In the town where we are at the moment,  people are still concerned.

 One man has just told me the latest  information he says from the government is that the exclusion  zone has been widened again.

 So people here in this town are  worried that before long, it will be widened once more and they will  be told that they have to evacuate.

 They simply don't know where taid  go.

 Are you getting any information from what's going on at the nuclear  plant at the moment? No, we're not.

 I think at the moment, it's an  effort to try and get information by the Japanese nuclear authorities.

  It's a difficult situation and really at the moment they're trying  to get to the bottom of what caused this radio active leak, how  extensive it has been and I think, until the next day or so, we're not  going to get clear answers on that.

 But from the scenes I witnessed  earlier today, it's clear that they think that there is the potential  for this to be quite serious, so they are not taking any chances,  which is why they keep widening the evacuation zone.

 Thank you.

 Let's  get the latest from Tokyo.

 Roland Burke is there for us.

 What's been  the Japanese Government response? The Prime Minister flew over the  affected areas by helicopter today.

 He said that he saw houses swept  away, all up the coast and fires in many places.

 He has described it  tonight as an unprecedented natural disaster.

 Here in Tokyo, badly  shaken, but largely undamaged, people have been behaving pretty  normally, behaving calmly on the outside at least.

 When you go into  the supermarkets and convenience stores here, many shelves are  stripped of food, showing the worry there is despite the calm exterior  of people here.

 Thank you.

  Our environment analyst Roger hair bin joins me now.

 Talk us through  what we know is going on now.

 me paint you a picture of the plant.

  If you consider it as a big wooden box, the outer shell and think of a  vacuum flask inside as steel core.

 What's happened is that the cooling  system to the steel core, the business end of the reactor, has  failed because of the tsunami.

 And the back-up system has failed.

 We  don't know why.

 Things are starting to overheat.

 Overnight the Japanese  government vented some steam in the bigger structure, the box if you  like, in order to reduce the pressure.

 That hasn't worked.

 There  were these very dramatic pictures this morning, where we saw the roof  of that box blowing off and some radio active material released.

 At  the moment the Japanese authorities are saying that the material is not  highly radio aifbgt and that the core itself, the pressure flask bit  appears to not have been breached.

 That's the key thing.

 If that melts  down, that's very serious indeed.

 Thank you.

  In other news, the Arab League is holding an emergency meeting in  Cairo later to address the crisis in Libya.

 They're expected to  discuss support ing the imposition of a no fly zone.

 In Libya rebel  forces are reported to have been forced to retreat from the  outskirts of Ras Lanuf after

 A suspended prison sentence for the  Somerset firemen whose sirens caused a herd of cattle to stampede,  killing a farmer.

 Hello, welcome to Spotlight.

 Julian Lawford was also  banned from driving for a year.

 A full report in a moment.

 Also ahead  tonight, a powerful testimony from a victim of domestic abuse.

 She  tells Spotlight threatened out which services in Devon saved her  life.

 -- at which services.

 totally believe North Devon Women's  Aid saved my life.

 I could have taken my life, then there would I  be.

 Locals wanted him to stay but a judge tells us what a Bill Davies  to pack his bags.

 And getting everything shipshape as country's  youngest lifeboat station manager takes up her post.

  As Somerset firemen has been given a four-month suspended prison  sentence and banned from driving for a year for causing the death of  a farmer.

 Julian Lawford used his sirens to clear cattle from a road  while on an emergency call.

 The animals stampeded, crushing 75-  year-old Harold Lee.

 He died from his injuries.

 Today, Mr Lee's sons  had this reaction.

 I want him to own up to his own guilt, which she  did, he pleaded guilty to careless driving.

 He has had his licence  taken away so he will not make the mistake again.

 Hopefully he will  learn from his mistakes.

 It is a horrible lesson.

 The fire service  in general have learned a lesson as well.

 Hopefully they can make  things right.

 The firemen, Julian Lawford, was charged with causing  death by careless driving.

 It is thought to be the first prosecution  of its kind in the country.

 At Somerset reporter Clinton Rogers  has been assessing its implications.

 SIRENS BLARE.

 Tonight, alarm bells  of concern will be ringing in every emergency service.

 Martin Snell is  a retired police chief inspector and head of traffic.

 He says the  case will make many 999 drivers very nervous and that could well  affect their response to future emergencies.

 Fire and ambulance  have a union representation.

 Police have a federation.

 They're going to  advise members.

 The bottom line is the word service in all the  services and Joe Public expect a good service and sometimes this is  going to hinder fast response.

 Glastonbury firemen Julian Lawford  pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving, he admitted that  his actions on this country road in August 2009 caused the death of  farmer Harold Lee.

 When the fire engine came face-to-face with this  herd of cattle and Mr Lawford turned on his sirens to clear them,  they stampeded.

 75-year-old Mr Lee was trampled.

 He died from his  injuries days later.

 Today, the National Farmers' Union defended  the right of farmers to walk cattle along the public highway.

 They try  and avoid it wherever possible in today's very busy conditions, but  they have to do it and long may they go on doing so.

 If we stop  moving animals on the road over short distances, we have huge  problems.

 But the question is when is this -- where does this case  leave you and me as car drivers.

 Suppose I Blair my horn and as a  result of that a horse rider falls off and gets badly injured, my tie  then be prosecuted? I think it depends on the circumstances in  which you use that poor.

 If you use it appropriately I hope you would  not be in any trouble.

 If you use it in appropriately, such as road  rage, you could get yourself in trouble.

 Julian Lawford remains  suspended while Devon and Somerset firemen rescued decide what action  to take.

 In the meantime they say driver training will continue to  reinforce the need to balance get into an emergency quickly with  public safety.

 A victim of domestic violence says  she would be dead if it wasn't for the average services in Devon that  are facing closure.

 Yesterday Spotlight learnt that Devon County  Council is proposing to completely withdraw funding from three  domestic violence projects which could cost 50 jobs.

 North Devon is  one of the areas which will be hardest hit.

 Our reporter Andrea  Ormsby has been talking to one victim about her experiences.

  Domestic chores in a home finally freaked of abuse.

 This woman does  not want to be identified, we will call her Jane, but that is not her  real name.

 I was constantly being humiliated, belittled, run-down,  accused, it used, the threats -- abused, the threats of being hit,  punched, kicked, slapped, pinched, shot, cut into many million pieces  and set on fire is horrendous.

 After 13 years Gen -- Jane finally  turned to the north do that -- North Devon Women's Aid project and  she credits them with more than just turning her life around.

  totally believe that North Devon's Women's Aid saved my life.

 If he  had not taken my life it might have come to the end where I took my own  life and then where would my children be.

 The news the group  could lose all its funding from Devon County Council is devastating  to Jane.

 Although the council says it will continue to protect the  most vulnerable people in refuges, Jane believes there are missing the  point.

 We are the most vulnerable, we are the ones who are out here,  still open.

 We haven't got a safe house and Refugees can only take a  certain amount of people.

 We can still be contacted and we have got  to be.

 It is totally wrong.

 proposal to cut £1 million  affecting not just north Devon but two of the sentence in Devon --  centres in Devon will be discussed again by councillors on Monday.

 For  them, a message from J.

 I certainly think they are dicing with death,  every do.

 If these women can't get support there is going to be more  murders, more suicide and if we can't come of it -- if we can't be  the parents we want to be, our children will follow the same  pattern.

 Devon County Council's proposals will bring savings of £1  million.

 It will mean three domestic violence projects in the  county been complete Willie was gone.

 The Conservative-run  authority says the cuts have been forced on it due to reductions in  grants from central government and it is promising that funding will  remain for refuges where the most vulnerable people live.

 Opposition  parties say this is the wrong cut up the wrong time.

 We must not let  it happen, so I think it is very important that from all quarters of  the community, whatever our political allegiances, wherever we  live, I hope we make it clear to the county council and its  administration that this simply is not acceptable.

 It has got to be  reversed.

 That is what I'm hoping we will do on Monday.

 This news  highlights that we are now at the time whether decisions are being  made on whether cuts will come.

 Our political editor Martyn Oates is  with us.

 The details of how these cuts are likely to play out in  Devon is now where the attention is focused.

 Exactly.

 If we look at the  proposals as they stand, they range from some increases for things like  social care for the elderly and disabled the children in care,  children with special needs, and extra two-and-a-half million pounds  to help fix pot holes, through to the departments facing quite severe  cuts and it looks as though the children and young people's budget  is going to take the biggest hit, losing £14 million next year.

 Not  everybody on the Camden Council is happy about that.

 I am concerned  that politically pot holes are more popular the children and services  for children and their belief in fact that extra money is being put  into repairing potholes, whereas it -- you cannot repair a child's life  chances quite so easily.

 A powerful point being made.

 How has the  Conservative administration reacted? The council leader says if  you look at the £14 million cut from children's services, that  includes a big chunk of central government money which has already  been taken away, so if you subtract that then children's services are  taking the same could has other departments.

 Councillors will be  able to discuss these cuts and the leadership has made it clear the  overall total of nearly £55 million is not up for debate, so if people  suggest reductions in some areas, they will have to suggest the axe  falls somewhere else.

 He will keep this are The Politics Show on  Sunday at midday.

 A Plymouth mother has voiced their  anger over plans to close her little respite as the City.

 It  comes after the Prime Minister was accused of not doing enough to help  families who need respite.

 Jan Halifax -- Jan Halifax's 31-year-  old daughter is looked after by the Welby Unit once a month but it is  planned to close.

 We can ride out the card for Simon.

  31-year-old learned -- Emma Halifax has learning difficulties.

 She is  looked after at home by her parents but spends one night's a month at  the Welby Unit in Plymouth.

 Her mother had been fighting to keep  the facility open but last November a decision was made to close it.

  She says parents need to respite to be able to care for their children.

  We need them to listen, not just to the parents but people like Emma,  and allow them to have some quality of life and for us to have a bit of  a break to do normal things.

 consultation that has been held on  this is something that does need to be questioned and the views of  residents and their families does not appear to have been taken into  account.

 Plymouth City Council says don't -- families will have  personalised per budgets to spend on a range of facilities.

 They say  closing Welby will save money and it was not fit for purpose.

 That  money will be spent modernising alternative centres.

 The current  financial position for the Lutsk authority, for every local  authority, we have to make very difficult decisions and this is one  of those.

 But for Emma, Welby has been a place where her voice has  always been heard.

 The staff has been absolutely brilliant, very  supportive.

 They listen and that is all I want, people who listen to me.

  Later in the programme to the RNLI's youngest lifeboat station  manager tells us why it is in her blood, plus rescue services flocked  to a cliff in Cornwall in a bid to save these sheep.

 Stay with us to  find out what happened.

 And a few hard knocks, the sport of  lacrosse proving a hit with students in more ways than one.

  The resumption of tungsten mining on the Plymouth side of Dartmoor  has taken a step forward.

 The Australian company hoping to reopen  Hemerdon mine has updated its up -- is planning concern with the  blessing of the county council and the government.

 Wolf Minerals are  putting together the results of a feasibility study which they were  used to try to raise the capital to restart commercial extraction.

  would have thought if tungsten values continue to increase they  will get that money and we will see this mine Open in the next couple  of years, jobs will be created.

 It will be noisy for some local people  and some householders will lose their households under that is very  sad, but 200 jobs as a lot and it is a contribution to the local  economy.

 Plymouth-based HMS Chatham is visiting her last UK port this  weekend before she is decommissioned.

 The Type 22 frigate  was built on Tyneside and she has returned to North Shields.

 She will  be back in Plymouth later this month and decommissioned in  February.

 Chatham is one of four Devonport based Type 22s being axed  because of defence cuts.

 A squatter who has won local  support after moving into an empty house in south Devon has been  ordered to leave, but he is claiming a partial victory.

 Bill  Davies has been illegally living in a cottage in Harberton near Totnes  the two months.

 Many of the locals got behind him, saying he had  improved the cottage, which was a village eyesore.

  Today was Bill Davies' day in court and he was hoping to make a point.

  He has been living in what could be a dream property in Harberton and  the locals have dubbed it Eyesore Cottage because of its shabby look  after 30 years unoccupied.

 Mr Davies told the judge she had moved  in to make a statement about empty properties as much as to have a  roof over his head.

 I have known it has been empty for a long time and  it has been irritating, not just for me but for the villagers.

  Because it is alienating having a placed abandoned.

 The cottage is  owned by 89-year-old Joan Melbourne.

 She inherited his 30 years ago and  she lives in Middlesex.

 The solicitor for Mrs Melbourne told  the court that the property has not been used much in recent years due  to her client's ill health and the death of her husband.

 She said that  although it -- that will remain the case for a little time but she does  plan to have the property refurbished and done up.

 District  Judge Andrew Walker said Mr Davies had no right to live at Church  Cottage, but rather than order him out immediately he gave him 14 days  and refused Mrs Melbourne's request for £1,700 in costs.

 Mr Davies sees  that as a partial victory.

 I think he is saying to people with  properties that are left empty that they are not looked upon in a good  light.

 The third part of Mr Davies' £150 CORE fee will be paid lot by  locals, one of whom was in court today.

 The general feeling is that  is a shame it has been left to rack and ruin when Bill Davies moved in,  people said it was a good idea.

 Davies will take up an offer of  A special animal rescue team have been praised after successfully  saving seven sheep which had been trapped on a Cornish cliff side for  two days.

 They had been chased off the cliff near Porthleven by dogs  and there have been calls for people to take more care when  walking near farm animals.

 The sheep have been stuck on this  Clifford two days and two nights.

 Two of the sheep had been marooned  on a narrow ledge 100 ft above the sea.

 Initially there were three,  but one was lost overnight.

 Today, a special RSPCA rescue team arrived.

  Together with the coastguards, they began a complicated rescue.

 Three  men were sent down to keep the animals contained.

 Another then cut  a path through the cliff overhang.

 The overhang was making it  impossible for the sheep, normally sure footed, to climb back up.

  After a lot of coaxing, the animals at scrambled and were pushed to  safety.

 For the next rescue, the sheep stuck much further down, the  RSPCA decided to use special bags.

 As the tide was coming in, the  Penlee lifeboat stood by in case anybody, animal or human, lost  their footing.

 Half an hour later, the first cheap was in the bag and  could be hoisted to the top.

 Three hours after the rescue began, all  seven sheep were on farmland.

 second pair on the ledge, it was  very loose and we kept losing our footing.

 There was lots of loose  rock coming down on to ask.

 It is extremely difficult.

 The animals  are fine.

 They had been down there a long time.

 Two days and two  nights.

 How long do you think they could have survived? Of a I am not  sure.

 A much longer.

 Local people had seen the animals being chased  by a dog and maybe this caused them to go over the side.

 We were  holding our breath watching out.

 Time for the sport now.

 Here's  Heidi Davey.

 Good evening.

 We start with  football, and Exeter City midfielder Ryan Harley is leaving  the club to join Championship side Swansea on a three-and-a-half-year  deal.

 Harley is out of contract at the end of June but part of the  deal will see him return to Exeter on loan for the rest of the season.

  Although he will not be playing against Walsall at St James's Park.

  Plymouth Argyle hope to reproduce the winning form they showed at MK  Dons midweek when they visit Charlton Athletic.

 Yeovil Town try  to make it six games without defeat and without conceding a goal when  they host Rochdale.

 And Torquay United aim to catch up the teams  occupying the League One play-off places by beating Gillingham at  Plainmoor.

 The Cornish Pirates strive to  continue their unbeaten run in the British and Irish Cup at Newport  tonight.

 It's a different story for Plymouth Albion, though, as they  still hunt those elusive first points at Worcester tomorrow.

 The  Exeter Chiefs need a win at Montpellier on Saturday if they are  to qualify for the last eight of the European Challenge Cup.

 Fly-  half Ryan Davis is only too aware how vital the No.

 10 shirt is with  Gareth Steenson his rival for the sport.

  Now, another American export seems to be making an impact in this  country.

 The sport of lacrosse is proving a hit with British students,  especially in the south-west, with an increasing number of clubs and  leagues.

 Dave Gibbins has been to find out more.

  This is North American culture transferred to Devon.

 The national  summer sport of Canada is played between two teams of ten players  who hold a stick which has a loose mesh at the top.

 With the stick, or  crosse, the players catch and throw a hard, rubber ball with the aim of  scoring a goal.

 It is a sport which has captivated the University of  Exeter, who have been promoted to the Universities League Premier  Division under the tutelage of a coach from Seattle, one of just two  North American coaches in this country.

 There are a lot of  talented athletes.

 On our winning side we have a lot of teams  Scotland athletes.

 I am helping to develop the team and make us more  successful.

 That is why they brought me over.

 They are rapidly  improving.

 Most of them started in university.

 A couple of them  started before.

 They are picking it up very quickly.

 A decade ago,  lacrosse was played by ten universities in Britain.

 Now just  two do not play the sport, a measure of how much its popularity  has grown.

 This is lacrosse at its very best.

 It is sweeping across  Britain, particularly at universities.

 It is hard, very fast  and physical.

 The University of Exeter happen to be very good at it.

  At the moment they are leading Oxford University by 4-2.

 Lacrosse  appeals to young sportsmen and women who like the going tough.

  That description fits the University of Exeter team perfectly.

  By the way, they went on to beat Oxford University 8-2.

  And before I go, good luck to the Plymouth Raiders this weekend.

 They  are away to the Glasgow Rocks on Sunday night.

  Dozens of portraits of some of the most influential figures in  Dorset's past have gone on show at the County Museum.

 George III is  depicted in one painting.

 He was a regular visitor to Weymouth.

 Simon  Clemison takes a look at a hall of fame from the 1700s.

  These are the faces of the men and women who had a hand in the history  of Dorset.

 They were the movers and shakers in the 18th century.

 And in  many ways they helped shape the county we know today.

 The 1700s  were the years of change.

 The countryside was redefined, towns  rebuilt, the people and the place evolved.

 And the legacy of powerful  landowners and architects lives on.

 It was the rise of the great  country house that we now know.

 A lot of the houses were rebuilt in  the modern style.

 Hunting as well was being established, which  brought a big change to the countryside.

 There was land  enclosure, agricultural improvements - maximum every  possible way of life, the 18th century was very significant.

 The  portraits on these walls represent people who were involved in that  huge century of change.

 But the greatest social stature here,  George III.

 He ran the British Empire from Weymouth during summer  months and put this seaside town and its perceived health benefits  on the map.

 His very presence would attract even more influential  figures to the county.

 And again, the architecture followed.

 The  King's brother, the Duke of Gloucester, had this House built on  the seafront, so George III had somewhere to stay while he was in  Dorset.

 But in this hall of fame, one man who is completely unknown.

  108 year-old Thomas Coombes, a Dorset boatman.

 Hogarth, no less,  painted his portrait.

 Why? Well, among the theories is his age.

  Being over 100 was considered quite an achievement in those days.

 As it  is now.

 The North Devon woman whose family  have worked for the Royal National Lifeboat Institution for five  generations has become Britain's youngest ever lifeboat station  manager.

 Yes, Lauren McGuire is now  responsible for the day-to-day management of Clovelly lifeboat  station, its crew and all the rescue missions.

  There has been a lifeboat at Clovelly since 1870 and more than  140 years on, there is a new face in charge.

 27-year-old Lauren  McGuire is the new lifeboat operations manager.

 She is the  youngest person in the history of the RNLI to do the job.

 I think it  is important to do something you feel part of, and which is  important.

 The RNLI provide an essential service in this area and  across the country, and it is great to be part of that.

 Even now I can  take up a percentage of my time, it is easily worked around work.

 I do  exactly the same as the rest of the crew.

 They all have full-time jobs  and do this on the side.

 Lauren is a local girl, and first joined the  lifeboat crew when she was 17.

 After working as a teacher up-  country, she has now moved back home, and her new role with the  lifeboats sees her continuing a long family tradition spanning more  than 100 years.

 My family has been involved pretty much from the start.

  My great-grandfather was a coxswain for the lifeboats.

 My great  grandmother and my grandmother were then part of the Guild, looking  after the fund-raising and the organising of general events.

 My  grandfather was in the crook in the 1960s and my mother looks after the  fund-raising will my dad is part of the shore crew.

 Lauren is great  news.

 She has been selected for the position on merit, but she brings  many qualities.

 She's efficient, she gets things done, she is  pleasing to work with.

 And she is popular with the chaps.

 Like the  lifeboat crew members, the posters are voluntary position.

 Loram is  hoping to continue the life-saving work at this historic lifeboats  station for many years to come.

 It certainly is in her blood! Let's  see what the weekend weather has in Good evening.

 The weather for the  last few days has been a photographer's dream.

 Light, frosty  mornings a beautiful blue skies.

 Tomorrow we hold onto some sunshine  but the main trend has been moved from Saturday into Sunday is fit to  gradually cloud over.

 Already, the big hole we had in the cloud  earlier in the week is filling in.

 All the cloud streaming down the  North Sea at the moment will come round the corner and head towards  us overnight and through tomorrow.

 High pressure is moving ever so  slowly, very gently, westwards.

 This weather front comes round the  corner, as I mentioned.

 That brings more cloud in through the Channel,  across the Channel Islands and towards us tomorrow.

 By Sunday,  that weather front is still through the English Channel and by then it  will have introduced a lot of cloud over most of the South West.

  Although high pressure is still in charge, it means generally cloudy  conditions for the start of next week.

 You can see how that lump of  cloud has been travelling down in the last few hours.

 Earlier today  we had almost unbroken sunshine of the many parts of the South West.

  This was Haldon Hill, where our can remain, Keith, caught a frost this  morning.

 -- our cameraman.

 Tucked in under the hedgerows, that frost  hasn't gone today in places, despite the sunshine.

 It has been a  lovely sunny day for many of us.

 Just a little bit of high level  cloud making the sunshine hazy at times.

 It also gave us a glorious  sunset to end the day.

 This evening and tonight, for all of us it will  be a cold one.

 Widespread overnight frost and turned it is already down  to minus one and minus two.

 Probably dropping down to minus  four, even minus five again.

 Very similar to what we saw last night.

  Also has a mist and fog forming in river valleys, eastern parts of  Devon and across the Somerset Levels.

 Tomorrow morning, we have a  grey start the East, particularly in Cornwall and West Devon.

 We hold  onto the sunshine for most of the day, but always more cloud coming  in.

 It will be patchy at first but as we move into the evening and the  back end of the afternoon, would generally it becomes cloudy.

  Temperatures tomorrow will probably get out -- get up to four or five  degrees in Somerset.

 Further west, up to seven degrees.

 Slightly more  wind coming in from the North or North West.

 The Isles of Scilly  hold onto some sunshine, but the A cloudy day on Sunday.

 Next week  is relatively quiet with a lot of cloud but it should be less frosty  during the night time.



 Welcome to East Midlands today.

 Our  top story: the city of Derby unveils it's toughest-ever budget.

  Care homes and youth centres will close and hundreds will lose their  jobs.

 It's a slash and burn budget.

 We are cutting services across the  city.

 There's lots of things that they are proposing to close and  most are unfortunately unnecessary.

 Also, a rare TV appeal to find a  foster family for seven-year-old Adrian.

 Adrian gives back as much  as he's given.

 If you spend the time with him, then you get that  back 110%.

 Hollywood beckons.

 Movie-makers scramble to sign the  undercover cop Mark Kennedy.

 Plus, find out why dogs like these are  travelling 2,000 miles just to find Good evening.

 Welcome to Thursday's  programme.

 First, a council says it has to lose nearly £27 million from  its budget.

 Derby City Council says nearly 600 people could be made  redundant against their will.

 Services are now under threat right  across the board.

 Councillors met last night to hammer out the  details.

 A sunny day today in Derby, but the outlook's not so sunny for  jobs and services in the city.

 The council has confirmed it's looking  at £60 million of cuts over the next four years.

 £27 million of  that immediately.

 Unprecedented in the council's history.

 It will mean  not only up to 570 compulsory council job cuts, but also the  possible closure of two care homes, plus ten youth centre and  children's centres.

 All this at a time when the council house itself  has closed for a 43 million make- over.

 I think it's a disgusting  idea, especially as they are spending all the money on the new  building to get rid of a load of staff.

 They are cutting it the  wrong way.

 It's not the people in the offices, it's the people who  are sweeping the streets and keeping it clean and things like  that.

 I think they are cutting in the wrong discretion.

 It's got to  happen because we can't keep spending money we haven't got.

  services like young people's centres and care homes in the fire  line, the Labour group has described it as a slash and burn  budget affecting young and old alike.

 The cuts that they are  proposing don't add up because we can actually save 118,000 a year by  keeping care homes in the public sector.

 But the council leaders say  despite numerous appeals to the Government, they've no option but  to make budget cuts.

 The longer they delay, the more jobs are at  risk.

 The simple fact is we have to save nearly £27 million by the 1st  April.

 That has got to be delivered, because we won't get the money from  Government.

 The council says it wants the budget finalised as soon  as possible, so staff and those in services relying on council funding  know exactly where they stand.

 James joins us now from Derby.

 Good  evening to you.

 Why the rush to save this £27 million? That is what  nearly half of the entire figure for four years' savings? Absolutely.

  Derby, like all councils across the East Midlands, has found it's got  two years of cuts piled into the first year.

 The point is that  they've got to get their budgets sorted in time for the next  financial year, in April.

 The council's keen to make sure that it  is sorted, agreed and implemented by that point.

 Otherwise, they will  come under pressure from the Government who will want to know  the reason why they've not sorted it.

 On the subject, by the way, of  the council house, the council insist that by doing the  refurbishment they'll help to save money because ultimately that will  deliver savings.

 Do we have any idea about the precise timetable on  all this? Yes.

 The council here is insistent that this is all still up  for public consultation.

 It's only a proposal at the moment, this  budget.

 It's not yet sorted, but in the end, they'll have to make an  agreement on it.

 That is likely to be on March 2nd, probably the -- at  a meeting over there, because the council building is closed.

 We'll  leave it there.

 Thank you.

 The impact of council cuts is also  hitting people who pay for home care services.

 Some people who rely  on carers to wash and dress them in their own homes face a big hike in  their charges.

 One couple will see their monthly bill treble because  their savings exceed the limit.

 74- year-old John Onyett looks after  his wife Margaret in their home since she suffered a stroke.

 They  receive 20 hours of home care every week.

 Because they have savings of  more than £23,000 they are charged by the City Council, but the hourly  rate has gone up from 9.

20 to 11.

50.

 The weekly cap of 81 has been  removed.

 John's monthly bill has jumped from around £300 to just  over £900.

 It's like cutting a vein and it will drain you dry.

 In 12  months, 12,000 has gone.

 It's awful, I think myself.

 In a statement the  Other councils are raising their charges.

 Up to now Derbyshire has  charged nothing, is likely to charge for people on certain  allowances.

 We have to make efficiency savings as well and that  could result in us overspending about 90 million.

 Back in  Nottingham, John feels penalised.

 People have got this idea that  because you have done -- worked all your life and put a bit of money  away, they can afford it, no matter.

 They don't say about the people who  don't go to work at all.

 And who are still dragging money and  getting the same care as what we are.

 The Onyetts are not alone in  Nottingham.

 900 other people in the city will see their charges going  up.

 Still to come: keep that ice skyscaper handy.

 Yes.

 It's going to  be another frosty night, but only a per centage of the region is going  to get to see that frost, so to find out whether or not you'll  knees yours tomorrow morning, join me later.

 -- need yours tomorrow  morning, join me later.

 Next, fostering officials in charge of a  seven-year-old child have taken the highly unusual step of mounting a  television campaign to try and help secure his future.

 Adrian from  Leicester has learning difficulties.

 His carers say he needs help and  support in a family of his own.

 Adrian is seven years old.

 He is  currently living in a specialist children's home after his carer  died.

 Efforts to have him adopted haven't worked, so now he's looking  for a long-term foster home.

 Adrian likes watching DVDs and playing  outside.

 But his carers say that what he really needs is to be with  a family.

 Adrian, he loves life.

 He loves to be involved in life.

 He  loves anything with wheels, cars, trains.

 He loves being involved, so  any hustle and bustle, he wants to be there watching it, if not taking  part.

 Here, there are around 30 children with disabilities who are  waiting for a long-term foster home.

 Adrian is one of very few children  to appear on television in the hope of finding a home.

 It is a big step  to take, obviously, to feature a child on TV.

 We don't take it  lightly.

 We think through all the options.

 We have tried everything.

  Following the death of Adrian's foster carer he's been well looked  after here and happy here, but we need the warmth and family home, so  we'll try everything to find that.

 Adrian gives back as much as he's  given.

 If you spend the time with him then you get that back 110%.

  He's so full of life and loving.

 He's a right character, which is  developing all the time.

 It may be a big step to appear on television,  but for Adrian it could be a big step towards a new home.

 A man has  been arrested for the second time in connection with the murder of a  father outside his Nottinghamshire home eight years ago.

 David  Draycott was shot in Sutton.

 A 54- year-old man was arrested on  Tuesday and questioned.

 He was arrested in December for the same  offence and has now been returned to prison on bail.

 An employment  tribunal has begun dealing with crimes brought by a deputy chief  considerable of Nottinghamshire.

 Howard Roberts returned this  afternoon.

 Last June we revealed he was suing the force's police chief,  Julia Hodson and her Police Authority.

 It's understood he  claims he was victimised for exposing wrongdoing.

 Crime figures  dropped across the East Midlands in the year to last September.

  Nottinghamshire police recorded some of the largest improvements  with a big drop in gun crime.

 But the force is still the worst for  burglaries and still has one of the country's highest overall crime  rates.

 East Midlands GPs have hit back as suggestions they should be  forced to hand over control of orderering the winter flu jab.

 It  comes after half of Derbyshire's surgeries ran out of the vaccine.

  The Government's director of immunisation has said there has  been a mismatch between regions, some had too much and the East  Midlands didn't get enough.

 It looks like swine flu, the main  strain around this winter, has peaked and further evidence of that  tonight, the situation in our hospital critical care units.

 Look  at the latest figures.

 According to NHS sources, there were 28  confirmed patients with H1N1, the strain of swine flu and six  suspected.

 That's 34.

 Compare that with last Thursday.

 The total then  55.

 Those critically ill is going down, but the row meanwhile over  vaccines and their distribution has intensified.

 When it comes to swine  flu and the pandemic some thought the previous Government overreacted,  but the Health Secretary in the new Government has been accused of not  doing enough with seasonal flu.

 The politics of flu.

 More home visits  were done before Christmas after a low jab uptake.

 Then came the high-  profile case of a pregnant woman fighting for her life.

 There was a  rush for jabs.

 In Derbyshire, half of practises ran out.

 At this one  in Bakewell some patients have been waiting two weeks, but the GP there  who represents doctors across the county, says GPs should keep  control of distribution.

 If we can't run a simple vaccination  programme how can we be trusted to commission the whole of medical  care, £80 billion worth? Perhaps you can't? I think we can.

 I think  as a health community we can do this.

 We have been saying for years  that we can run the Health Service in a more efficient way that we  have been.

 The sun was out today in Matlock, but winter's not over yet  and neither is the seasonal flu vaccination campaign.

 Well,  whatever the rights and wrongs on how the vaccine is distributed, the  message from the Government is that people should get innom lated.

  Winter's not -- inoculated.

 Winter's not over and there could  be another peak of cases in the months ahead.

 Let's hope not.

 Thank  you.

 Next, people living a long a stretch of the River Trent in  Nottingham say that the whole area is being ruined by the work that is  being done on the city's flood defence scheme.

 This week, lime and  birch trees are being felled along the Victoria Embankment.

 Some are  mature specimens, nearly 100 years old.

 This has been the site on the  banks of the river twice in the past decade.

 To stop the risk of  floodwaters spreading into the city the council and the Environment  Agency made plans for a new £51 million flood defence scheme.

 They  say a number of trees lining the route have needed to be cut down.

  People who live on the embankment dispute that.

 Now, we are one week  into the beginning of the flood defence preparations and 21 years  have already been cut down.

 What they've done, it is sheer  devastation and completely against the community.

 We are going to have  problems.

 They are carving it up.

 The Environment Agency says the  flood defence scheme was put out to public consultation before work  began.

 We actually strongly believe this current scheme is actually one  of the better schemes for preserving what is such an  important feature in the area, which is the lovely avenue of trees  around the exbankment and we are actually trying to minimise the  number of trees that are lost.

 agency this time last year were  going to build up this section of the wall.

 It could have continued  on to the suspension bridge at a very low level.

 It would have  enhanced the exbankment.

 It's a beautiful structure.

 It wasn't  imposing on anything.

 It would be a good crossing point.

 They are  taking the most distructive path instead of taking the most sensible  and robust defence against floodwaters.

 Currently the  probability of Nottingham flooding is 2% in any given year.

 Once these  works have been completed it will reduce to 1%.

 The family of an 82-  year-old man from Nottingham say they're shocked by his sudden  disappearance.

 Don Samuels from Carlton hasn't been seen for almost  two weeks.

 Today his niece appealed for anyone with information to  contact the police.

 Officers are becoming more concerned for Mr  Samuels' safety, especially in this cold weather.

 There have been long  delays on the A1 near Grantham after a trailer carrying a  speedboat overturned.

 Debris from the brot was strewn across the  south-bound section -- boat was strewn across the south-bound  section.

 No-one was injured in the accident.

 The story's not even over,  but already they are queuing up to make a film of it.

 We are talking  about the undercover policeman who infiltrated a group of eco-  protesters in Nottingham and lived a double life for seven years.

 Mark  Kennedy's role has created uproar in legal and political circles as  we know.

 Naturally, that has got the filmmakers quite excited too.

  Earlier I spoke to one of them, Brian Hill from Century Films and I  asked him why he thought the story was of such interest.

 Well, I think  everybody's talking about this story, so I think it's clearly a  story that has captured the public imagination.

 For me personally, I  think it's -- I'm more interested in getting away from the headlines  and the lurid tales of sex and deceit and I'm very, very  interested in what it must be like to be undercover and lead a double  life for eight years and the psychological strain that put on  somebody.

 I would be interested in talking to Mr Kennedy about that.

  Sure.

 Whoever gets this film, it seems obviously that Mr Kennedy  will undoubtedly profit.

 Some people might feel uncomfortable  about that, for him to profit from this? As far as I know, he hasn't  broken any laws and been charged with any offences, so I think  legally there's not a problem.

 Morally, I don't know.

 We'll have  to talk and find out what it is that he wants to do.

 Is there a  race going on for his signature? think there's very much a race  going on.

 Lots of people are out there looking for Mr Kennedy.

 Lots  of people would like to speak to him.

 And sign him up to do a film,  whether a documentary or a fictionalised account of his life.

  I have heard Hollywood is interested.

 All sorts of people.

  you have an actor in mind? A bitterlyy, but Colin Firth might be  available!.

 He would be very good, I think.

 I don't I have any in mind.

  I don't know whether Mark Kennedy would want to make a documentary or  a fictionalised account.

 I'm fortunate in that I work in both  fields, so I can kind of go either way.

 Brian Hill, thank you very  much.

 If Mr Firth isn't available, I problemly am.

 I can see you in  the role.

 Dreadlocks.

 Coming up, would you give house room to one of  these? They are Podencos, rare hunting dogs and they are being  It's sporting time now.

 You are all safely back from Manchester, Colin.

  Only 36 hours! He walked.

 Starting with the end of a transfer saga.

  Ben Davies, he has made the move from Notts County to Derby.

 It's  been a contentious affair with suggestions that the Rams had  unsettled the player, but now the move is complete in time for him to  play in the big local Derby this weekend.

 Goals like this have made  Ben Davies a hero and Derby have certainly been working hard to  prize him away, much to Notts County's announce.

 Remember what  the Rams' boss had to say last night? We have watched him for the  last 18 months and even before then.

 We feel he's a good player.

 Don't  want to say too much in case Paul gets upset.

 Is he upset? I will  come down and sort him out Nigel's all right.

 It's not just him.

 When  the window opens it is chaos and that's why I don't agree, because  people come in and start cherry- picking your best players.

  wonder he hates this transfer window.

 Not only will they have to  cope with their set-piece hero, but they are fending off interest from  Sheffield United in star striker'ss Lee Hughes and Craig Westcar.

  lose them both it will be a struggle for us again.

 Nigel Clough  gets his man and ahead of the big clash, Forest manager Billy Davies  has been expressing some sympathy for his opposite number.

 Nigel's no  different from anybody else.

 He goes through bad and good periods.

  We have all done it.

 I know the situation.

 The winning manager at  the weekend will be seen as the hero and the losing one the villain.

  It doesn't matter.

 There's a long way to go.

 We plan to be at Pride  Park tomorrow night for the buildup.

 Don't miss it.

 Cricket, and Andy  flowers laid into Nottinghamshire's Samid Patel.

 He said we want tough,  determined cricketers playing for England.

 He's not indicating that  he's capable of that.

 Ever fancied owning a piece of Olypmic  memorabilia? Nathan Robinson has been giving fans a chance.

 He has  been clearing out of the old kit to raise money for two charities.

 At  33 Nathan knows that London 2012 is his last go on the Olypmic stage.

  The culmination of 15 years of practice and competition.

 Not that  he's complaining.

 I would say to all the young players who moan,  they should go down and sit in McDonald's and watch people working  there and know how lucky they are to be professional sports people.

  He has decided it's already time for others to share in some of his  best memories.

 They are 2004 Athens track United States and obviously  each only gets one so they are rare.

 I've won this one, but it's washed  and cleaned, so no-one has to worry.

 He's selling off some of the kits  he's collected from his travels, with the money going to a  children's and world wide bat minute tonne charity.

 I wasn't  afraid to put them on for a high price.

 It's all for charity, so the  Athens track suit, there is only one of those out there, so that was  on for the most money.

 But certainly the signed T-shirts with  my name on the back have been quite popular.

 His prize shirts will  always stay in the family though as he hopes to add to his collection.

  The last one is the 2004 shirt I wore in the final.

 Unfortunately,  losing to the Chinese, but it's still a great memory from that time  and hopefully I'll get the chance in London to get back in the final,  but if I don't, then that will will be the most special.

 He's raised  well over £1,000 so far and with hundreds of kits to choose from,  Nathan may well be auctioning all the way to London 2012.

 Just  finally some, great news for Jocelyn Rae.

 She has been called  into Great Britain's Federation Cup team for the match with Israel at  the start of next month.

 We wish her all the best.

 We do.

 Thank you.

  These beautiful dogs behind us are called Podencos and if you've never  heard of them it's not surprising, because they are found in Spain and  the Canary Islands.

 There, they are used to hunt rabbits, but most have  very shortened and I'm sad to say unhappy lives.

 Sometimes even hung  in trees and left to die.

 But there are those who make it to England.

  This is a happy story.

 It's all thanks to the work of a  Leicestershire family and I've been to meet them.

 They all look happy  enough now, but it wasn't always the case.

 These, believe it or not,  are the lucky ones in Lanzarote, having escaped death and they are  waiting to begin the long journey back to England.

 It costs the  charity about 200 euros per dog to bring them back.

 They have to come  via Germany.

 It's a lot of aggravation, but worth it.

 This is  a dog who has been fostered and still looking and this is lessly,  who organising everything.

 What made you start all this? I think it  was just the total hopelessness of these dogs ever having a chance of  a home.

 What are they like at pets? They are wonderful.

 You can  integrate and mix them with any other animal and they are good with  children.

 As you can see, they adapt very well to life over here.

  Even a Agora who was in a very poor state.

 This is a picture of her,  because she had mange.

 You've had her since October.

 The difference  is amazing.

 Yes.

 I think when you consider that she had been  abandoned in that condition and then spent two years in kennels, to  now have such a lovely trusting, gentle dog, that gaifz so much love  to everybody makes it worth -- gives so much love to everybody and  it makes it worthwhile bringing them over.

 They plan to bring 17  more over here later this year.

 They'll all need somewhere to live,  but that doesn't put Leslie off.

 hope to get them homes, because if  we don't get them a home, then they are never going to have the chance  to get a home.

 They are so lovely.

 Such beautiful ears.

 Half dog and  half bat.

 Soft and simingy.

 Weather time.

 -- soft and silky.

 Weather  time.

 -- soft and silky.

 Weather time.

 We have had quite a cold day  across the East Midlands and the region has been divided.

 We have  quite a nice picture to show you first.

 We have had a bit of a  divide throughout day and we have the clearer excise across the west  of the region and throughout most of the day the eastern side has sat  under quite a lot of cloud.

 The downside for the people in the  clearer skies will be the temperatures will drop drastically.

  We are down to minus four along the west.

 The further east, with the  cloud, more like one Celsius, so hovering above freezing.

 The cloud  clears, so the temperatures will drop by the early hours and also  some mist and fog likely.

 Freezing fog patches around first thing  tomorrow morning.

 It is going to be obviously a very cold and frosty  start for some first thing.

 The fog very slowly starts to lift out of  the region and then we start to see the skies clearing as well.

 Quite a  nice afternoon in store on Friday.

 It is going to be quite a cold day  though.

 The temperatures at around two.

 The winds remaining light as  well.

 But at least a nice sunny afternoon.

 It is going to change as  we get to the weekend.

 Saturday, there's a weak weather front with  us.

 We have high pressure and we can see the isobars are starting to  tighten a little.

 Saturday, the winds remaining quite light.

 Quite  a bit of cloud at times.

 Maybe thick enough to produce a small  amount of drizzle.

 Sunday, more cloud with us and quite a breezy  day in store and then the outlook for the early part of next week  will remain cloudy.

 Richard will be on your radio station.

 Tonight we  are talking CCTV, big brother

 Hello and welcome to BBC Oxford  News.

 In tonight's programme: Turning to a 300-year-old law to  try to convict a gang of murder.

 How Kevin Lavelle's mother wants to  go back to court to get justice for her son.

 They have taken my son's  life away.

 Also keeping her free transport  after a U-turn by the council.

 Could Gillian find other services  are cut instead? And in South Today:  Building their confidence.

 Youngsters with autism are  A woman whose son was killed at a pub in Banbury wants to use a 300-  year-old law to try to bring his killers to justice.

 Kevin Lavelle  was beaten to death in 2004.

 Three men were cleared of murder because  the judge said it was impossible to know who struck the fatal blow.

 Now  Kevin's mother wants to go back to court, using a law that treats all  those involved as jointly liable.

 James Ingham reports.

  Kevin Lavelle was killed inside this pub.

 He got into a fight with  a group of men from South Wales.

 He was hit several times on the head  with a metal bar.

 One of the men was tried for his murder, but the  case collapsed.

 The judge said it could not be proven without doubt  that he'd delivered the blows.

 Six years on, Kevin's mother is still  desperate for justice.

 It is most important for us, because my son  cannot rest properly.

 These perpetrator should not be allowed  to be walking the streets.

 Campaigners want a law called joint  enterprise to be used.

 This could result in the three men who were  most involved in the fight being prosecuted.

 How can a judge say,  you, you or you are responsible for the death of Kevin, but because I  cannot say which one of you are responsible, then you are all free  to walk? The Crown Prosecution Service did  consider using joint enterprise but it decided there was a realistic  chance of convicting one person.

 However, it says it would review  this if the police get new evidence.

 And that's something the police are  still working on.

 I can assure the person or persons responsible for  this, this matter will not be closed.

 He does not matter how long  it takes.

 We will continue to investigate this matter.

 The pub  where Kevin was murdered is now derelict.

 It is being turned into  flats.

 The police are now hopeful that one of the men involved in the  fight will one day break their silence and come forward with the  crucial evidence that they need.

 A free bus services threatened by  council cuts is now likely to be saved.

 Pensioners reacted angrily  to the announcement before Christmas that they could be made  to pay for dial-a-ride buses under county council plans.

 But now after  a U-turn by councillors, the transport could remain free.

 Here's  Emma Vardy.

 Gillian Mellide is one of hundreds  of people in Oxfordshire who use dial-a-ride buses every week.

 All  concessionary bus pass holders are entitled to be picked up from home  for free.

 It has been important for me, because I cannot walk far  unaided.

 It takes me from A to B.

 They pick me up from the door.

 They  dropped me at home.

 Otherwise, would not be able to go out.

  Before Christmas, the county council announced it was planning  to end free access to the bus services, meaning in future,  pensioners would be forced to pay.

 But now, after an unusual reversal  in their plans, councillors are now proposing the the service will  remain free after all.

 We wanted a consistent policy across  Oxfordshire.

 We realise that where those services are available,  people appreciated.

 We want to make it good news for them, and try and  encourage dial a ride service is to work right throughout Oxfordshire.

  The county council will make their final decision next Tuesday.

 But  while dial-a-ride bus travel's now likely to survive, there will still  be cutbacks.

 It's reccommended that funding for  taxi tokens will end from April And free rail cards provided for  pensioners in some areas are also There is still no easy road ahead,  with lots of savings having to be made.

  Oxfordshire could be left with just ONE tip for general rubbish.

 The  county currently has eight household waste recycling centres.

  But the council is proposing to reduce that to five.

 Only one would  have the capacity to take non- recyclable rubbish for landfill,  and that would be based at Kidlington.

  What do you think about the council's rubbish tip plans? How do  you feel about the prospect of driving miles to dump your waste?  We'd like to hear your views.

 The jobless total has fallen.

 In  Swindon, the number of people seeking jobseeker's allowance fell.

  That number was down in Oxfordshire, The future of the Great Western Air  Ambulance, which covers Wiltshire, could be under threat because of  the rising cost of fuel.

 The service is funded by charity.

 The  people who run it say the fuel is costing £2 more per hour than it  did a year ago.

 The service is currently breaking even, but it  says that could change if fuel prices continue to rise.

  An animal rescue centre says it is noticing and in crease in -- an  animal rescue centre says it is noticing an increase in obesity in  horses.

 This rescue Pony is dangerously  obese and needs to lose weight.

 She was given to the Blue Cross when  her owners could no longer keep her.

 She's put on a strict diet with  their the workout.

 We do red bodice got say wrote to five.

 Five is  obese and Sarah is emaciated.

 She had a score of five, which is very  overweight.

 We put her on a specific diet according to her  needs, and an exercise regime.

 fitness programme includes walking  and trotting in circles, and being staged in straight lines to build  balance and burn fat.

 When the grooms are too busy, they have a  special machine that will exercise four horses at once.

 The Blue Cross  says as the cost of living goes up, more horses are being given up.

  Almost half of them are coming in overweight.

 If they do not shed the  weight, they may develop arthritis, had she sees or lung problems.

  Through their programme, the Blue Cross can get rescued horses back  into shape before they are rehoused.

 They are encouraging owners to wait  to watch the horses more thoroughly.

 Oxfordshire's leading the way when  it comes to getting fit, according to a survey by Sport England.

 A  quarter of people in the county play sport or do an activity like  running or cycling at least three times a week.

 That makes it the  second most active county in England, as Jeremy Stern reports.

  This is some of today.

 Two years ago, she was four stone heavier.

  She is now I fitness addict.

 started spinning, and I come five  times a week then go to the gym.

 A not everyone is so committed.

  report has shown that in a one region, people are more supportive  than most.

 In Oxford, one in four people regularly exercise.

 That is  an increase of more than 10,000 people in the past six years.

 The  report shows that Oxfordshire is the second most active county in  the country.

 The aim for everyone is to be more healthy, but  different people have different motivations.

 I am trying to defect,  not fat at 40.

 I enjoy doing different stuff, reaching targets.

  The Oxfordshire Sports Partnership says better organisation and more  opportunities to place bots have made the difference.

 The council  has invested more than £2 million in leisure.

 One thing that has come  out of the consultation is that this is what people want.

 Leisure  centres.

 Leisure is not immune to the financial squeeze.

 Prices at  council gyms in Oxford went up.

 Managers say that despite this,  increasing numbers of people are swapping the SOFA for the saddle.

  The MK Dons remain in the League One play-off places despite a 3-1  home defeat to Plymouth.

 An own

 Welcome to Friday's Reporting  Scotland.

 Tonight: Gail Sheridan is set to follow in Tommy's footsteps  by standing for Parliament.

 The decision has disappointed one  rival for the left-wing vote.

 did not have a better friend in  politics than be, for 30 years.

 To do something like this without even  a text to say he was about to do it, it is a bit dispiriting.

  Healing a hero, the bomb-disposal expert to defused a record 12  devices in one operation.

 It is official, keeping pupils in  at lunchtime is good for their health.

  And the duck and weave with the first female boxer to represent  Scotland.

 Tommy Sheridan's wife Gail looks  likely to stand for a Scottish Parliament in May's Holyrood  elections.

 It is believed she will head the campaign for Solidarity,  the party founded by her husband.

 She will stand against the former  Respect MP George Galloway for receipt, had he is surprised and  hurt by the decision.

 Day after day, at trial after trial,  for better and for worse, she was still loyal wife boosted by her  husband.

 She smiled and held his hand.

 When Tommy Sheridan was found  guilty of perjury, Gail spoke out.

 I have and will always stand by  Tommy.

 Now, Gail Sheridan will face the media alone, as it looks likely  she will stand for Holyrood in her own right.

 She has earned a  reputation for being a bit of a style icon because of her  immaculate appearance.

 But her political profile was raised when  she married Tommy Sheridan in 2,000.

 She was active in the Scottish  Socialist party in 2003, standing for Glasgow City Council.

 She lost  to Labour but dramatically increased the SSP's vote.

 There she  was involved in Solidarity, founded by her husband.

 And during her 25  year career at British Airways as a flight attendant, she acted as a  shop steward.

 But another firebrand of the left, George Galloway, plans  to announce his intention to stand for the Scottish Parliament on  Sunday.

 He says Tommy Sheridan had approached him about his wife  standing with him on the same platform.

 And although he had  reservations.

.

.

 A I am, to be honest, a little hurt and  disappointed by it.

 Tolley did not have a better friend in politics  than me, for nearly 30 years.

 -- Tommy.

 To do something like this  without even a text to say he was about to do it, it is a bit  dispiriting.

 But is there enough room for them both? Observers say  the rivalry could damage their chances.

 Two well-known characters  on the left fighting against each other, it is unlikely to persuade  that many voters that voting for one of the party's is necessarily a  good idea.

 Gail Sheridan's next appearance of public is likely to  be here at the High Court in Glasgow, on its journey that 26,  when her husband is sentenced.

 -- on January 26th.

  The battle for Holyrood has commenced and it looks like the  Glasgow vote could be a lively one.

 An army bomb-disposal expert in  Afghanistan has been hailed for his outstanding bravery after defusing  a record number of explosive devices in one operation.

 Warrant  Officer Iain Martin from Edinburgh made it 12 bombs safe during a high  risk mission in Helmand province.

 Julie Peacock reports.

  This is one of the most dangerous jobs in the army.

 The bomb disposal  team from the Royal Logistic Corps are diffusing improvised explosive  devices in the Helmand Province of Afghanistan.

 With every bomb be  defused, they put their lives on a line.

 -- ve defused.

 But one  soldier's actions have stood out.

 Iain Martin has been called a hero  for defusing 12 devices in one day.

 It is a record number, according to  his commanding officers, and an outstanding achievement.

 Imagine  not knowing if you're going to come back.

 It is a difficult job.

 I take  my hat off to him.

 The work they do is quite remarkable.

 All the more  remarkable when you consider that just ten days ago, Iain Martin's  colleagues -- colleague, Charlie Martin, was killed.

 It is  incredibly difficult for these teams, especially the guys who are  searching at the front.

 They know of the devices are there, they know,  a lot of them have seen their friends and comrades involved in  explosions, regarding these devices.

 It is their job, and they put a  brave face on and get out there and look for them.

 The disposal team  have played a key part in army strategy in Helmand.

 They clear  roads for army vehicles to get through and make large areas of  land safe for local people.

 The army says that the Italian's tour  has been a success because of the bravery of soldiers like Iain  Martin and his team.

 -- the Italian's tour.

  Keeping pupils inside the school gates at lunchtime improve their  diet according to the findings of a pilot project in Glasgow.

 He  secondary schools reported a big uptake in healthy school meals when  they stopped first-year pupils from leaving the grounds at lunchtime.

  Eleanor Bradford reports.

 This is the problem, chips and  burgers are a big drop with schoolkids at lunchtime.

 -- draw.

  But here at St Mungo's Academy, they are not on the staying in  school but eating healthier school meals.

 It was quite frustrating at  first.

 But then, we ran a lot of clubs at lunchtime and I went to a  few of them, so it was not too bad.

 Those clubs were the enticement to  encourage first years to stay in schools.

 Some schools simply banned  them from going had said the gate.

 Not surprisingly, more pupils eight  healthy school lunches.

 But the enjoyed them.

 I think it is better  than going outside.

 It does not occur to me to go outside.

 I just  stay in.

 They are really nice.

 Really nice.

 I love them.

 As well  as being popular with the children, teachers and parents have also seen  the benefits.

 It means that parents are clear their that their children  are going to be here in lunchtime for the full duration of their  break, they are getting a healthy meal, and for the children, the a  good to make friends a lot quicker than they did in the past.

 They  have the opportunity to take part in a number of clubs, go to the  library, computer games etc.

 There has also been unintended benefits,  like reduced truancy and bullying.

 So children who are kept in a much  time eat more healthily.

 While some countries will look at the results  of this study was surprised, including England, because there,  children are not allowed outside school gates at lunchtime, so they  cannot go to the burger van or chip shop.

  You're watching Reporting Scotland from the BBC.

 Still to come before  7 o'clock: Tributes to the lollipop lady who died after being knocked  down by a bus in Ayr.

 And anglers get ready for the start  of the salmon season.

 In sport, DSTL's top scorer Kenny  Miller's next game will be for.

.

.

 I will tell you later.

 And why this  man's next game will definitely not be for Celtic.

 More later.

  Much-loved and with a heart of gold, the tribute paid to a lollipop lady  who died after being knocked down by a bus in Ayr.

 Audrey Williams  was helping children to cross the road outside a primary school in  the town by the accident happened.

 Her family said she had always been  happiest in the company of children.

 Floral tributes to a popular member  of the school community.

 A lollipop lady who was also a friend to the  children and their teachers.

 Some of the children have spent extra  time, writing things that they remember about her, drawing  pictures offer, it is with such honest.

 She had been there for so  many years, they talk about her, asking -- they talked, asking what  sort of day they had had.

 Audrey Williams' family say she was  always happiest in the company of children.

 The accident happened  just before nine o'clock yesterday morning.

 Mrs Williams was knocked  down here by a bus carrying all the children to a nearby secondary  school.

 She suffered head injury and died in hospital last night.

  Life at a school has to carry on and it is always hard to tell the  children about the death.

 Especially the young ones.

 One of  the parents at the school is also a captain in the Salvation Army and  today, he has been trying to help.

 The children are coping remarkably  with the sense of loss they are feeling.

 Really, you're just there,  listening, it has been helping them to cope with the grief they are  experiencing.

 But their parents are feeling the loss of Mrs Williams as  well.

 -- other parents.

 It is a shame.

 We are all sat for her.

  Police are still carrying out inquiries, and the report will be  sent to the Procurator Fiscal.

 A former army recruit has been  cleared of rape at the High Court in Edinburgh at after claiming he  had sex with a teenager while sleepwalking.

 The court heard that  22-year-old James Thomas from Middlefield in Edinburgh tonight  carrying out the attack at a house in Balerno, lodging a special  defence he was asleep at the time.

 The mother of the teenager said the  experience had ruined her daughter's life and described the  defence as ridiculous.

 But the jury found the case not proven and the  judge acquitted Thomas.

 A Icelandic fishing boats are to be  prevented from landing mackerel at European Union ports after our  bowling by Brussels.

 It followed Iceland's decision to increase the  quota of market not unilaterally.

 The row has caused anger within the  Scottish industry.

 Fishermen's leaders welcomed the decision but  said it should have gone further.

 What we need to have his this ban  extended to include all the mackerel products, that is what the  dispute is about.

 We should ban frozen mackerel products coming  into the EU, but also fishmeal, because we know there has been a  huge fish meal fishery in Iceland last year.

 It is simply not backs  are -- -- acceptable.

 Steven Duff is in Peterhead tonight.

 Strong  feelings about this? There is.

 It is still a proposal at  the moment.

 It is a huge buzz like this that go to see for mackerel.

  Just one trips -- wanted can be worth hundreds of thousands of  pounds.

 MacKillop is one of Scotland's most important fisheries.

  This dispute came to light when fishermen blockaded a boat from  landing it's catch a mackerel.

 Since then, there have been togs  after talks with still no agreement between the EU, Iceland and the  Faeroe Islands on proper mackerel quotas.

 The move by the EU on a  possible ban on Icelandic boats, the reason for that lack of  confidence is because quite frankly, very rarely if ever do Icelandic  boats land back at all at EU ports.

 But the very threat of a plan has  not gone down well with some sectors of the Scottish fishing  industry.

 We're very much reliant on having good working  relationships with Iceland.

 They are an independent and well-managed  fishery.

 This is total nonsense, what is going on, banning products  coming into Europe.

 I'm against it.

 It is a wrong move.

 That is Andrew  Charles's view.

 Others will have a different view.

 As for the  Icelandic UWE, a spokesman told us they want to talk, they do not  think the threat of a ban is the way to get an agreement, and they  explained the reason why mackerel has become such an important  fishery for them - in recent years.

 -- for them in recent years.

  Some of the other stories across Scotland this Friday: four  Strathclyde Police officers will receive bravery awards for rescuing  pupils from a school bus crash in South manager.

  They waded into averaging river to save students from the bus, which  crashed in Biggar last March.

 17- year-old pupil Natasha Paton died  in the accident.

 A 24-year-old man and an 18-year-  old woman have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man at  a block of flats in Edinburgh.

 William McPhee was found dead on  Tuesday night.

 Will the McCardle and Chanelle Barrett made no plea  in court and were remanded in custody.

 -- will be a McCardle.

  Scotland's councils will be given an extra £50 million to cope with  the effects of the severe winter.

 Many authorities are facing big  bills to replace a -- repair potholes and damaged payments.

 --  The conditions may be against them, but angler's will still be flocking  to the banks of the River Tay tomorrow as the salmon fishing  season gets under way.

 For the second successive spring, fishermen  are being asked not to keep anything they catch in a bid to  safeguard fish stocks.

 Experts believe that conservation measures  are working.

 On the icy banks of the writ would  -- the River Tay, the local wardens make their final preparations for  the beginning of the salmon season.

 They have been working towards this  day for months.

 It is the Dave when the anglers come in search for the  king of fish.

 It is like Christmas.

 It is a buzz.

 You get phone calls  leading up to the start of the season.

 It is a real buzz for the  young than the old.

 The original plan for tomorrow was  that these boats would move along the river.

 The weather has had its  say.

 The high water level means the plans have had to be changed.

 This  season begins with optimism after some lean times.

 Concerns about  dwindling salmon numbers meant that, for the first time, fishermen were  asked to put back every single salmon they caught up last spring.

  One swallow does not mess is a playmaker some are and we will be  asking anglers to release all the spring salmon they catch from the  River Tay this year.

 If you put a hen fish back in the river, it has  more of a chance of surviving along with XX.

  Technology is proving invaluable.

 Those competing will be relying on  their mobile phones as much as they're rods.

 They know that,  without a proud pause, their efforts will be written off as no  more than a tall tale.

 A 72-year-old judo expert from  Edinburgh has been awarded the second most prestigious Japanese  decoration.

 George Kerr was art award -- awarded the Order of the  Rising Sun at a ceremony in the capital.

 It is in recognition of  his outstanding contribution to the promotion of judo and to mark  understanding between Japan and the Here is David it with more sport.

  Birmingham City still want to sign Kenny Miller from Rangers, even  though they have had a bed accepted from Tottenham for Robbie Keane.

  Fiorentina are also interested.

 Despite the uncertainty, he will be  back in a Rangers shirt against Hamilton Accies tomorrow.

  Kenny mower is still in the Rangers fault seven days after Birmingham  City got the go-ahead to sign him.

 -- Kenny Miller.

 His manager  intends to use him when he can.

 is still a Rangers player.

 I felt  the other night that he should be involved in the game tomorrow.

  Have you taken the reaction of the fans into account? I pick what I  think is the best team to play.

 The fans cannot complain in any way  about the way Kenny Miller has played since he came here.

  Nonetheless, there were signs earlier in the week that Rangers  can win without Miller.

 It is going to be a block.

 There was a great  performance without Kenny.

 Rangers is not a one-man team, it is about  the full squad.

 Opportunity knocks tomorrow for  those who are fit to play against Hamilton Accies.

  One member of Celtic's coaching staff has been giving his thought  on the six Bacher ban given to Neil Lennon.

 -- his thoughts on the six-  match ban given to Neil Lennon.

 cannot give up.

 It is in our nature  to fight for everything.

 This is our job.

  On the subject of appeals, Dundee have lost their appeal against a 25  point penalty for going into administration.

 The SFA panel  decided the punishment imposed by the Scottish Football League is  justified.

 It means the first division table goes from looking  like this, with Dundee sitting in second place on 32.

S, to this, the  Dark Blues now rock-bottom 17 points.

 They are not expected -- on  seven points.

 They are not expected to lodge any more appeals.

  Johnny Beattie has not been registered as a player for  forthcoming Glasgow Warriors games.

 It is frustrating.

 It is an  administrative error.

 We have to move on.

 Johnny has been big about  it.

 It was not done on purpose.

 It is just one of these things.

  Andy Murray's quest to win a grand- slam title resumes next week with  the Australian Open.

 He is losing in the final of last year's event  to Roger Federer.

 He has been drawn to play Karol Beck, ranked 104 in  the world, in the first round.

 If he wins, things will get tougher,  with potential matches against Rafael Nadal and SMEs and his Auld  Enemy Federer in the final.

 That is all for tonight.

 Back to  you, Jackie.

 Sorry, Sally! Two Dundee United footballers have  been questioned by police in that connection with an alleged serious  sexual assault.

 Rob joins us from Edinburgh.

 What do we not? We have  had a statement in the last few minutes.

 It confirms that there was  an assault against a 24-year-old woman in Armadale.

 That is all  police are confirming of the morning.

 -- confirming at the  moment.

 Sources tell us that the players involved are David  Goodwillie and David Robertson.

 This stems from a house party in  Armadale on the 2nd January.

 Both players have been interviewed by  police in Livingstone within the last week.

 No charges have been  brought yet in relation to this incident, but the inquiries are  ongoing and both men are still helping Lothian and Borders Police  with their inquiries.

 This is a very serious allegation.

 These men  are only helping police with their inquiries.

 No charges have been  brought yet.

 As I say, the inquiry's still have some time to  Women's boxing makes its first appearance at an Olympics in London  next year, and now at 26 you will share from East Lothian will become  Scotland's first international female boxer when she takes on a  Welsh opponent in Edinburgh tomorrow.

 Lisa Summers has been to  meet her.

 It is a tough sport, boxing,  especially if you're a girl.

 Louise Mitchell has a weight on her  shoulders.

 She steps into the ring tomorrow night as the first  Scottish woman to fight for her country.

 She took it up as a way to  keep fit.

 It is good fun to punch the bags.

 It gets the stress out at  the end of a day's work.

 I used to go to the gym and run on the  treadmill and do weights.

 I got bored.

 This was a nice change.

  was not long before her coach spotted a new talent.

 I spotted her  dedication and application.

 She is a fluid mover, which most women are.

  We get lots of young ladies come in.

 Scott then still has some way to go  to catch up.

 The only established a squad here in December.

 England  have approximately ten times the number of amateur boxers that we do  in Scotland.

 It is hard to create the momentum if there is not the  number of boxers.

 Hopefully this will be a good catalyst for growth.

  The hope is that tomorrow's about will be the start of something new.

  Louise is pretty confident of claiming victory.

 I see it as good  fun, believe it or not.

 I enjoy trying not to get hit.

  We have made the transition from cold, wintery weather to something  much more unsettled and milder.

 There has been rain and mist.

 The  rain will feature heavily over the next day or so.

 There is a warning  that we could have several inches of rain fall, particularly in the  West.

 This law front comes in from the Atlantic overnight.

 Before it  hits, it is likely to be a dry end to the evening.

 The main change  takes place around midnight.

 Rain sweeps across the country on  strengthening southerly winds.

 The rain will be heavy and persistent,  lingering through tomorrow, too.

 Dumfries and Galloway Police Omar  Ayrshire, western parts of the central belt and Argyll - these  areas will see the worst of the rain.

 Further north, the rain will  tend to be lighter and more broken with drier spells.

 Temperatures  will be around ten Celsius.

 The wet weather is set to continue through  the afternoon, with strong to gale- force south-westerly winds.

 The  cloud base could be down to 200 metres and Islands.

 There could be  severe gales, touching storm-force over the highest peaks.

 The lower  slopes are set to continue to thaw in the next couple of days.

 Sunday  will still be breezy, but there should be a lot of dry, bright  weather, particularly in the south and east.

 Temperatures will be down  to seven or eight Celsius.

 Sunday night is colder.

  A summary of tonight's top stories: Nearly 2,000 British tourists are  being flown home from Tunisia after weeks of rioting has left seven  people dead.

 The army has taken control of the airport and has shut  airspace.

 3,000 British tourists are still in the country.

  The Tommy Sheridan's wife Gail looks set to stand for the Scottish  Parliament in May's Holyrood elections.

 It is thought she will  lead the campaign for Solidarity, the party founded by her husband.

  Ed Miliband has said his party's

 .

 The President of Yemen leaves the  country to cheers of celebration.

 He says he will be back, but  thousands take to the streets and hail his departure a victory.

  yemmy people are very happy the president is out of the country.

  We will be looking at the West's fear a power vacuum to lead to more  instability.

 Low pressure Not Spain, but Germany.

  The bean sprout farm near Hamburg now being blamed for the fatal E-  coli outbreak.

 Israeli troops open fire as  hundreds of pro-Palestinian protesters try to cross the Syrian  border.

 Twenty people are reported dead.

  And victory for Rafael Nadal in the  clash of the titans at The French  Good evening.

 Thousands of people have taken to  the streets of Yemen to celebrate the departure of President Ali  Abdullah Saleh to Saudi Arabia.

 The beleaguered president has left the  country to be treated for injuries he suffered in an attack on his  presidential compound on Friday.

 A senior official has insisted he  will return in days, but many observers believe his 33 year rule  may be over.

 Our Correspondent, Lina Sinjab, sent this report from  the Yemeni capital, Senna.

 The scene today of jubilation.

 People  think change is happening.

 People are celebrating President Saleh's  departure.

 TRANSLATION: How can I describe  this? We're happy.

 Thank god.

 It is a celebration.

  For four months they have camped at the square calling on the President  to step down.

 Now, after 33 years in power, he has left the country.

  He was targeted while praying at this mosque in his presidential  compound.

 Seven of his guards and close supporters died.

 Many were  injured.

 Some of his family members have left too.

  Many of President Saleh's opponents consider his departure as marking  an end to his time in power.

 But amid their optimism there is  concern that with his ruling party still in charge, the future of the  country remains unclear.

 His party is going to be in party for just a  few weeks longer.

 As soon as they go into national unity Government  they will have to share power with the Opposition.

 I don't think that  he is in charge.

 I think that the Vice-President is now firmly in  charge of the country.

 In Yemen's second largest city,  there has been more violence following weeks of clashes with  reports of four soldiers being killed after dozens of gunmen  attacked the Presidential Palace.

 The attackers belong to a group  set-up to avenge the death of anti- regime protesters and one of them  is reported to have died as well.

 But today, the overwhelming view  was that Yemen has turned a corner towards a more peaceful and secure  William Hague has warned that Yemen risks becoming a more serious  threat to UK national security amid fears to could descend into chaos.

  A number of terrorist plots have originated in Yemen in recent years  and the country's home to an increasingly influential Al-Qaeda  group.

 Celebration today, but Yemen's  future remains uncertain.

 No one is sure whether the violence is over  yet and this is a country whose security matters, not just to its  people, but to its neighbours and to the world.

 This has continued  across two British Governments trying to stabilise Yemen and we  have not not succeeded in that, but we will continuing working hard on  that.

 It could become a much more serious threat to our own national  security.

 The country is home to a virulent  Al-Qaeda group, one reckoned by the CIA to be as dang rugs as -- dang  rugs as the original Al-Qaeda.

 The list of attacks coming out of Yemen  has been growing.

 Christmas 2009, saw a plot to blow up a flight.

 The  following year, saw bombs hidden in printer cartridges on cargo planes.

  This man is the real worry when it comes to radicalisation.

 He has  been using modern media to reach out from his hiding place with his  message of violence.

 Yemen's counter terrorism forces  have been trained and funded by Washington to go after him and  others.

 President Saleh was an ally, not always openly or fully of the  to the units under the control of the president's son and his nephews.

  If the president's family lose control as a result of this  transition, western counter- terrorism relationships will have  to be renegotiated.

 The battles in Yemen are only  partly about the Arab Spring and democratic change.

 Behind the  scenes there is a power play of as  one seted set of elites tries to  A Royal Marine has been shot dead in Afghanistan.

 The Marine, from 42  Commando, was killed on patrol in Helmand Province.

 His family have  been told.

 Meanwhile a soldier who died in  Helmand on Friday has been named as Corporal Michael John Pike of  Fourth Battalion, The Royal Regiment of Scotland.

  German officials say the E-coli outbreak which has killed 22 people  and made hundreds ill probably came from bean sprouts grown in the  north of the country.

 A week after they had originally blamed  vegetables imported from Spain for the outbreak, German authorities  say the cause is likely to have been home grown.

 Steven Evans has  the latest from Berlin.

 For nearly three weeks, there has been an  urgent search for the bug that claimed over 20 lives and made  hundreds of people seriously ill.

 All scientists knew was it was  virulent and a rare variant of E- coli.

 Tonight, the source was  identified.

 Bean sprouts grown at a German farm near the epicentre of  the outbreak in the north of the  country.

  TRANSLATION: Over the past couple of hours, further evidence has  emerged which points to a plant nursery as the source of the E-coli  cases or at least one of the of the cases.

 The nursery grows a variety  of of bean sprouts from seeds imported from different countries.

  So far in the outbreak, 22 people have died.

 More than 2,000 people  have become ill.

 627 of them seriously.

 12 countries are  affected including Germany.

 The German Government here in  Berlin may now be in some difficulty over this.

 This outbreak  was home-grown, but the authorities in Germany pointed a very firm  finger at Spanish farms, creating much anger there.

  When the German authorities pointed at Spanish farms, sales collapsed  for the falsely accused businesses.

 They demanded compensation from  Germany.

 At the epicentre of the outbreak in northern Germany,  hospitals are overwhelmed as the most serious cases, hundreds of  them, need blood transfusions and kidney dialysis.

 There will be more  tests on the bean sprouts to try to find out if they are the only  Israeli soldiers have opened fired on pro-Palestinian protesters in  Syria as they marched on the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights.

  Unconfirmed reports on Syrian state TV said 20 people had been killed  and more than 300 wounded.

 The Palestinians and Syrians were  taking part in a protest to mark the Six-Day War in 1967.

 From the  Golan Heights, Kevin Connolly sent The protesters came as they had  come here three weeks ago to cross from Syria into the Israeli  occupied Golan Heights.

 Last time to Israel's embarrassment, there  wasn't much to stop them.

 This time, it was different.

 There were newly  reinforced barriers and it wean long before Israeli troops were  directly live gunfire at demonstrators.

  Israel says it has used restraint in the face of deliberate  provocation.

 Despite warning shots that were  fired through the air, still we found ourselves in a situation  which an angered mob from the Syrian side tried to reach the  border fence between Israel and Syria.

 Therefore, we had to use the  option of firing towards the feet.

 The protesters were undeterred,  emboldened they said by their success in crossing this border  three weeks ago.

  TRANSLATION: The whole world needs  to know that the 43 years of occupation revealed the deep  feelings and the deep wounds in which we hope to mend with the  return of our refugee brethren.

 This is a bitter bitterly contested  front.

 Syria wants the Giles back, but it is normally -- Golan Heights  back, but it is normally peaceful.

 Syria see this as an orchestrated  attempt.

 To Palestinians, it is about harnessing the energies of  the Arab Arab Spring to their cause.

 Wherever the truth lies, the human  cost of this day has been high.

 After six hours, the Israeli troops  fired a volley of tear gas and briefly droft pro -- -- drove the  protesters back.

 As it braces for for further further trouble, Israel  faces the difficult question of why use this non-lethal force after  only firing live ammunition and not The Portuguese Prime Minister, Jose  Socrates, has resigned as party leader after conceding his  Socialists were defeated in today's election.

 Opinion polls suggest the  centre-right Social Democrats will  emerge as the largest party, but  without an overall majority.

 Scotland's First Minister, Alex  Salmond, has accused the UK Supreme court of interfering "aggressively"  in Scotland's justice system.

 He wants to review the role of the  Court in Scottish cases and says its power should be "diminished.

"  It follows a number of rulings affecting Scottish law.

 Most  recently when the Supreme Court declared unsafe a murder conviction  passed by a Scottish court.

 Our Scotland Correspondent Glenn  Scotland has always had its own legal system, but the Scottish  Government says the UK Supreme Court is now aggressively  interfering in in Scots law and justice and threatening its  independence.

 Newly re-elected First Minister,  Alex Salmond, has appointed legal experts to review the power play  between the most senior judges on the Scottish bench and those on the  UK Supreme Court.

 I think we should worry if it is  being suggested that the integrity of the Scottish judicial system is  somehow less than for example the other 40 or so jurisdictions across  Europe.

 Another Scottish minister has said  trips to the Edinburgh Festival will have provided the only  knowledge some UK justices have of Scots law.

 So what's the principle  at stake? In Scotland, the High Court is the final Court of Appeal  in all criminal cases.

 But where there are Human Rights issues, the  UK Supreme Court, including two Scottish judges, is higher.

 Now,  the Supreme Court has for the the first time effectively quashed a  murder conviction in Scotland by deciding the trial was unfair under  the European Convention on Human Rights.

 As a result of that ruling,  this man, Nat Fraser, jailed for life for killing his wife, could be  freed as early as Wednesday unless the High Court in Edinburgh orders  a retrial and refuses to to bail him in the meantime.

 Mr Salmond's  political rivals say the row is less about the law and more about  the Scottish National Party's campaign to make Scotland an  independent country.

 Alex Salmond began the campaign for  the referendum independence this week by appointing a chairman.

 This  petulance about the Supreme Court is the first step in that campaign.

  Separatism by 1,000 cuts.

 There would be no role for the UK Supreme  Court in Scottish cases if the SNP did succeed in ending the United  Four people have been killed in a head-on crash involving two cars in  West Bromwich.

 The 34-year-old female driver of a Citroen and her  28-year-old sister, were both killed.

 The driver of a Ford, a 40-  year-old woman died along with her 21-year-old male passenger.

 Four  others, including a girl aged 11, were also hurt.

  The charity Help for Heroes is set to reach the ï¿½100 million mark in  public donations this just three and a half years after it was  formed.

 It's hoped its latest fundraising event, a bike ride  through the battlefields of France  will push contributions past the  Pedalling for wounded soldiers.

 264 people left Portsmouth this evening  on the Big Battlefield Bike Ride.

 Together, they hope to make  ï¿½500,000.

 It will bring the total raised by Help for Heroes to ï¿½100  million in just three-and-a-half years, something the founders could  never have imagined.

 It is sort of unbelievable, really.

  We haven't quite grasped it yet and it probably won't sink in for a  while, but it is just incredible that people wanted to join us and  help these guys.

 I just feel really humbled that other people wanted to  help us do it.

 We no We could not have done it on their own.

  It was in this office in Salisbury that the Parries started working on  Help for Heroes in 2007.

 They set out to raise ï¿½10,000, but the idea  captured people's hearts and imaginations and within a few  months, it they were receiving cheques for ï¿½100,000.

 With the  backing of the Sun Sun newspaper, Help for Heroes soon became one of  the nation's favourite causes.

 The X Factor teamed up with the  charity, twice releasing singles to raise funds.

  Then there was a concert at Twickenham attended by Prince Harry  and dozens of high-profile people including the Prime Minister have  shown their support by wearing the charity's wristband.

 All  initiatives are to help the charity to raise enough funds to spend ï¿½90  million on projects including a pool and gym at Headley Court in  Surrey which was opened last year by Prince William.

 The charity is  building several other units across the UK and has plans to help more  wounded soldiers.

 So, they say, even if if if they achieve their  goals of ï¿½100 million, the wheels of their fund-raising machine must  It was another enthralling Grand Slam final between the great rivals,  Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer.

 Nadal beat Federer in four sets at  Roland Garros this afternoon and in doing so he equalled Byorn Borg's  record of six French- Open titles.

 In the city of romance, tennis  rekindled its love affair with two of its greatest players.

 Rafael  Nadal bouncing on his his toes more tibg a boxer.

 Rafael Nadal was the  under dog, but he broke first, overwhelk the fierce Nadal forehand.

  Rafael Nadal seemed out of sorts.

 The trainer was called on, but then  the surge began, Nadal winning seven games back-to-back en route  to the first set and showing that  The two men traded breaks in the  second set and it it went to a tie- break, after a thumping baseline  battle, Roger Federer appeared  spent.

 Nad Rafael Nadal's backhand  more of a thrash.

 Roger Federer was a break down in  the third set, but somehow clawed back to the point where it was he  who was holding court.

 What a beautifully constructed  point there.

 Rafael Nadal was relentless in the  fourth set, giving him three

 Two at 9.

00pm.

 Ruby Wax tomorrow,  Good afternoon.

 David Cameron is beginning the  process of apointing a new head of communications at Downing Street.

  After the resignation yesterday of Andy Coulson.

  Andy Coulson stepped down as he said that the allegations about  phone hacking at the News of the World when he was its editor had  become a distraction.

 He denied knowledge about hacking.

  This report from our Political Correspondent does contain some  flash photography.

 Andy Coulson was keeping silent  this morning as he left his London home.

  He had broken the golden rule of spin doctors and become the story  himself.

 So, now the hunt is on for the man  or woman to fill his shoes.

 The job of Director of  Communications at Number Ten brings with it a salary of £140,000.

  But its political clout, that makes it such an important appointment.

  It matters as the relationship with the Prime Minister and the  communications director is personal.

 It is one of few people that the  Prime Minister sees two, three times, more than that, often, every  day.

 Much has been made of the common  touch that Andy Coulson brought to the Downing Street operation, but  choosing a replacement with a tabloid background may be a problem,  if the phone hacking scandal continues to fuel the debate about  journalistic situations.

 Many says that -- many say that  Andy Coulson will be hard to replace, but meanwhile, Labour  wants to focus on the Prime Minister's judgment on hiring him  in the first place.

 The head of the commission  reviewing weather the UK's biggest banks should be broken up is  expected to say that wide ranging reform is needed.

 In a speech in  London, Sir John Vickers is said to confirm he is not ruling out plans  to separate Britain's backs, trading and retail operations, to  limit the risk to the wider financial system.

  Now, what more can we expect Sir John Vickers to say? I think that  he will talk about financial and structural climate change, to  ensure that the taxpayers are never on the hook.

 So the senior  investors have to cough up if something goes wrong.

 On the  structural side they are talking about separating financially, not  legally, a bank's operation so, that the investment banking on the  risk-taking side is separated from the side of mortgages and current  accounts, so two importance things to be spoken about.

  How with the banks reacting to this? They are saying that the idea  of ring-fencing would not work.

 Barings was supposed to be a  subside rised bank, that failed.

 They are talking about the costs.

  If you separate these things, there is a cost element involved.

 There  is more capital required from the banks and that cost is passed on to  the share holders or the retail side of things.

 So when we get the  report in September, between that and today, there is a lot of  spinning from the banks worried about the banking and the  commission.

 The police in Bristol are  continuing to question a 32-year- old man arrested on Thursday on  suspicion of murdering the landscape architect, Jo Coburn.

 He  is believed to be a Dutch architect, Vincent Tabak, who lived in the  flat next to the one rented by Jo Coburn.

  Amanda Knox has appeared this morning in an attempt to overturn  her conviction for the murder of the British student, Meredith  Kercher.

 The American was sentenced to 26 years in prison, for the  killing of the 21-year-old Leeds university student in the town of  Perugia three years ago.

 Amanda Knox claims that the evidence  against her is flawed.

 The police and the Health and  Safety Executive are investigating the deaths of four men in an  industrial accident offshore.

 A steel structure collapsed in  greata moth.

 The company there says it is co-operating fully with the  investigation.

 Two days of taks -- talks between  Iran and foreign powers on Tehran's nuclear powers have come to an end.

  It is thought that little progress was made during the talks in the  discussions that took place in Instanbul.

  The American Congresswoman, Gabrielle Giffords, who was shot in  the head whilst meeting voters, has been trafred to a rehabilitation  centre in Texas.

 Crowds of well- wishers lined the streets when she  was moved from the hospital in Tucson, Arizona.

 Doctors are  optimistic about her chances of recovering.

  In Australia, a lake is threatening to swamp towns in the area of  Victoria.

 The lake, covers an area of 90 kilometres long and 40  kilometres wide.

 More than 70 communities have been affected with  thousands of people evacuated to higher ground.

  Now a little sport.

 In tennis, Andy Murray has continued his progress  in the Australian Open with a straight sets demolition of  Jennifer Lopez in the third round.



 Welcome to South East Today.

  Tonight's top stories: Trying to re-float plans for Boris  Island; the mayor of London comes up against angry opposition.

 An 18-  year-old is shot in the chest in Dover.

 Another youth is being  questioned.

 Police are appealing for witnesses.

 Driven out of her  home.

 The pensioner forced to sleep in her car because of the racket  coming from her student neighbours.

 They're just a nightmare.

 I want to  sell my house to get away from you.

 The home-grown miracle cure for  hair loss.

 The woman who turned to spinach, cockles and venison when  she started going bald.

 And the teenager from Ashford who  has landed a role in the Good evening.

 Hugely controversial  plans for a £40 billion off-shore airport in the Thames Estuary could  still take-off according, to the Mayor of London.

 In a major  announcement today, Boris Johnson cited a new report that says the  UK's economy would otherwise suffer and the south east could lose tens  of thousands of jobs in the aviation sector, to our more  ambitious and confident rivals.

 Heathrow airport was built for the  RAF 70 years ago.

 According to this report, it is no longer fit for  purpose.

 It has been warned that London is in danger of losing out  to Amsterdam and Paris.

 We are failing to give UK business the  easy connections that they need.

 This city is in danger of losing  its reputation of being a pleasant and hassle free place to travel  from and to buy air.

 The mayor is backing for -- the mayor's backing  for a new airport has put him on a collision course with sit  government.

 I think this is a bad idea.

 It is in a totally unsuitable  location.

 We need to maximise the opportunity of existing airports.

  Heathrow and Gatwick.

 I think this should be a very fast shuttle  between the two.

 Were trying to open up Manston airport in Kent.

  Some say it would help regenerate the economy and create much-needed  jobs for a start I would like it to be intent if possible and not lose  out once again.

 In Medway, when the Channel rail link was built, they  offered us a station and we refused it.

 They have benefited from that.

  Across the South East, there has been in mixed reaction.

 Fantastic  opportunity for the area.

 Where ever you put it, it is not in my  backyard.

 Everybody likes to go on holiday.

 The normally you can get  there is by flying for all stop you don't want every word to be built  up.

 Every bit of space you have has been taken away.

 I would rather  stay with Gatwick.

 I do not think you should go any further than that  because it will alter wildlife and the Thames Estuary.

 I think it is a  good idea to provide extra capacity for the South Seas.

 Pretty good for  the South East economy.

 Critics might suggest the idea of the  island airport, but it is clear Boris Johnson has not given up any  idea of a new airport on the Thames estuary.

 Our Political Editor joins  us from City Hall now.

 Why does Mr Johnson think a new airport in the  South East is so essential? Boris Johnson says, like it or not,  there must be a way to increase airport capacity in South East.

 He  says if Heathrow is currently running at 99% capacity.

 There is  no room for expansion.

 He knows critics will say the country cannot  afford a new airport at a time of tight constraints on public  spending.

 He said if London and the South Seas is to a room -- remain a  global international hub, they cannot afford not to.

  We are joined now from Westminster by Tracey Crouch, Conservative MP  for Chatham and Aylesford.

 This issue has been resurfacing for  many years.

 The first proposal was back in 1943.

 Each time, it has  been defeated because local people do not want it.

 Many people do want  jobs and this would create an up -- enormous number of jobs across the  South East.

 There can be other opportunities for jobs.

 If you  expand existing airports and the South East, I know for example that  Manston is looking to expand its capacity.

 Gas -- Gatwick and  Heathrow, likewise.

 There are other opportunities for a job as in the  north -- South Seas.

 Is this nimbyism.

 This is about building a  new airport.

 The Government has made it clear there will be no new  look at Thanet, with a high-speed link and the motorway  infrastructure, there would need a huge amount of work done? There is  already a basic infrastructure there.

 The Thames Estuary report  will include a whole new infrastructure.

 North Kent is very  built up.

 I do not think it can cope with any further airport or  other infrastructure.

 We would like to know what you  think.

 Do you agree with the Mayor's plans for an airport in the  Thames Estuary or do you think it's a step too far and will blight the  South East? Either email us or leave a comment on our Facebook  page and read out your comments later on in the programme.

 A man is  being questioned by police tonight after an 18-year-old was shot in  the chest in Dover.

 He is in a serious condition in hospital.

 The  police say the suspect and victim knew each other and are appealing  for witnesses to come forward.

 8pm in the evening.

 A gunshot  alerts people to a shooting.

 George Miller watched the events unfold.

  saw the blue flashing lights through my curtains.

 I went out to  look.

 They picked a young man into the ambulance.

 There were two young  men held by the police by the side of the footpath for.

 The police  believe the shooting happened a long rest busy road.

 By the time  they arrived, the victim had staggered down to the top of this  road, where he was being treated by the ambulance service.

 This man was  caught up in the after math.

 arrived home at 8pm.

 The roads were  cordoned off.

 I was not allowed back into the property until after  11pm and the forensic scientists had left.

 She was being sent a text  message.

 It came up very quickly on Facebook about the shooting.

 That  is when we first knew about it.

 police are trying to reassure  people in the area, particularly as the shooting was very close to this  high school.

 Clearly the fact we have had a loaded at -- firearm on  the streets that was discharged is a very significant concern to us.

  As I have said, this incident occurred in a small social group.

  Clear looking to establish how the firearm came to be discharged.

  Tonight, the victim remains in hospital in London.

  Do we know anymore about the gun that was used?  The police say it was a small room for four -- revolver, which was  found in a house near the scene of the shooting.

 There are  investigating the possibility that it was smuggled in from France.

 The  grammar school is down the road there.

 There is a churchyard just  here.

 Round the corner is a local pub and some shops.

 Many people  around yesterday at 8pm.

 A lot of concern, but the police say they do  not believe this was a targeted incident.

 They arrested 117 year-  old who has been released without charge.

 An 18-year-old remains in  custody.

 The police want to speak to the victim, but it might be many  days until he is well enough to be interviewed.

  In a moment: Going back to the battlefields.

 The veteran rewarded  for his work keeping the memory of World War Two alive.

  A Sussex pensioner has been forced to sleep in her car after being  subjected to months of loud music, singing, banging and shouting, from  a group of students living next door.

 Joy Panteli was plagued by  loud music and laughing into the early hours from five Brighton  University undergraduates.

 Eventually, she made up a bed in  her car in a desperate attempt to get some sleep.

  What Joy Panteli is studying a holistic therapies and likes to  meditate.

 For the last few months, she has had hardly any peace,  thanks to a group of students renting the property next door.

  would sometimes get one or two days' break, but otherwise it was  constant.

 I know what sleep deprivation is and how it affected  me.

 I could not drive most of the days because I had been up all  night.

 Yesterday, five of her neighbours were prosecuted for  subjecting her to unacceptable levels of noise which affected her  quality of life.

 They played loud music and stamped on the wooden  floors.

 Things got so bad that she slept in a bed she made up in the  back of her car.

 We approached her next-door neighbours, but none of  them wanted to give an interview this afternoon.

 Five members of the  household were fined yesterday for failing to comply with a noise  abatement order.

 According to the next to her neighbour, the lout --  loud noises have continued right up until today.

 What this means is  that the abatement that was certain number for still stands.

 If we can  gather further evidence, they could be subject to further legal  proceedings.

 After 25 years of living in her house, she now wants  to leave.

 They're just a nightmare.

 I want to sell my house.

 I have to  get away from here.

 If any other students ever come like that again,  it scares you.

 The sound of a smoke alarm coming from the student house  today is one example of the behaviour of their neighbour  believes is deliberate.

 A 27-year-old man appeared at Lewes  Crown Court today charged with the murder of a man found dead in his  flat in Bexhill.

 Christopher Hunnisett is accused of murdering  57-year-old Peter Bick last Tuesday night.

 Hunnisett, who is from  Hastings, spoke only to confirm his name.

  It has emerged that up to 200 jobs could go over the coming year at  East Sussex County Council.

 Children's Services are expected to  take the biggest hit with over 300 posts expected to go over the next  four years.

 The authority says it needs to save £100 million and a  voluntary redundancy scheme will be in place.

  Two councils will become the first in Kent to share a chief executive.

  Tonbridge and Mailing and Gravesham councils announced the decision  today.

 David Hughes will take on the joint role in August, and more  councils across the south east are expected to follow suit.

  A man has told a court in Hove of the moment he was attacked with a  machete during a confrontation between two groups of men in  Crawley.

 Sansul Bangara suffered serious head injuries during the  fight.

 Part of the town centre had to be sealed off after the attack,  which happened last September.

 The defendant, Antonio Batsimba, denies  He told the court he had nightmares about the machete attack.

 Members  of his family became involved in a compensation here in crawling with  another group of men.

 -- confrontation.

 It was here that  atone -- Antonio Batsimba attacked him.

 He told the jury he was lying  on the ground and Antonio Batsimba was putting a machete to his head.

  The court also heard today from the Sumeer's brother in-law who was  also attacked by Antonio Batsimba with a machete.

 He describes how  someone in the group who we were struggling with shouted, "you are  all dead, you are going to get it.

 I will call my friend who will kill  you.

".

 The defence has challenged the account about what happened  here in Crawley.

 The defendant, Antonio Batsimba or denies  attempting to have a murder Sumeer Sadat.

 The defence is due to begin  tomorrow.

 Our top story tonight: Be Mayor of  London says hugely controversial plans for a £40 billion of short  airport in the Thames estuary could take off.

 He cited a new report  that says the UK's economy would suffer and the south-east could  lose tens of thousands of jobs.

 Cockles, spinach and Denison, the  hair raising debt that helped cure this woman's bawdiness.

  And he is a class act, the teenager who has landed a role in the cult  During World War II, he was lucky to survive some of the heaviest  fighting in the invasion of Normandy.

 Now Major John Majendie  is 91 and helping others to see the places where they fought.

 He fought  at He'll 112 -- Hill 112.

 His profit -- non profit making trips  have won him an award.

 Below is the coast of Normandy.

  History says this was the beginning of the end of the German occupation  of Europe.

 Fighters and bombers are going flat out to paralyse German  communications.

 For troops on the ground, it was a case of fighting  for every yard.

 German prisoners come into the Allied area.

  nobody seemed to know what was going on.

 The fog of war, one  thinks it was all straight forward, I always felt one's horizon was the  rim of your steel helmet and he didn't see further afield than that.

  John Majendie did see many fall in the Normandy invasion.

 Those  members have remained with him all his life and he has been helping  others like him revisit places where it happened.

 He is running a  non-profit making tours for other servicemen and others.

 When  prisoners cavemen, they were usually filthy and dirty and were  frightened.

 They were scruffy and when they took their helmets off,  they looked just like us.

 Having met them, we have had reunions the  other side of the field to us.

 We were doing what we were being told  to do and they were being -- doing what they were told to do.

 He can't  really explain why he started running battlefield pilgrimages but  says it is a keen sense of duty.

 have every intention of going on as  long as people want to go on.

 My only regret is my passport expires  when I and 99 and there may have to get another photograph taken.

  Through the tours and fund-raising, he hopes he has honoured the  memories of those that fail here.

 He has won £5,000 in the Times  stern Bourke natural -- times stern Borg National lifetime achievement  Mary Corrigan was devastated when she was told there was no cure for  her hair loss.

 She decided to invent eight grow your own hair  back diet with some impressive results.

  The mother of three from of Kent was told she would have to live  with Bolton as as there was no cure.

 After lengthy research, she came up  with a diet that contained cockles, Venice and leafy green vegetables.

  You don't need to look twice at Mary Corrigan to notice how  striking her hair is.

 When her long, golden ringlets started falling out,  she admits it was a terrible blow.

 My hair has always been my crowning  glory.

 Lots of people have said it defines me.

 When it is appears,  part of you disappears with it.

 When doctors said there was nothing  they could do, she started her own research.

 She discovered her levels  of a protein which stores I in are low and that could be connected to  hair loss.

 She devised her own day it full of iron rich food such as  seeds, leaner meat and vegetables.

 Cockles are high in iron and 100  grams will provide 155 % of your daily iron requirements.

  alopecia comes in different forms and can strike in a number of ways.

  TV presenter, Gail Porter, so she lost most of fair-haired overnight.

  For those with Mary's type, specialists agree a lack of the  bodies capability to store iron can be to blame.

 Her new diet has  worked for her.

 Within eight weeks of changing my diet, all the  patches had a velvety down on them.

 Since then, it hasn't stopped.

  difference has that made to you? has made me me again.

 Such delights  as green algae powdered drink, aspects of the day it may be less  than appetising but Mary is sticking to it.

  It is a great achievement but that is a lot of cockles!  The chief executive of the British Olympic Association has been in  Kent to discuss local sports projects linked to the London 2012  games today.

 Andy Hunt has been touring facilities at a Tonbridge  School which has been named as the pre-Games training camp for the  Australian athletics team.

 Kent is the venue for a number of countries  including Slovenia and the Ukraine for pre-Games training.

  For the facilities are outstanding.

 I had no idea how great they were.

  One of the most wonderful things is the way Tonbridge School has  embraced the community.

 It is a facility for local clubs and  facilities combined with their own needs and is an inspiration.

  A Kent teenager has landed a part in the edgy TV series, skins.

 --  Skins.

 It has launched the career of many an actor.

 Alexander -- Alex  Arnold beat of 8,000 others in the auditions to play the part of a  heavy metal fan.

 We have been to meet him.

  Evening my lovely.

 For with every new series, Skins takes a handful  of own name it -- unknown teenage actors and propels them into cult  stardom.

 Alex Arnold is about to get that treatment.

 I have always  wanted to be an actor.

 It was a really good opportunity, really  complex and interesting.

 It is a show that every boy loves.

 It is a  show he came late to.

 For this is my mum.

 Sandwiched between Dickens  and Nabokov.

 I wasn't allowed to watch this match -- for the show  when I was 12 or 13 when it came out because my parents thought it  wasn't right for me.

 A with his storylines about sex,  drugs and rock'n'roll, Skins is one of the most critically acclaimed  dramas.

 I am not the skins of Ashford.

 They are nodding.

 They are  bearskins of Ashford.

 He was never the coolest skin in school.

 Before  Skins he focused on his work.

 your duty to keep his feet on the  ground? He does that himself.

 He is not big-headed about it.

 He is an  incredibly talented lad.

 He has got off his backside and gone to do  something with his life -- life already at this stage which is  incredible.

 You are absolutely right.

 Skins launched the career of  Dev Patel, star of Slumdog Millionaire which won Oscars into  doesn't do nine.

 Alex is fleeting is -- is keeping his feet on the  ground.

 For I still have a lot of hard work to do to get to that  point in for a career in acting.

 Life for this Ashford School boy is  about to take a very glamorous Early in the programme, we asked to  buy the you agree with the Mayor of London's plans for an airport in  the Thames estuary.

 Is it a step too far?  Bill says Boris Johnson is out of his head wanting to make a name for  himself with a lunatic idea.

 Nigel Williams is in favour.

 He  says that it is a visionary recommendation, quite brilliant and  can be only political jealousy involved.

 It will provide thousands  of jobs.

 There is support for Sir --  expanding Manston.

 Small improvements on the road and new  tenable be cheaper than building eight terminal from scratch and  poor service people from the near Continent as well.

  Off his rocker! He should use his time and money for improving train  and rail links.

 Weather wise, it is a chance to dry  out after all the soggy weather we have had recently.

 We are going to  see frost back.

 Last week be saw temperatures of 11 Celsius.

 In the  next few days, we will see temperatures of around five Celsius.

  For this evening and the night, it will be dry, very little cloud  around.

 The temperatures will tumble away.

 We have a widespread  frost.

 Temperatures will hold above freezing.

 Tomorrow, that won't last  long.

 There would be a good deal of sunshine, patchy cloud here and  there.

 Temperatures around six Celsius.

 They some cloud beginning  to spell in the eastern parts of Kent.

 Tomorrow evening, there is a  chance that some areas will get lighter showers.

 Everywhere  tomorrow will be more in the way of cloud.

 Temperatures at the lowest,  around two Celsius.

 For the next few days, an area of high pressure  is with us.

 It grows and sits across the British Isles for the  rest of the week.

 We still have a north-easterly flow across our part  of the world.

 Generally speaking

 Good afternoon.

 The former Labour  Home Secretary Jack Straw has said some young men of Pakistani origin  regard white girls as easy targets for sexual abuse.

 Mr Straw spoke of  his concerns after the jailing of a mainly Asian gang who raped girls  in the Derby area.

 Our political correspondent Robin Brant reports.

  Abid Saddique, on the left, got a minimum of 11 years.

 Mohammed  Liaqat must serve at least eight years in jail.

 They were the  leaders of a gang of St groomers.

 During his police operation, two  teenagers escaped unhurt.

 They targeted vulnerable girls on the  streets of Derby then abused them.

 The judge said he believed this was  not a racial crime.

 But it is the latest in a series of cases  involving Asian men and young white women.

 Pakistanis are not the only  people who commit sexual offences, let's be clear.

 Overwhelmingly, the  sexual offenders' wings of prisons are full of white sexual offenders.

  But there is a specific problem which involves Pakistani heritage  mam, of some age as well, who targets vulnerable young white  girls.

 Jack Straw's words were blunt.

 Easy meat is a phrase which  has alarmed some.

 Critics say this is about one thing - criminals.

  There is nothing in the culture of these gangs, in their religion,  which suggests that this kind of thing is ingrained.

 For Jack Straw,  a former Home Secretary, to suggest that somehow this is ingrained  within a young Pakistani men I think is quite dangerous.

 I think  we need to step back.

 But Jack Straw believes victims like this  16-year-old, who was praised for giving evidence in court, were  targeted because they're white, and Asians are off-limits.

 In the last  hour, it's been announced that Roy Hodgson has left Liverpool Football  Club.

 He'll be replaced by the former player and manager Kenny  Dalglish until the end of the season.

 Hodgson has presided over a  poor run of form at Liverpool, leaving them just four points above  the relegation zone.

 In a statement, the club said his departure was in  the best interests of both parties.

 Plans for a radical shake-up of  disability benefits could be in breach of human rights laws.

 That's  the conclusion of some legal experts and charities.

 Proposals  are being considered which would replace the disability living  allowance with a personal payment and introduce new assessment tests.

  Keith Doyle reports.

 Multiple sclerosis has left Ella Findlay  almost unable to walk or do many of the things able-bodied people take  for granted.

 She works part-time and get Disability living Allowance,  which pays for her car.

 She fears the proposed changes may mean she  will be one of the hundreds of thousands who could see the benefit  cut.

 The idea of it being taken away, and Mike are being taken away,  suggests to me that I would not be able to continue doing my job.

 In a  dramatic but heartfelt way, I do not think I would want to be alive  still.

 The coalition wants to replace the disability living  allowance with a personal independence payment, and a new  assessment test will decide how much claimants should get.

 For  those in care homes, all mobility payments would be scrapped, and all  applicants would have to have a condition for six months before  being eligible for the new benefit.

 Experts in Disability Law have told  us the Government's proposals could even be in breach of Disability  discrimination legislation.

 Human Rights Act will provide that  individuals have a right to quality of life, and any proposal which  fails to appreciate those fundamental rights could very well  find itself infringing the law.

 coalition says it is still  developing the new benefit, and these proposals form part of the  consultation process.

 This is a benefit which is one of the largest  benefits which is paid in the UK, and we need to make sure that it is  getting to the people who need it most.

 The consultation ends on  February 14th, and the changes will start in two years.

 Charities fear  it could leave thousands of disadvantaged people worse off.

 The  US Government has subpoenaed the social networking site Twitter for  personal details of people connected to Wikileaks.

 The US  District Court in Virginia says it wants information including user  names, addresses, connection records, telephone numbers and  payment details.

 Those named include the Wikileaks founder  Julian Assange.

 The US is examining possible charges against Mr Assange  over the leaking of 250,000 classified diplomatic cables.

 The  radical Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr has addressed a huge public rally  after returning to Iraq from almost four years of self-imposed exile in  Iran.

 Speaking in the city of Najaf, he denounced the United States,  Israel and Britain as common enemies.

 But he said that it was  now time for the people to build for the future.

 Let's go live now  to Baghdad and our Correspondent Jim Muir.

 Well, he's back, and with  partly the same message, of really fierce anti-American rhetoric.

 His  forces clashed with the Americans back in 2004.

 They were deeply  embroiled in the sectarian carnage of those two or three years after  that.

 And then of course they fought the Iraqi army in 2008,  before they were disbanded.

 Muqtada Al-Sadr himself has been away in  Iraq -- in Iran, studying, for four years.

 His message is still very  anti-American, but there is a new tone, a new moderation, a new  conciliation.

 He told the Iraqi is that whatever happened in the past  between us, and he was referring to that sectarian carnage, we have to  live together, we have to close that chapter for good.

 We also have  to support the new government.

 He was instrumental in allowing the  Prime Minister, Nouri Al-Maliki, to have his second term of office,  even though he had set the army against Muqtada Al-Sadr's militia a  couple of years previously.

 So the message is to help the government  to provide the services for which the people are crying out.

 So I  think for most Iraqis, this will be a pretty positive message.

  Edinburgh Airport is due to open

 improve.

 We are back just after  Good evening and welcome to BBC Look North.

 The headlines tonight:  After the coldest December on record, the £1 million repair bill  facing our schools.

 A family is left devastated after a  neighbour's firework wrecks their dream home.

 It took me about five  years to get it into the state I had it in.

 Within five minutes,  completely destroyed.

 Our state schools named amongst the  most improved in the country.

 Learning the ropes - the boy who is  about to become one of the country's top bell ringers.

  And a real change tonight.

 Very mild conditions.

 The very latest in  It has been revealed that repairs to schools across East Yorkshire  and Lincolnshire after the recent cold weather will cost more than £1  million and could take months to complete.

 In December, hundreds of  schools across our area closed and thousands of children were sent  home.

 Many were affected by burst pipes, flooding and snow, causing  roofs to collapse.

 And in one Lincolnshire primary, pupils are  still being taught in the local pub because of the damage.

 Vicky  Johnson went to Theddlethorpe near Mablethorpe to find out more.

  The teachers of Theddlethorpe primary chip get an A for effort  for making us look like their classroom.

 But the lamps and low  beamed ceilings are a bit of a giveaway.

 These lessons are taking  place in the local pub.

 We had a major catastrophe over the  Christmas holidays with flood damage to the classrooms.

 We had to  come up with a creative solution to make sure that the children's  education could continue with as little disruption as possible.

 Our  lamb lady here offered us the front rooms.

 It is a village community.

  They are only across the road and it is easy for them.

 In his there  any danger that children could find themselves in the bar? All the  doors which go through to one side of the pub are locked.

 We find  ourselves locked out sometimes.

 While these pupils obviously get  top marks for having an unusual classroom, hundreds of children  across Lincolnshire and beyond are having to get used to an unusual  learning environment because of weather-related damage to their  classrooms.

 This primary school's reception classes have been ruined  by burst pipes.

 I have two teachers who have spent a lot of time and  effort making this a wonderfully vibrant classroom which the  children laugh, which the children feel comfortable in.

 And there is a  real emotional strain for both staff and the children when  everything is ruined, as he can see.

 More than 50 schools have been  damaged in Lincolnshire with another seven in north Lincolnshire.

  Repairs to the roof at his primary school alone are estimated at a  quarter of a million pounds.

 It isn't yet known how long it will  take to put right the damage, so these youngsters could be trekking  across the road from the pub for some weeks to come.

  Nicky is in the studio with us now.

 Who is going to fit -- foot the  bill? It won't be the school's or the local authorities.

 The money  will come from insurance companies.

 They are insured for things like  burst water pipes, the weight of snow on roofs and things like that.

  It isn't just at the schools.

 All sorts of local authority buildings  have been affected.

 The leisure centre at Beverley has suffered  quite substantial damage.

 They reckon that in the East Riding area,  half a million pounds' worth of damage has been put onto some of  their public buildings.

 The disruption will last a lot longer  than we can anticipate, and probably long after temperatures  rise again.

 In a moment: Praise for schools for  a -- schools from across our area for being some of the most improved  in the country.

 A whole family said they are  devastated that they will be out of their home until at least March  after their house was burnt down by a firework thrown by a neighbour.

  Sue and Steve Cuthbertson are in temporary accommodation after a  firework was thrown over their fen some Bonfire Night.

 It caused  £60,000 worth of damage.

 The man responsible has escaped a jail.

  This was once his pride and joy, but now Steve's garden room and  home have been reduced to this.

 put our for my daughter and their  grandchildren.

 It was a firework from my neighbour on Bonfire Night  which caused the devastating fire.

 While Sue and Steve are in  temporary accommodation, the man responsible this week escaped jail.

  I was absolutely gutted, knowing full well the time I had spent  doing House had gone up in a matter of minutes.

 We're not talking  pennies.

 We're talking thousands of pounds.

 Redundancy, pension money,  the lot.

 This is what their home used to look like, but Sue still  feels lucky that they escaped with their lives, particularly their  daughter who suffered a severe brain injury as a child.

 We try to  drum it into her that when the alarms go off you don't wait for  anybody, you just go out.

 But until it happens, you never know if she  will remember that.

 That was the most frightening.

 Contractors are  due here this week to start work on the inside of the house, but the  garden room wasn't insured, and it will take Steve and Sue used to  recreate what the fire took minutes to destroy.

 -- take years.

  60 jobs in Grimsby are under threat after a company announced it was  going into administration.

 East Coast Gas Services has confirmed it  has started winding up the business on Cleethorpes Road.

 The company  has six sites across the country and employs 130 people nationally.

  Lincolnshire County Council has admitted paying £35,000 to a  consultant.

 The PR expert was brought in to look at changes to  the authority's communications team, at a cost of around £1,000 a day.

  We hire consultants when we don't believe we have the appropriate  competence in House.

 We aim to get a good job done.

 We do so because  it isn't cost-effective to have people with very high levels of  skill which might only be used appropriately on our four times  salary books.

 The rate that was paid was the going rate in the  market.

 New figures show that this area has  three of the most improved state schools and the whole of the  country.

 Hull Trinity, Caistor Grammar and he leans calling  Grimsby were all named with the publication of the annual league  tables.

 -- Healing School.

 They show that more pupils are achieving  a starter C.

 But Hull still remains one of the worst areas in the  country.

 Education tables - never has  something caused so much debate between teachers and parents.

 Three  schools, including Healing School, have made a coveted list of most  improved schools.

 That means, over the last three years, they have  achieved the biggest improvements to the number of pupils getting  five A grades and Cs.

 Including English and maths.

 The principal  told us how they had achieved this.

 We have become very sophisticated  it in our use of assessment data, in tracking students to make sure  that, as they journey through the school, they don't get lost on the  way.

 And we have also become very good at personalising the  curriculum.

 As you can see, there have been approved loans across the  The highlighted sections at the end show the improvement from last year.

  Some were better than others.

 North-east Lincolnshire shot up the  national league tables by 34 places.

 North Lincolnshire improved their  results by 6%, their best result There is a strong commitment to  good quality teaching and a real commitment to making subject  choices relevant and exciting for young people in a way that once --  which makes them want to achieve.

 Although local education authority  bosses in Hull will be celebrating because they have hit the 40%  target they have wanted for several years, if you look at the national  league table, out of 152 local authorities, Hull are still third  from bottom.

 Thank you.

 Judith Harwood is the  Head of Learning at Hull City Council.

 I asked for her reaction  to today's league tables.

 suspected, of course, based on what  we knew from the August results, we have moved up the league table.

 The  important thing is that continuous improvement, 42.

3, a good news  story.

 You wanted to get above the 40%, so to that extent it is good  news, but you are still third from the bottle in the national league  table.

 -- from the bottom.

 We are under no illusion.

 We want to climb  to 50% and we want to get the majority of children achieving five  GCSEs or more.

 We want to climb be on that.

 Why do you think you are  still there? Be it is building on the successes we are putting in  place.

 Some of the strategies I have talked about before.

 It is  getting up all schools in a position where they can claim to be  a good school or outstanding school, and it is gaining in confidence  with parents for sending their children to visit schools.

 Does it  have anything to do with the fact that we don't have that many  suburbs? We are one of the few authorities that does not have the  suburbs, but the aspiration has to be that all our schools will be  good schools and parents will want children to go to our schools.

 It  should not disadvantaged children.

 So good news that a long way to go?  A very long way to go.

 This new system of measuring performance in  other subjects and the core subjects now, is this a mistake?  Many head teachers feel it has been rushed in.

 It has been rotting  quickly.

 It was brought in after this current number of pupils that  their examinations.

 -- it has been brought in quickly.

 It is a way of  measuring from a different angle how young people are achieving  qualifications they need later in life.

 But I wouldn't want.

.

.

 A  young person who hasn't got their GCSEs, I wouldn't want them to  think they were not meaningful.

 are leaving and going on to  pastures new.

 Your message to your successor? Keep up the good work.

  We are ready to do better.

 Is it doable to get to the top? Right at  the top? Very near the top? For I am going to say, I would like that.

  Could local councils do more to improve the standards of education?  If so, what would you like to see? And what do you think about the  league tables? As a parent or pupil, We look forward to hearing from you  as ever.

 The MP for Sleaford and North  Hykeham has asked Parliament to introduce a minimum price on milk.

  Stephen Phillips is calling for the measure to try to stop the  development of the so-called super dairy in his constituency.

 50,000  people have signed a petition in opposition to the plans at Nocton  near Lincoln.

 Developers in my constituency are currently seeking  planning permission for a so-called super dairy, in reality an  industrialised will production facility, at Nocturne fen, a  beautiful sight at the heart of a number of long established rural  communities, who are almost universally united in their  opposition to the development.

 It just a few extra pence were paid by  consumers for milk, the British dairy industry wouldn't need to  consider undergoing this form of a London -- fundamental change.

  After we talked about the story last night, we had a huge response  on the subject of the petition, which was handed in yesterday, on  the plans for the super dairy at Subtitles unavailable for 0 minutes  You might want to comment on  whether you agree there should be a minimum price for milk.

  Still ahead: A year on from the Haiti earthquake, more Lincolnshire  fire fighters are trained to deal with disasters.

  And the eight year-old boy hoping to become one of the youngest top  You can send your pictures in on CD, Walter Hardy did this and this is  his picture, a stunning photograph of The Deep.

 That you very much.

  Another picture tomorrow night at about the same time.

  There is something of a well-known website up for sale today, Paul  Hudson publicity card.

 An opening price of 99 p.

 No bids so far.

  There for 99p! You could get my book get 99p.

  You can get several.

 You can get several.

  And now for a look at the weather.

 Temperatures tonight about eight or  nine degrees, very mild compared with what we have been used to.

 A  lot of cloudy and patchy rain although the main weather front  will be down across the South of Britain, leaving us with a moist,  cloudy but on the whole mostly drive weather.

 Just patchy rain.

  Here is the extent of the cloud.

 Coming up from the Atlantic.

  Temperatures are in double figures right now, which makes a change.

  Misty and murky especially across Moore southern areas.

 Further north,  east Yorkshire, the odd spot of rain.

 Here is the lowest  temperatures, in the range of seven to nine degrees.

 The sun will rise  in the morning at around 8.

12, setting at about 4.

08.

 On the whole,  a fair amount of dry weather tomorrow, a lot of cloud, but the  breeze will hopefully break-up that cloud.

 Some very respectable  temperatures for the time of year.

 The average for January is seven  degrees, be other key at 10 or 11 across East Yorkshire.

 Further  inland, getting up to 12.

 From any frost-free at night, mild with a  frost-free at night, mild with a lot of cloud and the risk of  further patchy rain.

 It will not be 99p for much longer.

  Is it signed? If you decide, it is worth less.

 -- if it is signed.

  Retailers in Yorkshire and they could just say it has been the  worst Christmas ever.

 Surveys say the number of shoppers visiting has  fallen by as much as 9% in December.

 Some stores have seen takings for  by more than half and see a tree does not pick up, they could be  forced out of business.

 Retailers were braced for a  difficult Christmas, but the Arctic weather has left stickies far lower  than many had expected.

 Sarah Ball has been in the business for ten  years and says it is the worst Christmas she can remember.

  Compared to last year, the takings were down by more than 50 bee.

  has been the worst Christmas in a long time.

 When they did not pick  up after the snow.

.

.

 We are not sure what happened.

 We take each  day as it comes and hope that things will pick up again.

 The shop  next door was even closing its doors today after just seven months  in business.

 It is now moving to a more residential area after growing  concerns about food falls in the city centre.

 People are nervous  about their own situations and that is making.

.

.

 It has reduced the  amount people thought they could spend on presents.

 And the snow  made it a real challenge to get out and shop.

 According to one survey,  across the country, there was a 3% fall in Christmas shoppers.

 Here in  the Yorkshire and Humber region, Footfalls were significantly lower,  dropping by 6.

5% during the whole of December.

 According to the  survey by Experian, the problems were even worse in Lincoln.

 Here  there was a 9.

4% drop in the amount of people out shopping.

 I did not  want to get all cold and miserable, I did it all on line.

 With the cold,  I went out a lot less.

 Maybe, shops like supermarkets, it was easier.

  The coldest December on record has been felt financially on our high  streets with retailers hoping the January sales can make a difference.

  Phil is live at Princes Quay in Hull.

 Is this something which is  affecting all retailers? Peter, all retailers tell me it has  been a very challenging Christmas.

 The decorations come down here this  evening.

 Even then big centres like Princes Quay, the arctic weather  has been felt.

 Footfalls you have fallen by around 90%, not just been  blamed on the weather but also things like spending cuts and the  wider economic position.

 I am told that in the week just before  Christmas there was a last-minute surge.

 For most of the retailers,  it proved too little, too late.

 The big winners in all of this will be  the shoppers.

 Between now and the end of January, there would be some  great bargains to be had.

 A year ago today, this earthquake  hit Haiti, leaving 250,000 people dead and millions Thomas.

 Several  Lincolnshire firefighters were part of the search-and-rescue effort  appetite.

 -- millions homeless.

 Today million -- new recruits were  being trained up at RAF Waddington.

 The devastation was indescribable.

  The panic and the people were in great need.

 We went to a primary  school, many of the children had lost their lives.

 We were unable to  help anybody there.

 It was the kind of chaos and suffering that no  training could fully prepare them for.

 There were areas that were  completely destroyed.

 Hundreds of thousands of people homeless.

 Just  distraught and had nowhere to go.

 It was fairly frightening.

 It was  extremely satisfying to be able to do a little bit to help the few  people, albeit the skill of the disaster was incomprehensible.

  there were some moments of joy, the team rescued a two-year-old girl  called Mia who had been trapped under rubble for days.

 It really  made it worthwhile.

 Search-and- rescue, can you hear me? And now,  the men's experiences have inspired others to join the elite team sent  to disasters around the world.

 know there is a lot of devastation  they have to do with and it is quite horrific, but the training we  do, the reason rejoined is to go and tell people, so if they get to  save lives, that is the reason we are in the job.

 Alfie is also one  of the new recruits.

 He replaced the team's last search-and-rescue  dog Holly who was retired after her return from Haiti.

 He will be  trained to search a wide area, and can do it a lot quicker than humans.

  Their experiences and Haiti have helped the team improve their  training methods.

 But they of the devastation they saw in those weeks  will not be repeated in the near future.

 -- but they hope.

  Grimsby Town had their second defeat in four days last night.

  Their 1-0 result at York City means they are 9th in the Blue Square  Premier league -- premier division.

 Last night we had the story of two  homeowners who had been left without running water for tea weeks.

  After we featured their story, their problem has now been fixed.

  Kate Mercer and her neighbours finally got the mains supply back  on last night.

 They had been collecting buckets of water from a  farm since December 22nd.

 Yorkshire Water is now carrying out work on  the plight.

 It was just great, I went upstairs to brush my teeth.

 I  was able to use the toilet and whatever else.

 It is fantastic.

 I  was just so relieved, I did not know what to do last night after  that happened.

 It was as if a great cloud had been lifted, thanks to  you! Great news, and if you have a story  you think we would be interested in, to drop me an e-mail.

 The details  are on your screen.

 It is not just stories we are after,  we are looking for you to give us your thoughts on all of the BBC's  programmes.

 To find out how to get involved, here is Crispin Rolfe.

  The BBC.

 We are always inviting you to have you see on issues, now it  is your chance to have your say about us.

 Whether it is what we do  locally, to children's programmes, EastEnders or the iPlayer.

 If you  have strong views and you would like to join an audience group to  tell us what do you think, you can apply for an information pack  online or by calling the freephone number.

 He will have to have your  application in by January the 28.

 - - you will have.

 It is not paid,  but you get expenses, and it is your chance to shape the future of  our broadcasting.

 He is just four stone and eight  years old, but Ewan Hall is already making a big nose in the world of  bell-ringing.

 He has become one of the youngest people in the country  to ring his first quarter peal.

 -- added noise.

 How Siobhan bobbins he  is here to tell us more.

 He may be only eight at have to  stand on a box, but that does not stop Ewan Hall practising his  favourite Hall despite hobby of Dalry.

 -- his favourite hobby.

 Of  bell-ringing.

 It still takes a lot of effort.

 Hopes! He has become the  at this person in the country to rain a quarter peal and if you're  not done with your bell we in the lingo, that means reading 10 bells  more than 1250 times in more than 45 minutes.

 A good effort when you  were just four stone.

? I maybe the youngest in the country but I am  not sure about the whole world.

 is a real landmark piece of regain,  the quarter peal.

 -- Reading.

 this good, you need an early start.

  He first went into a bell tower when he was just two do -- days all.

  He took to it like a fist to water and he has just taken off.

 He is no  doubt about ringing start, but if he needs any tips, there is someone  close by be can give him some We all knew it was coming!  Let's get a recap of the national and regional headlines:.

  20,000 homes in Brisbane are likely to be evacuated in flooding  described as a once in a century disaster.

  Record low temperatures have meant that repairs to our schools will  cost more than 1 billion pounds and could take months to complete.

  Cloudy and well tomorrow with patchy rain, and some brighter  spells.

 Dr Bridges around 12 Celsius.

 If -- top temperatures.

  On the subject of education and league tables, thank you for the e-  mails and texts.

 It is nothing short of a disgrace.

  The teachers be to take their fair share of the blame.

  While pupils are 0 respect for teachers and authority of any kind,  the achievements of schools will not improve.

  Perhaps if teachers did not close the schools at the first sign of  snow, pupils should get better results.

  When I passed my GCSE exams last

 Acrimony and threats of legal  action within the coalition government, over whether or not to  change the voting system.

 The riflt over the alternative vote  referendum for Westminster turns ugly - the rift.

  It's going to be a lot more difficult if you don't have the  same respect for colleagues because frankly they've departed so far  from the foundations of truth in an election campaign.

  Colonel Gaddafi's forces bombard the city of Misrata a day after  rebels celebrated the withdrawal of government troops.

  And Celtic's manager, Neil Lennon  reacts to taunts at the crucial Old  Good afternoon.

 The energy secretary Chris Huhne has there  theened legal action over what he has described as n truths made by  coalition colleagues in the campaign it change the voting  system at Westminster.

 He has accused them of making false  claims about the costs.

 Today the Foreign Secretary, William Hague,  insisted the coalition was working well, despite feelings, he said  running high.

 What happens when those who have  governed to the campaign apart? The Lib Dems want you to say yes to  changing the way we elect MPs.

 The Conservatives want you to say no,  but could that disagreement tear them apart? How are we going to get  the populist to really take us seriously? Can you not have just a  slight argument with Mr Cameron? Just a little.

.

.

 Days ago Lib Dems  were egging Nick Clegg on.

 A newspaper interview today appears  to show he paid attention.

 He said the "no" campaign was based on  misinformation and deceit and he hoped it would be the death rattle  of a right-wing elite.

 The "no" campaign's disputed claim  that changing the system would cost more has even led one Lib Dem  cabinet minister to threaten legal action and refuse to rule out  resigning.

 I can tell you it will be a lot more difficult if you  don't have the same respect for colleagues, because, frankly,  they've departed so far from the foundations of truth in an election  campaign.

 At the moment, you elect your MP by putting one cross  against the name of your favourite candidate and the one with the most  votes wins.

 Under the Alternative Vote, would you rank candidates in  order of preference.

 If one candidate gets more than half the  votes, they're elected, but if not, the candidate with the fewest votes  is kicked out and their second preferences are distributed.

 That  goes on until someone gets over half the votes or no more votes can  be given out.

 How do you react? The campaign  against changing it is separate, too, but supported by the  Conservatives.

 The Foreign Secretary played down the spat.

  These things do get bandied about in a referendum campaign, feelings  run high, people get excited.

 I think the important thing for  people to know is that the coalition is working well together.

  It continues to work well.

 A Number Ten source says the  referendum will not split the coalition but even though political  campaigning can often be rough, fractures can take times to fix.

  Well Laura joins me now.

 How serious are the Liberal Democrats  about all this? I think there is a flare of genuine anger about  elements of the "no" campaign and some of the disputed claims that  have been made but we would be wise to see this in the context of the  election, particularly the referendum on changing the voting  system as well as local council elections and in other elections in  other parts of the UK.

.

 The Lib Dems have a one in a generation  chance of changing the voting system which would help them to do  better in elections in the future.

 The biggest accusation that has  been put to them since they have been in the coalition is that  they've somehow been swallowed up by the Conservatives, they have  lost their identity, they are not their own party, they are rolling  over and doing what David Cameron says.

 In the last few days, the  message has been coming out pretty loud and clear from them - look,  we're not Tories, we are not Conservatives, we still do have our  own identityity, we still do believe that we can do things  differently.

 And in part, that is very much what this is about.

 They  want to do two things: shore up their own voters, try to get them  to turn out in the elections in ten days' time and also reach out to  Labour voters, and they hope they can do that by assuring people that  they still are different from the Conservatives.

 Many thanks.

  Now the Foreign Office has urged all British nationals in Syria to  leave the country unless they have a pressing need to remain because  of the deteriorating security situation.

  More than 100 anti-government protesters are reported to have  been killed by security forces, over the past two days.

  The Yemeni President, speaking to the BBC has warned of the dangers  of more anti-government protestings a day after announcing he would  step down from office in exchange from immunity from prosecution but  thousands of demonstrators have rejected a Hanover plan and have  vowed to remain in the capital, Sana'a, until President Saleh  leaves the country.

 There are further reports of fighting in the  Libyan city of Misrata.

 Libyan rebels say pro-government troops  have been bombarding the city centre and residential areas.

 Our  World Affairs Correspondent is in Benghazi and joins us now.

 What is  the latest on the ground in Misrata you are hearing?  Our information from inside the city is that the bombardment has  continued today.

 We've managed to speak in the last half an hour to a  trusted source in the city.

 He is a senior doctor at the local hospital.

  He said there had been shelling in Misrata before noon local time.

  It's been quiet since then, but he said ten people have been killed so  far today.

 45 wounded.

 He said the casualty toll was split pretty  evenly between civilians and rebels but he also said there were reports  of civilians being kidnapped from their houses on the outskirts of  the city.

 Now the situation seems to be that Colonel Gaddafi's forces  are still around Misrata.

 They have pulled back from some locations in  the centre of the city.

 These were areas that we saw ourselves in  recent days and where rebel fighters have managed to cut them  off, depriving them of supplies.

 So it seems this withdrawal is  tactical.

 Both the rebels and civilians alike believe that  Colonel Gaddafi intends to keep up his siege of the city one way or  the other and may send back his forces in civilian clothing and  vehicles.

 Many thanks.

  Now extra police were deployed to the streets of Glasgow today, amid  fears of violence between Celtic and Rangers' fans as their teams  met for the Old Firm game.

 There's been concern about rising sectarian  tension after parcel bombs were sent to the Celtic boss Neil Lennon.

  The match endeds in a goalless draw.

 There were a handful of arrests.

  For Celtic's Neil Lennon, this was business and booing as usual.

  Although the atmosphere surrounding the match has been anything but.

  Fans on both sides have found their rival traditions under scrutiny.

  It's a game of football.

 Let's concentrate on the football and  forget about everything else.

 bad nugs.

 Nobody's life should be  threatened.

 -- It's bad news.

 By so-called bigots or terrorists.

  Although there are issues in the community, as a whole which need to  be sorted out by - not by Rangers and Celtic, but by the authorities  who run this country.

 On the field it wasn't until the  second half that the game came alive.

  Three minutes later, Celtic thought they'd scored.

  A wonderful save.

 Then, with the match petering out,  Celtic's Anthony Stokes was sent tumbling.

 It was a chance to beat  rangers and virtually clinch the league.

 COMMENTATOR: This is such a  massive moment in the race for the title.

  It's foiled by the outstanding McGregor.

 The 0-0 draw leaves  Celtic one point behind their bitter rivals with a game in hand.

  Neil Lennon make light of the jeers against him.

 Don't ask me about  that.

 It's called humour.

 Don't distract away from my team's  performance.

 You will have the photographs tomorrow.

 It is a bit  of fun.

 We'd been warned to expect a perfect storm of potential  trouble.

 But in fact the crowd seemed subdued.

 I think it was  tense and respectful.

 I think folk were listening to the messages,  just to make it a good competition.

 It'll never go away.

 It is Scottish  football.

 So neither side has gained an advantage in the race for  the league title but there are wider implications for the  reputation of Scotland.

 What really matters now is that  measures to tackle sectarianism here begin to make a difference.

  A tornado that ripped through the main airport in the US state of  Missouri left passengers running for their lives and a trail of  destruction that could take two months to repair.

 Limited flights  resumed this afternoon after power was restored to the airport.

 The  Tornado in St Louis has been described as one of the most  powerful Missouri has ever experienced.

 Security at Lambert St  Louis Airport.

 All quiet until this.

 It was the moment a devastating  Tornado struck.

 The lights go out, security staff flee from falling  debris.

 CCTV shows passengers, many still clutching luggage, being  buffeted by the storm.

 And outside the terminal, 200 Milan  hour winds left nothing untouched.

 Instantaneously all the windows  started blowing out at one time.

 The wind picked the car up.

 I threw  the phone and grabbed her out of the car seat and put her in my lap  in the front seat and just bent over and held on to her.

  Five people were injured at the airport.

 But the Tornado's reach  extended well beyond, in the streets and communities of St Lewis,  it has left a trail of destruction in its db St Louis.

  The Archbishop of Canterbury has delivered his Easter messages,  urging Christians to seek happiness rather than prosperity.

 Dr Rowan  Williams said there was more to life than gross national produk.

  Meanwhile the leader of the Catholic Church in Scotland used  his message to attack what he called aggressive secularism.

  Christianity's principal festival a plea for peace from the head of the  world's largest church.

 In Libya.

.

.

 Pope Benedict said dialogue should  replace arms in Libya.

 He called on European countries to show  compassion to refugees from the conflict.

 May human diggity replace  the darkness of diviegs, he said.

 - - human dignity, replace the  darkness of division.

 The leader of the Roman Catholic Church in  England and Wales, said that the tsunami in Japan showed that death  was part of life.

 But he said that the resurrection  of Jesus means that Christians should not live in fear of death.

  We see death neverry war zon and the work of death in our own lives  but opposed to that, breaking over that is the victory of Christ.

  That's why this feast is so central to the Christian understanding of  life.

 Archbishop Nicholls acknowledged that there were people  who sought to mock and denigrate this Christian messages but  insisted they often lack knowledge or understanding of it.

 Another  senior Catholic launched a Blissering attack against those he  said were the enemies of Christianity in Britain and he  claimed they were seeking to destroy Christian heritage and  culture here.

 Cardinal Keith O'Brien, the leader  of the Roman Catholic Church in Scotland, insisted such people  wielded great power and were trying to remove God from public life.

  Cardinal O'Brien claimed that people who stuck to traditional  Christian teaching on homosexuality were being marginalised.

 At  Canterbury Cathedral, the leader of the Church of England, warned  people were linking happiness too closely to material possessions.

  Now it's certainly a good thing that people have publicly  acknowledged that there is more to life than the level of our gross  national product.

 But we are just beginning to say out loud that  corporate prosperity, divorced from personal and communal fulfilment or  stability is an empty thing.

 Real joy, said Dr Williams, came from  human relationships.

 Just five days before the wedding  of Prince William and Kate Middleton at Westminster Abbey the  Royal Family has gathered at Windsor for the Easter service.

 The  prince and his pride-to-be were not present but the Queen was presented  with flowers by local children outside St George's Chapel.

 Duke of  York and his daughter's also attended.

  In China at least 20 members of a Christian church have been detained  as they gathered for an Easter service.

 The leaders of the  Shouowang Church are now under house arrest.

 China's constitution  allows freedom of worship in state churches but some refuse do bow to  control.

 8.

00am and in every corner of this  district, police, rounding up anyone suspected to be a Christian  from the Shouowang Church.

 We saw around 20 taken away for  trying to hold an Easter service here, in the open.

  Shouowang Church's leaders are all already under house arrest.

  For three weeks now police have been here every Sunday, rounding up  the congregation.

 Shouowang Church is one of Beijing's biggest so-  called underground churches it.

 Has around 1,000 members but sl ill-  legal because it refuses to submit to Communist Party co.

 The  Government has had it evicted from the building it used to occupy and  is preventing to permit it to move into a new home built by money  raised by members this.

 Worshipper said they don't want conflict with  the government but the harder it tries to repress them, the more  people will resist.

 TRANSLATION: As a Christian, it is  our right to worship, whether in our homes or outdoors, it is  everyone's basic right.

 It is even in China's constitution, no matter  how hard they arrest us, how hard they try to prevent us, it can't be  stopped.

 And this is how China's atheist  state says people are allowed to worship.

  In government-controlled churches.

 Around 20 million attend these.

  But an estimated 50 million are in underground congregations.

 In their  swelling numbers and devotion, the Communist Party sees a real threat.

  It's not just independent Christians.

 In the past few weeks  China has launched the biggest crackdown in 20 years, since after  the massacre at the square.

 Internet Christian bloggers have  been taken away and banished and others sentenced to jail terms.

 All  because the party fears revolutions in North Africa could spread here  and it is determined to crush any threat to its hold on power.

  Football and Arsenal's Premier League title hopes appear to be  over after defeat by Bolton.

 Daniel sturage gave Bolton a surprise lead  towards the end of the first half.

 -- Daniel Sturridge.

  Robin van Persie struck an equaliser shortly after the break,  punishing a Bolton penalty miss

 Castle.

.

 Thanks for those, Odian.

  Good evening and welcome to BBC Look North.

 The headlines tonight:  A hospital trust goes in the red by 14 million.

 Tonight there are  warnings jobs could be lost.

 Will they clause services, at  Lincoln, or Boston? Tributes to the mum of six who lost  her battle with cancer.

 We cannot understand it.

 You have  to make the most of every moment you have.

  It's hoped this Anglo-Saxon tradition will make for a bumper  harvest.

 Eventually, we will have  It runs hospitals in Lincolnshire and today the United Lincolnshire  Hospitals Trust has admitted jobs may have to go as it tackles a  multi-million pound budget shortfall.

 Earlier this year it was  predicting a £1 million surplus but now admits it has actually  overspent by £14 million.

 It has led to fears about jobs and  healthcare services in the county.

 Phil Connell reports.

  It has been described as a health trust in financial meltdown.

 It is  expected to over spend this year by £14 million.

 It comes at a time  when further savings are having to be made.

  This Grantham councillor says the timing could not have been worse.

  He fears the time could be a target for closures and cutbacks.

  Will they close services, in Lincoln, or Boston or will Grantham  be the scapegoat? People are angry.

 It is a different story to the one  the Trust had planned.

 They were hoping to end the financial year  with £1 million in surplus so what has gone wrong?  A the Trust has blamed its predicament on an unexpected  increase in that mere -- in emergency admissions.

 The problem  is also exacerbated by a shortage of doctors.

 There are 31 consultant  vacancies that are presently being filled by expensive agency staff.

  The United Lincolnshire Hospitals Trust is in charge of hospitals in  Lincoln, Grantham, and Boston.

 Today, questions about the  overspend were being raised by patients and visitors arriving at  Lincoln.

 There are not enough staff as it is  an they need to spend more on care.

 Whenever there are shortages of  money, we are fearful that lie with hospital will be closed.

  -- Louth Hospital BBC Lincolnshire will have more on  this story on their breakfast show tomorrow, but in the meantime, let  me know your thoughts.

 Are you worried about hospital  services where you live? How do you think the Trust can save £14  In a moment, claims coal leads the way as wind power fails in the cold  weather.

 A man who died after his car  plunged into the river Witham this morning had been spoken to by  police shortly before.

 Officers had spoken to a 70-year-old man in a  lay-by at Tattershall Bridge.

 Shortly afterwards, the car ended  up in the river.

 The man was airlifted to hospital but didn't  survive.

 The Independent Police Complaints Commission has been told.

  Lincoln construction company Symons has confirmed it has made 24 people  redundant.

 It follows a number of redundancies made just before  Christmas.

 The firm says it needs to keep a strong position in a  challenging market.

 A specially designed lorry has been  tested today, to see if it can carry parts of wind turbines from  Hull docks to a new East Yorkshire windfarm.

 The energy company behind  the site at Roos say the lorry can be extended to carry blades of up  to 45 metres long.

 It has been specially designed to cope with  tight bends on the small village roads.

  We have carried out computer modelling and we just want to  confirm that does work with a Beale lorry.

 -- a Beale lorry.

 -- real.

  The family of a Hull mum of six who died of terminal cancer have paid  tribute to her.

 Zoe Ward lost her battle last week.

 Before she died  she was asked to turn on Hull's Christmas lights as recognition of  all the work she'd done to help other patients.

  I look a life so much more differently now and it has done a  lot for me.

 Today I spoke to her husband David and he talked to me  about what an inspiration she has been.

  When she went to hospital I was hoping she would come out.

 She said,  going in just after Christmas, will I be coming out again? I think  everybody had gone through seeing her and towards the evening, I  thought, I need to be with her.

 My mum said to me earlier, I think she  is waiting for you to tell her that she can go.

 I said, I cannot.

 I  cannot let her go.

 It was really difficult.

 I held her hand, talking  to her.

 Telling her to relax and it will be fine.

 You have done really  well and you have fought really hard and it is time for you to go.

  I will be fine.

 She just gently seemed to fade away from us.

  It is unbearable to think of the pain you must be an.

 You have been  brave, doing this and she would have loved for you to be doing this.

  This is for her.

 Everything she has done, her courage and bravery and  strength, that is what has made me want to do this.

 I am so proud for  what she has done and achieved.

 She was such a strong person.

 She has  done so much.

 It fills me with laugh.

 This emptiness and blackness  I thought I would have, I have this amazing love for her, as though she  has never let me and that is all down to her strength.

 How cruel is  that to be taken away at 33, when she did not more, do anything, she  was very healthy.

 She was a healthy person.

 At that age, you just  cannot understand it.

 Life in that respect is awful and that is why  you must make their most of every moment you have.

  A really remarkable woman and you can hear much more from David Ward  Still ahead tonight: Calls for a memorial to the men who  died fighting in a foreign war.

 Straightforward, double Waite.

.

.

  And the leader of the pack - we'll speak to Lincolnshire world darts  champion Martin "Wolfie" Adams.

 It is an industry expected to  create thousands of jobs in this area over the next decade but now  the reliability of wind power has been called into question.

 After  the recent record-breaking cold spell, it has emerged that much of  our electricity was provided by coal-fired power stations because a  lack of wind meant the turbines couldn't turn.

 Paul Hudson has been  investigating.

 It has been one of the coldest  start to winter ever recorded and coal-fired power stations like this  have been working flat out to keep us warm.

 At times of peak demand  during December, the intense cold went hand in hand with light winds.

  Wind turbines like these produced hardly any power.

 On one of the  coldest days ever recorded last month, coal produced 23,000  megawatts of power.

 Gas produced 22,000, nuclear 8,000, but winds  produced only 20 megawatts.

 The problem is this - at times of  severe cold weather or heat waves in the summer, there is usually  very little went to generate electricity at the times of peak  demand.

 In nine years' time, 25% of via  electricity will be supplied by a wind farms.

 What happens then? Cole,  and gas facilities will have to exist as a standby facility and  that is an expensive way of producing electricity.

  Coming writing to the rescue is the King Cole.

 It is reliable, there is  plenty of it and it is dependable.

 Wind farms can be controversial.

  Residents here recently demonstrated against one plant for  their time.

 But there are plans to build much more.

 Their big  advantage is they create no pollution.

  They modern wind turbines generator is generating electricity for about  85% of the time and the argument in favour is that went, like the waves  and the tight, is absolutely free.

 There are no transport costs and  there is no waste to clear up after the event.

 The UK enjoys more on --  one of the most abundant resources of wind, wave and tidal power and  we think it makes sense to harness that.

  The UK will soon be much more reliant on wind power but in the  meantime, conventional coal and gas power stations will have to come to  the rescue when the wind does not law, and that will probably mean  bigger bills for the consumer.

 You can read some more of Paul's  Ian says, Peter treated yesterday about walking to the ferry and back.

  I wonder if he went to Amsterdam? The big news is that we will get a  traditional West to south-westerly wind.

 It will allow an number of  weather fronts to sweep and a from the south-west.

 There is a very  active looking cold front pushing in from the West.

 It looks set to  turn conditions wet and windy over the next few hours.

 That rain will  sleep and, turning heavy and persistent at times.

 A windy night  to come, especially at first.

 The sun will rise at the morning at 813  A M -- 830 Naeem.

 -- 8:13am.

 It should be dry and increasingly  bright.

 We should get sunshine by the time they get to the middle or  the end of the afternoon.

 Wednesday through to Friday, some spells of  rain that but look at that, or for the first time that since November,  The families of eight Hull men who fought in the Spanish Civil war  have joined a campaign for a bigger memorial to them.

 It is 75 years  since the start of the conflict in 1936.

 Currently, there is just a  small plaque in Hull to commemorate the lives which were lost.

 Robert  Wardle and Jim Bentley both died less than a month after arriving in  Spain.

 And our correspondent, Paul Murphy, has been re-tracing their  June Spencer atrocities -- there were reaches into its third week.

  There is a plaque here that I must up past six or seven times and  never given it a second glance.

 On that are the names of the men that  joined the International Brigade, volunteers from all over the world  form to defend the Spain's socialist government against  General Franco's fascist militia.

 This woman's late husband spent  almost his entire life researching the Spanish Civil War and his  father who went to fight.

 He said that he did not to -- did not know  if he could do what his father had done.

 Affair War fighter left to  his daughter a box of mementoes of his civil war days.

 This is the  International Brigade.

 There is no falter when this.

 It's is better to  die an hour -- eye on her feet as free men than by on her knees as  slaves.

 We do not know where our local men got their first taste of  war.

 What we do know is that by the spring of 1938, they had come here  to Catalonia.

 The hell of death claimed to both of them.

 It was  less than a month after they arrived in Spain.

 This was the  summer, it would have been hot.

 To order spot-on to try and hold debt  mountains.

 We're here to look for a sample were memorial inscribed the  names of the volunteers.

 It feels a long way from the streets of Hall,  does it not? Yes it does.

 But there is a connection between them and  have more of us is that connection.

 Now there is a campaign to make at  memorial to mark their loss.

 And you can see Paul Murphy's full  report on Hull's links to the Spanish Civil war on Inside Out,  that's tonight at 7:30pm on BBC One.

 In football, the former Lincoln  City player Richard Butcher has died suddenly aged just 29.

 The  player made more than 100 appearances for the Imps in three  separate spells before moving onto Macclesfield Town.

 Damian Johnson  joins me now.

 That is sad news, isn't it, especially so soon after  the death of Keith Alexander? Yes, it is a real tragedy.

 Turning  now to the action this weekend, it has been a poor weekend for our  part of the world in the FA Cup third round.

 All three of our teams  who were still in the competition were knocked out.

  Hull City failed to complete what would have been a remarkable  turnaround against Wigan in round three.

 Nick Barmby scored two goals  but the visitors went through 3-2.

 Michael Collins briefly gave  Scunthorpe United hope against Everton, but the Premier League  side were far too good and won 5-1.

 Lincoln City finally got to play  their delayed second round tie with Hereford United but were edged out  4-3 with Mathieu Manset's goal proving decisive.

  Elsewhere, the new owners of Hull City, Aseem and Ehab Allam, say  they would like to buy the KC Stadium from Hull City Council.

 At  present, both Hull City and Hull FC lease the ground but the Allams  want to take it off the council's hands creating a sports villageand  increasing the capacity to nearly 40,000.

  And good news for Lincolnshire over the weekend, a darts world champion.

  Yes, that's right, Martin "Wolfie" Adams is £100,000 the richer after  retaining his BDO World Darts crown at Lakeside last night.

 He beat  Yorkshireman Dean Winstanley 7-5 to take the title for the second year  running and is already targeting a hat trick of victories by winning  again next year.

 For the third time, his theme tune  rang out at the venue to salute him as world champion.

 He had to come  from behind after trailing 5 to four.

 He eventually took the title  with a double late, to win it 7 sets up to five.

 Thank you to my  wife for putting up with me! And I would like to thank each and every  person who has been here this year.

 You have been fantastic! At 54, he  is the oldest ever champion and the setting his sights on winning again  the next year.

 Martin "Wolfie" Adams got back to  his home in Deeping Saint James earlier today, and we managed to  catch up with him.

 I began by asking him if he had a sore head  this morning.

 Noel, it is fine.

 We had a quiet drink in the bar and  that was it.

 How have the locals reacted? I have not seen too many,  but I know it will be good.

 How did you manage it? With the heat, you  just have to cope with it.

 They say that darts is that the new rock and  roll.

 How does it feel to be king of the sport? It feels great.

 That  is something very special.

 Now I have a chance to have a hat-trick.

  You were the oldest rocker in town, if you do not need me saying, at 54.

  Are there lot of youngsters snapping at your heels? Yes, they  always will be.

 We saw one from Holland who is getting better and  better.

 Watching the coverage, you dedicated the victory to go wife.

  You have £100,000 in your back pocket, that is a lot of shoes and  handbags, is it not? Too many for me to carry! What we spend it on?  De only thing that we have in mind that the moment is a new car for  her daughter in law because my son and daughter-in-law are expecting  their first baby in March.

 You are more this world champion.

 Thank you  for joining us.

 Thank you very much.

 It is something which will affect  anyone who has a television.

 And today, the campaign to raise  awareness about the digital switchover has been launched in our  part of the world.

 It is all about a change in the way we will receive  our TV signals and what you will need to do to keep getting  programmes like Look North.

 Here's Leanne Brown.

  Back in the day, viewing TV was simple and uncomplicated, with just  the one channel, the BBC.

 Now, though, it is very different, with  thousands of channels to chose from.

 And to make sure you get them you  need to go digital because, in the autumn, analogue TV is being  switched off.

 Any TV can be converted with a simple set-top box  but for people with satellite or cable, they have already switched  to.

 If you do not switch, you will not get television.

 To help get the  message across a special switchover poem was broadcast in a Hull  shopping centre.

 There is a kind of broadcast revolution, affecting the  way that everybody views institutions like Match Of the Day  and the Doctor Who.

 The hardest thing was to make a grim and have a  read them.

 The idea is that people might remember it for a rhyme and  rhythm that they might not remember otherwise.

 So do people really know  what's going on? No idea.

 Yes I have skied, no need to worry about  that.

 So make sure you look out for information like this, or the  future of TV could look like this.

 It is a tradition which supposedly  helps guarantee a good apple harvest.

 It is called wassailing,  and involves, among other things, hanging bits of toast from tree  branches.

 This weekend, the ritual was held at an orchard near Hull,  and Emma Massey was there.

 The peace and tranquillity of this  orchard is about to be broken.

 Banning of drums, chanting and  whistling is already -- all in aid of at Anglo-Saxon tradition cold  were sailing.

 -- wassailing.

 have a cup of mulled cider and a  piece of toast and we dip the toast in the cider and place it in the  trees for the guardians of the orchard to come and eat it and they  are do Robins.

 -- they are or Robins.

 The master of ceremonies at  Giggs his job very seriously.

 job is to grab the horn and shout  every so often.

 Silliness is a great English attribute and English  are especially good at Silenus.

 Given that it is only January now  and that hardest will not place until -- the harvest will not take  place until August, it is hard to see why it is happening now.

 It is  just a bit of fun, isn't it? Magic might be what is needed if last  year's harvest has to be beaten at this year.

  If you have a story, you cannot send us an e-mail at the usual  address.

 Let's get a recap of the national  and regional headlines.

 America observes a minute's silence  for six people killed in the Arizona shootings.

 Congresswoman  Gabrielle Giffords remains critical.

 Fears jobs could go and patients  could suffer in Lincolnshire as an NHS trust admits overspending by  millions.

 A cloudy start with patchy rain or  drizzle dying out through the morning, leaving a dry and bright  afternoon with some sunshine.

 Maximum temperature 6 Celsius.

  Responses were coming in over the trusts.

 I for one would be happy to  donate or funded for Michael Cole

 that serious abuses are continuing  in Bahrain.

 Now it is time for  Click.

 On cutters and adjustable  spanner.

 See what this baby can do.

 This week on Click we are doing it  ourselves and looking at how pint- sized computers in the classroom  could reignite our interest in code.

 We hit the road with some apps on  the mood and the propagation of  life through some not so heavy  petting in Webscape.

 If you are of a certain age like me, then your  first taste of Pep would probably have been a micro computer of the  1980s.

 Easy to programme and some of them were simple enough to build  yourself.

 Today's computers are vastly more complicated and that is  enough to poured almost any hobbyist of.

 So this week we  tracked down those who are still encouraging us to tinker under the  box.

 Back in the day every self- respecting car owner would know  their spark plugs from their  sprockets.

 Cars were similar --  simpler back then.

 On today computers are more complex than  ever.

 We leave the maintenance and development to the specialists.

 But  now this tiny device could change all that.

 It is call the Raspberry  Pi and it is a whole computer squeezed onto a single circuit  board.

 It is being developed in Cambridge and aims to be simple  enough that writing programmes for it will be child's play.

 It is very  much a work-in-progress but we did manage to debate it up this week in  the Click studio.

 In a world exclusive for Click, he is the  prototype of the Raspberry Pi device.

 Essentially it looks like a  US be stick.

 It has a US be input be sent for a keyboard and a mouse  and a video output at this end.

 In between is a ARM-11 processor.

 That  is a process there you can find in smartphones at the moment, but it  is doing more than a smart turn.

  Down is HDM1 making to face is an  operating system.

 It is showing off the power of this chip.

 The other  interesting thing is the cost.

 If the designers have done their sums  right, they think it would cost ï¿½15.

 That is about the price you would  pay for a textbook.

 The man behind the Raspberry Pi it is legendary  games maker David Braben.

 Recently  has been working on a Kinectimals  for the XBox.

 On any tour ran on the BBC Micro along with the  Commodore 64 and Sinclair Spectrum, these machines were commonplace in  1980s Britain.

 They were simpler machines which would not do much  unless you learn to write some coat.

 But now that students no longer  have access to computers like these, David is worried that the craft of  programming is being lost.

 When I was small we had home computers and  they were very easy to learn with because if you did something wrong  you could not put the computer into a bad state.

 It is very easy to  stop APEC working, sadly.

 Whether it is by uploading something  malicious or by deleting a file.

 Just keeping machines going is a  big expense.

 So hopefully this will bring a solution that the  generation of kids can have the advantage as I had a ticket.

 Make  loads of programmes and do great things.

 Things like Tomb Raider,  one of the most successful British games ever.

 There is a fear that  university graduates lacking in programming skills today.

 So one of  the men that helped it Lara Croft rise to fame is lobbying the  British government to change what is taught in schools.

 They learn  about Word, Power Point and Excel.

 They learn how to use and  application but they do not have the skills to make them.

 It is the  difference between reading and  writing.

 We are teaching people how  to read, but not how to write.

 The BBC Micro was in schools and when  people went home they also had their spectrum that could also do  programming.

 That has vanished from the curriculum and his is a  challenge in a digital age where this country needs digital creative  industries more than ever for the future of its economy.

 The skills  necessary to create these products arc vanishing.

 While Raspberry Pi  could provide a piece of the jigsaw, in some classrooms there is already  a small resolution taking place.

 Teachers liked Iain Anderson are  tearing up the rule books, ignoring the national curriculum and  focusing their lessons on code.

 lot of the children do not  understand that at Harry's and Commodore's back in the 80s.

 What  we are trying to do it is show them that they can make some gains,  create them and share them with other people.

 Today in this class  is designing their own computer  game.

 With the help of some  software the children can design levels, the NME and of course a  hero.

 It is all fun and games as they get to play on each other's  creations.

 Even during break time, some of the children are creating  games for the XBox, taming the Microsoft environment with kudu.

  What you doing now? Programming stars.

 Some children have already  said that since we have studied this they want to get more into  computers.

 They are getting interested in how games were.

 The  eldest asked 11, but if we can inspire a few of them we have done  a good job.

 So it's clear.

 The UK needs a new crop of codas capable  of keeping the gaming industry at the top of the lead.

 Although the  Raspberry Pi is being presented as a solution, getting it into school  will not be without significant hurdles.

 Not least is getting  teachers on board.

 Many will find themselves on a steeper learning  curve than their pupils.

 And yet without the support of teachers  this programme will not came the momentum in needs.

 Peter Price  going back to basics.

 Time for this week's tech news.

 The FBI is  investigating a Hecking campaign which compromised the Gmail  accounts of top US officials, military personnel and generous.

  The nature of the spearfishing attack, which targets particular  high-ranking individuals, raises the possibility that this was  espionage and not just ordinary cyber crime.

 Google said the  campaign originated in China.

 The Chinese government has stated it  was not involved.

 Microsoft had shown off an early release of the  next version of Windows, number eight.

 As we mentioned on Click a  few weeks ago it has been designed to run on ferns, tablets and  desktops using touch, mice and keyboards or some friendly keys.

 It  resembles a mix of Microsoft's new phone OS and windows without  running in lifetimes.

 One of the highlights this week that Taiwan's  Tett showed was a pad phone, the smart then that transforms into  waiting inched Ablett.

 A bit like Motorola's version but without a  keyboard, the phone sits inside the chassis.

 What will be next? A games  console which fits inside a phone which fits inside a tableau?  Perhaps we will see this at the Games Expo in Los Angeles.

 Last  week we discussed whether the internet should be regulated to  stop supposedly secret details from the King and being openly discussed  a mine.

 All that in the week that a super-injunctions in England to  protect the identity of a Manchester United footballer was  rendered useless when his name became the Web's worst kept secret.

  We ask you whether you thought that services like Twitter should be  gagged in certain circumstances.

 And whether that would be  technically possible anyway.

 The answers from our Twitter followers  were are surprisingly, no and no.

 Many of you were quick to compare  Twitter chatted to good old- fashioned gossip.

 You said it  should be treated as just that and not regulated.

 Possibly the crucial  difference is that gossip on Twitter spread so far, white and  incredibly fast.

 And anyone, anywhere in the world can listen  into the conversation.

 Does that make it more damaging than ordinary  gossip? Many of you did not like the implications that any such  gagging would have on freedom of speech and suggested that that  would keep us either locked in the 20th century or worse, according to  some of you, China.

 Only a very few of you made the point that privacy  does need to be respected and we all need to be careful with the  power that the work gives us.

 Basil echoes the Twitter's 10 argument  that it is not a publisher and these users should be held  accountable for their tweets.

 Although as Neil Atkinson points  out, in order to know what you are not allowed to talk about,  publishers do need to be told that injunctions in advance.

 And if  that's all of Twitter's users, that kind of defeats the object.

 And so  to the question of how you would go about getting something like a  Twitter anyway.

 Would it be at all possible to discuss certain  subjects from being discussed? The general consensus there was: Don't  be ridiculous.

 Even if you were picked off the site for breaking  the rules, you could easily register and a different name  within minutes.

 Michael Price says that even if they do ban certain  subject there is always a way around it.

 It would take an  enormous amount of processing power to monitor every tweak and it would  be pointless.

 If you ban to certain words or names it would make it  pretty easy to work out to which he is just by watching for which of  your tweets gets censored.

 Then there is the simple method of  slightly misspelling people's names, which has worked a treat since the  dawn of time.

 After all, if you ban the name Ryan Giggs, would you also  have to ban his name transposed.

 Oliver Bishop is not the first one  to notice that numbers and letters can quite easily be interchanged.

  The tweets that makes that point better than any other is this one:.

  In case you do need a bit of help it is technically impossible to  gauge any text based communications, regardless of the law.

 Then he will  very much for your brilliant comments.

 It is a fascinating issue  and one which I am sure will be its  head again very soon.

 Contact us  The internet in your car does not sound like a bright Adia.

 EBay,  Twitter, shopping for carrots, none of these should take priority over  driving.

 Richard Taylor should certainly no better.

  Driving to work in the morning, you tend to leave behind your hi-tech  creature comforts.

 The problem is, if you are like me and have a one  hour commute, that can be tough to handle.

 You might have a smartphone.

  Would it not be nice to enjoy all of your apps and entertainment on  your dreary drive? Being a technophile, it is something I have  been working towards for a while.

 I will show you how.

 It is  straightforward.

 I take my smartphone and have a physical  cable connected from the output to an auxiliary input in the back of  the stereo.

 Many stereos have the you apps.

 The next thing, charge it  up to make sure it does not run out of Jews.

 Where have done that, I  connected to a dock on my windscreen.

 That is reasonably  stable but his untidy, and a faff.

 Thankfully, there are more elegant  ways of achieving the same result.

 Earlier this year at the Consumer  Electronics Show, we saw a few ways that manufacturers are starting to  tap into the smart phones we have.

 Bluetooth to stream not just music  but also content from apps.

 This 16 -- synchronise with your head unit,  displaying information like the Facebook feed which it read out  aloud.

 We are starting to see ideas which take the concept of -- a  stage further, making smartphone apps centre-stage of the in-car  extravaganza.

 For a plug-and-play experience, what about putting the  hands said straight into the head unit? The system becomes little  more than a chassis.

 I find provides the guts and the functions.

  It sounds great.

 It looks neat also.

 It is not without drawbacks.

 The  iPhone's menus and applications only work vertically.

 You have to  release the phone to a different position to get the full  functionality.

 The whole experience is touch-screen.

 It soon becomes  apparent that that is actually far from ideal.

 I have physical as  buttons on my stereo which have tactile feedback so I know where I  am on the head unit, and I know how to change stations without  diverting my eyes from the road.

 The Oxygen system is a little bit  more disquieting to do that.

 You have to make sure you are  stationary before you do that.

 There are merits to having the  mobile internet connected to your in-car system.

 There is a slew of  great apps out there like Stitcher, a free download giving podcasts on  demand, as well as internet radius dreams.

 Remember two things.

 You  need decent mobile network coverage.

 All of the data will true to your  mobile plan quicker than you can request an internet feed of  birdsong from the Amazon.

 And how long commuter listening to internet  radio will be almost one gigabyte of data per month.

 Certain apps  like iCarRadio cater for this, offering a choice of regular and  lower than the streams.

 If you are still sold on the idea of net  connectivity in your car, this system offers a sophisticated way  of achieving it.

 It relies on the phone mainly for the internet  connection and any music you may have won it.

 How do you get the  things from your handset to the head unit? Wickham Street  wirelessly Oliver Bluetooth, with not just the music but the entire  internet connection.

 There are cable options also.

 If you have an  iPhone or iPod, you can cable it up in the unit will see the music and  you can play and control that from the head unit.

 If you do not, there  is a line cable input.

 Finally, if you have a flash drive with music,  you can attach that to the USB host.

 You can attach a data dongle to get  the internet connection that way.

 Last but not least, and SD slot is  behind the head u-net so you can put in an SD card which will  interrogate that and read the contents of your is a connection --  collection.

 There is so much connectivity.

 What makes this more  ambitious is that it is setting itself up as a platform for in-car  apps.

 At launch for our four.

 The internet radio and Google Maps apps  as well as to -- two pays for once.

 They focus on basic things.

 There  is enormous potential for evolution.

 The proper -- software is based on  and read so with Interface tweaks, and a smartphone at could be put  over for an in-car experience.

 The whole idea of a head yet in the  dashboard could itself be history.

 This windscreen display is a  concept today but do not be surprised if your next roadster has  a built-in feature like this as standard.

  Richard Taylor, a danger to others were the driving or not.

  As a new father, there is one question which I will eventually  have to deal with.

 To be honest I am dreading it.

 Where do babies  come from? How do you explain genetic coding to a three-year-old?  We have Auntie Kate on canned luckily.

 She has a good website for  that.

 I certainly do.

 I have a huge  family to prove it.

 Virtually speaking.

 Thingdom is an enchanting  addition to the Science Museum website, teaching children about  the science of genetics through a pleasing game reminiscent of  Tamagotchi.

 He is accessed a through the who and why Section,  under online staff.

 -- it is accessed.

  When you have made the first creature, you feed it and play with  it and generally make sure everything is hunky-dory for it  until it is ready to reproduce.

 Thankfully, that happens out of  sight, behind some music and the sound of children playing.

 Before  the critic can reproduce, they must impress their chosen mate.

 This  entails a mouse clicking game and you can then unlock part of the  world by genetically engineering  your beasties to have certain  traits.

 Happier reading.

 I first showed you Cooliris for  your desktop PC in 2009.

 If you missed that, shame on you.

 I  definitely suggest you have a look.

 They have done so much more to the  application since then.

 They have even bought some smartphone apps  which is why I mention it today.

 The iPhone app puts you search for  images online through a 3D  interface.

 The graphics have been  turned down for the iPhone to make it more data efficient.

 You can use  the tilled feature to go backwards and forwards through the image wall.

  That is pretty cool.

 The iPhone app lets you search for images online  through a scrolling wall.

 You have to go into preferences and turn on  the tilt control if you want to use that.

 This will give you a chance  to explore the other features you can have.

 I recommend you take a  look at a LiveShare, a free app from Cooliris available for Android  phones as well as Apple.

 It is a live photos rain sharing tool where  you can see your contacts upload as they appear.

 It is good for music  festivals.

 We talk so much about the places you can connect with  others online.

 Is it not just annoying when you try to sign up  and find your name is already gone? Namechk.

com allows you to scour the  social internet for any place where your monitors real-estate has been  already snapped up.

 It checks with 160 different social sites, all  from one page, so you can go through and get your favourite user  name before anybody else does.

 All of the big boys are covered.

 There  are obscure editions that I am certainly going to check out.

  Sites like this will not be stay ahead of the game in the fast-  moving world of technology.

 I can see serious implications for any a  slow-moving global corporations, who do not realise that the race of  prime social real-estate has  already started.

  Hello mum, I have told you that I do not get out of bed before 10 am  on a Sunday morning, so you've you want to leave a message, I will  call you when there I have had coffee.

 Thank you.

  Have you ever wished you could record personalised messages for  everybody in your phone book? Now you can with ON Voicefeed, a free  at four iPhones with an Android version coming out later in the  year.

 His new service takes over from your mobile phone voicemail,  and not only lets you grit your contacts but -- with individual  voice messages but the simple interface allows you to choose  which incoming message to listen to first.

 Hello, I am hungry, can I  have some through? We can go for lunch.

 -- have some food.

 It is  only available in the UK, France and the US right now.

 The makers  say they will be rolling out more countries as they grow.

 It is a  great idea, well-executed and will really freaked your mother out next  time she calls.

 Hello? Oh, how did you know it was me? Call me back.

  Goodbye.

 Page wrestle with Webscape.

 If you  missed those website addresses, they are up on our website.

 The  video stream of this programme is up there and also a link to the  podcast on the radio.

 In this week's programme, we meet the man  determined to prove that he is the

 Murdered by his mother's boyfriend  but could this little boy have been saved? The past few years have been  a living nightmare.

 Nobody should go what I have gone through.

 Good  evening and welcome to North West Tonight, I'm Gordon Burns.

  And I am Ranvir Singh.

 Also tonight: After the death of a true  football legend, I will be reflecting on a career and looking  at their many tributes to the great Nat Lofthouse.

  Join me in Blackpool where the latest surge for gas is causing  some controversy.

 And the hidden harm in that extra  glass, we reveal the nation's drink problem.

 Everyone is fed up.

 There  He was my world and perhaps his death could have been prevented -  the words tonight of the father of Lancashire toddler Charlie Hunt who  was murdered by his mum's new boyfriend.

 Richard Hunt have spoken  up after the way authorities handled his death.

 The report into  Charlie Hunt's death has a familiar ring.

 Once again, the authorities  are accused of failing to communicate properly.

 Information  that could have alerted them to the danger was not passed on.

  15 months old Charlie Hunt playing happily with his mother.

 Images  taken just a short time before he was murdered by her new boyfriend,  Darren Newton.

 Newton was jailed for life last December.

 He had  abused the youngster for months, filming some attacks on his mobile  phone while the toddler's mother was out, unaware of what was  happening.

 He was my whole world.

 He was giggling, laughing and now  it has all been taken away.

 I loved him to bits and I still do and  always will.

 Richard Hunt, Charlie's dad says he is angered by  today's Serious Case Review which highlight missed opportunities to  uncover the abuse earlier.

 The report says in the weeks before he  died, Charlie visited a doctor after vomiting.

 He also had bruises  to his hands.

 There have -- the report says there was enough  information to consider the possibility of child abuse.

 The  report also says information was not adequate be utilised and not  adequately shared.

 The past few years has been a living nightmare.

  Nobody should go what I have gone through.

 The opportunities that  have been messed should never have been missed.

 After a trip to  Airedale Hospital, the report concludes it face down had taken  place it might have revealed abnormalities that would have  raised questions about physical maltreatment.

 As for a case like  this it provides an important opportunity to take the learning  and if that means even further training than I can assure you we  will be doing that.

 What we have to do is that the learning from the  serious case reviews get integrated into practice with all  professionals.

 The report makes almost 90 recommendations to  improve systems.

 The world of football is tonight  morning one of its greatest players.

 Nat Lofthouse, loyal, skilful and  fierce are some of the words used to describe the man who spent his  whole career at Bolton Wanderers and who scored so many goals.

  Tributes have been pouring in since he died at the age of 85 at the  weekend.

 Our reporter is outside Bolton's Reebok Stadium.

 I am old  enough to remember him in my boyhood, absolutely awestruck I was.

  He was a true legend, wasn't he? really is.

 I have been here at  Bolton Wanderers' grounds throughout the day.

 The number of  tributes laid here have started to grow.

 One of them says, you did us  proud, the lion is sleeping.

 Looking through these messages,  some of them are really personal.

 They mention how he took time out  to talk to his supporters and had his photo taken with them.

 He was  very much embedded in his community and as a Bolton man, very proud to  wear the Bolton shirt.

 Humble and modest away from the  football pitch, Nat Lofthouse was a powerhouse who humbled most  opponents.

 A Nat Lofthouse charges in and there is Paulton's second  goal.

 He is one of the most powerful players I have ever  experienced.

 A one-club man who was a player with a particular talent,  scoring goals.

 He found the net 255 times for his home club, the only  one he ever wanted to play for.

 He wore the Bolton shirt 452 times.

  came down and signed on, 4th September, 1939.

 He was and is  adored by Wanderers fans.

 He is everything a footballer should be.

  He was a true gentleman as well.

 Going down to the match he would  speak to.

 He was at Bolton Wanderers.

 Nat Lofthouse was a  great player and a true gentleman.

 A why I am a fan is because of  going as a young girl to watch him.

 His a nickname was the line of  Vienna for his bravery in a match against Austria where after being  injured by some rough tackling he scored twice before being knocked  unconscious in a collision with the keeper.

 He came back on which was  typical of him.

 I loved the way he conducted himself, a terrific role  model for the football club.

 Whoever has been into his life has  fond memories from it.

 I think you always left his company with a  smile on your face.

 His greatest moment was lifting the FA Cup as  captain in 1958, a player and personality who will be remembered  and missed by football fans across the country.

  By all accounts, a truly great player.

 Just reflect on this  statistic, as an international player he played 33 times for  England, he scored 30 goals.

 A remarkable statistic.

 If you have  any memories of Nat, please send them into us.

 Later on I will be  chatting to a supporter who has plenty of memories of Nat.

 Back to  you.

 Thank you.

 We have got lots of  messages on our Facebook site.

 He was one of the greatest.

  There is a call today for the government to stop a company  drilling for natural gas in Lancashire because of fears about  safety.

 A report says similar drilling in America has resulted in  gas seeping into the water supply.

 Claims are denied by the mining  company who insists the process is safe.

 They claim the reserves could  form up to 10 % of Britain's gas in the future.

  These will inject the fluid down into the shale.

 A gas well in the  unlikely setting of a farmer's field.

 They're about to start  extracting the Gas de below.

 I am on top of the well but has been  drilled 9,000 ft.

 To get out the gas the Engineers have to used a  process called hydraulic fracturing.

 A solution of water and sand is  pumped down the world to release the gas and shale.

 The interesting  thing about this is you can look at these white lines.

 These are  fractures.

 We come to natural fractures in the ground.

 Our aim is  to pump in and open up the fractures so the gas can flow  through them.

 Shell Gas is huge in America with thousands of Wells but  the industry is controversial -- shale gas.

 A warm -- a film called  Gasland is released today.

 It claims gas has been found in some  water wells.

 There is a moratorium on the issue until we have a much  better understanding.

 I'm against on a global issue because if we are  serious about climate change, we simply cannot be extracting any  further fossil fuels from the earth.

 A report was commissioned by the  Co-operative who oppose the development of any more fossil  fuels.

 We are worried it is a dozen sensitive and we are worried about  potential groundwater contamination.

 The mining company says the work is  backed by four government agencies.

 We want to meet or exceed all the  UK regulations and make a leak free well which will last for the next  100 years.

 A woman from Lancashire who  survived the 7/7 bus bombing in London in 2005 has been telling an  inquest how she found the body of her friend.

 Camille Scott Bradshaw  from Oswaldtwistle says she felt very lucky to escape with her life  while her friend Marie Hartley was killed.

 They were caught up in the  bombing of the number 30 bus in Tavistock Square on July 7th.

 The  two friends were in London to visit a trade exhibition.

  RAF fighters were sent to intercept a passenger flight into Manchester  yesterday when it sparked a security alert losing control --  contact with the air traffic controllers.

 The BMIbaby flight  experienced a problem mid-flight.

 The passengers and Crewe were not  put at risk.

 The RAF said their response was part of their role to  protect UK airspace.

 A nursing home has been fined  £18,000 after the death of a pensioner who broke her collarbone  in its care home in Liverpool.

 Frances Shannon who was 81 fell  while being lifted out of bed in a defective sling at the Christopher  Grange care home two years ago.

 She died in hospital the next day.

 The  care home admitted breaking health and safety rules but was not blamed  for her death.

 The National Trust has dropped  plans to turn one of Beatrix Potter's Lakeland homes into a  holiday cottage.

 There were protests when the plans were  announced last year as the writer had said in her will that Castle  Cottage should only be let to a local family.

 After public  consultation, the trust has shelved plans and the house will be rented  out to people working in the area.

 When you have had a hard day at  work or feel stressed, many people and caulk a bottle of wine to relax  in the evening.

 -- and Cork a bottle of wine.

 Inside Out has  found that middle-class people are doing damage to themselves.

 It is  called him harm because housewives, the retired and professionals do  not realise how much they are drinking.

 You do not have to be  falling out of a night club to be a binge drinker.

  Everyone is fed up.

 There is only so much people can take.

 This is  Angela Galbraith, a mother of two waging a battle against alcohol.

  Losing my mum, is the worst pain in the world I have ever felt.

 It  started off having one drink, more train, more drink and more drink.

  It does not take before it is every single day.

 Someone is admitted to  a North West hospital every four minutes as a result of alcohol.

  Health experts are acutely aware of the problems caused by binge  drinking but are concerned that the real issue may lie closer to home.

  I think they have to get rid of that preconception of what we all  have of what a drink it is.

 Most of the people I see our people like  you and die with good jobs, families and a home.

 It can start  with a glass of wine as you get in the door, another glass while you  are cooking the tee, then a glass while you're eating tea.

 That is a  bottle of wine gone.

 One of the hidden issues is people drinking at  home.

 People are drinking above the recommended units and they do not  realise they are drinking above the recommended amount.

 This leads to  what the experts refer to as hidden harm.

 Most common amongst  housewives, working professionals You can see more on that story on  Inside Out on BBC One at 7.

30pm.

 Still to come in North West  Tonight: The 73 year old who's beaten cancer and a heart attack to  Band, Derek always wanted to be a zoo keeper, it wasn't to be, so he  Sport now.

 As football pays tribute to one of its oldest and greatest  heroes, one of its youngest, brightest managers arrives in the  north west.

 Here's Tony.

 The death of Nat Lofthouse has  brought the world of football together to pay tribute to one of  its true heroes.

 As you've heard, Nat was an incredibly strong,  incredibly prolific forward, who scored more than 250 goals for  Bolton in a one-club career spanning 14 years.

 Bolton manager  Owen Coyle today said he was so good that, in today's era, no-one  would ever have sold him.

 He was priceless.

 Now we go back to the  Reebok, where Richard Askam is with one of Bolton's longest serving  He has been a firm of for 50 years, Steve, it goes without saying that  Nat Lofthouse became synonymous with Bolton Wanderers.

  He became completely synonymous.

 They spent a short time in his  company and even in those few minutes when I spoke to him, you  could feel the love and passion he had for Bolton Wanderers Football  Club.

 This came true, throughout his career with the club, from when  he joined as a schoolboy in 19 they deny him, and to he became  President in 1986 and beyond.

 was a player, a scout, a manager.

  He was caretaker manager twice.

 He fulfilled every role.

 In each of  those roles he undertook, it was his passion and pride in the club  which shone through.

 Wherever you may go in the world, when you talk  football and veg and Bolton Wanderers, people who may know  little about the club will mention the name, Nat Lofthouse.

 Semirigid  is have been paid to him today.

 is wonderful, look behind, read the  press, this man touched an awful lot of lives.

 You hear from legends  such as Bobby Charlton, they had such admiration and respect.

 The  guy was a legend, an over-used word, but he was.

 255 goals.

 An absolute  legend.

 That personal relationship between  the fans and Nat Lofthouse.

 A Burnley are convinced Eddie Howe  is the man to lead the club back to the Premier League.

  Fresh faced he may be, but Eddie Howe boasts a confident  determination to return Burnley to the top flight.

 At Bournemouth,  Howe took his hometown club from bottom of League Two to  Championship promotion challengers.

 He turned down Crystal Palace and  Charlton among others, so why say yes to Burnley? The ambition of the  club matched my ambitions, the board were completely supportive.

  It is an opportunity that really grabbed us.

 Four years ago, Burnley  plucked a promising young manager called Owen Coyle and put him in  charge here.

 That proved a wise move.

 Now they've turned to someone  even more wet behind the ears.

 At just 33, Eddie Howe is six years  younger than Burnley captain Graham Alexander.

  It sounds like he is from a boy band! He has done well at  Bournemouth.

 He is the same age as my daughter! He has a good track  record.

 It is how you do the job and treat people which is the key  factor.

 We need a younger manager for what he can bring, his energy.

  He fitted into the type of manager we wanted.

 Although he went set  targets, the board will hope they have appointed a man who could  become the Premiership's youngest manager.

 You can hear from Eddie  Howe in an extended interview with Tony Livesey, when Late Kick Off  returns to BBC One at 11.

05pm.

 Yesterday's Merseyside derby was  Kenny Dalglish's first game at Anfield since his return as manager.

  After an emotional welcome and frenetic match, Dalglish earned his  first League point.

 Meanwhile, Sir Alex Ferguson is furious at what he  sees as the unjust sending off of his young full back Rafael during  United's goalless draw at Spurs.

 A touch of the Anfield sign, and  Dalglish was back, returning to huge applause.

 Blues keeper Tim  Howard tried hard to spoil the party, but Raul Meireles fierce  shot put the Reds in front.

 Even without Chelsea-bound Steven  Pienaar, Everton fought back.

 Sylvain Distin headed an equaliser,  and Jermaine Beckford put the Toffees ahead.

 But this foul by  Howard on Maxi Rodriguez gave Liverpool a penalty.

 From the spot,  Dirk Kuyt made it 2-2.

 The support they gave the players was fantastic.

  We were 2-0 down but they have the desire to get back into the game.

  rearguard action by Manchester United, after Rafael was sent off,  kept out Spurs.

 It preserved United's unbeaten record, and  knocked Manchester City off top spot.

 City enjoyed the summit for  just 24 hours, after a twisting, turning Carlos Tevez tortured  Wolves.

 His two goals inspired City's 4-3 win.

  Phil Brown's first match in charge at relegation-threatened Preston  ended with North End snatching a draw through Ian Hume's last-minute  equaliser.

 In League One, Oldham are just a  point off the play-off places, after winning 2-0 at Plymouth.

 In  League Two, Crewe beat Port Vale 2- 1 to go fifth, one place above Bury  who drew 1-1 with Aldershot.

 Just before I go, what about this  for a long range effort? FC United goalkeeper Sam Ashton sends his  goal kick high into the air, and watches as it slowly bounces over  the Retford keeper, and into the net.

 That's a 107 yard strike.

 And  he looks pretty pleased with it.

 It's hard enough running one  marathon, but 73 year old John Dawson is preparing to complete ten  marathons in just ten days around Windermere.

 John only took up  running in retirement after suffering a heart attack and  surviving cancer.

 Now he's one of 18 hardy souls who'll be taking on  the challenge for charity in May.

 Naomi Cornwell joined him on a  training session.

 John could be forgiven for wanting  to put his feet up.

 He's had a heart attack, lost an eye to cancer  and suffered prostate problems.

 But this 73 year old is constantly on  the move.

 I run, on average, about 45 miles a week.

 I had a heart  attack 20 years ago, and I used to smoke a lot.

 And I used to smoke a  terribly.

 One day, the kid said they wanted a video, and I ran to  the video shop, which was only about 200 or 300 yards away.

 I  quite enjoyed that.

 The jog to the video shop progressed to an entry  in the New York marathon.

 Then 341 more marathons.

 You break these  things down into segments.

 You do that bit, then the bit after.

  John's gearing up for a fresh challenge.

 He's one of 18 runners  who'll be attempting ten marathons in ten days, around Windermere.

  This weekend, they met for the first time to exchange tips on  fundraising and foot survival.

 story is absolutely inspirational.

  At the age of 73, he has overcome so many medical problems.

 It is one  of the most scenic marathon runs, but it is very challenging.

 The  best runners would not want to come here because they would have no  chance of beating their personal bests because it is a very physical  challenge across these hills.

 aim is to raise money and inspire  young people.

 Here's one participant who certainly doesn't  believe in retirement.

 You need some kind of a challenge, you only  live once! Now it's time for the weather.

  Good evening.

 We will see a change in the weather this week.

 It was  cloudy, mild and wet.

 Caldbeck is pushing the remnants of the mild  air at a wave.

 It is descending over northern Europe.

 In terms of  how it looked, today wasn't so bad, some reasonable spells of sunshine.

  Temperatures up to eight Celsius.

 Overnight before midnight, there  will be long breaks in cloud cover.

 Then at midnight the cloud will  roll back in.

 Temperatures will vary, five Celsius along the coast,  towns and cities, three Celsius, a couple of spots will drop lower,  minus one Celsius.

 A Touch of Frost first thing tomorrow morning.

 A  dismal start, very much like the weather this morning.

 Visibility is  grey, and you hang on to a lot of cloud cover for the morning.

 By the  time you get to 10 m, clear weather will move in.

 By the time you get  too late morning, just as the weather today, you will see a  massive improvement.

 Spells of sunshine will push in everywhere by  the afternoon.

 The winds are slightly stronger, temperatures  What you make of this splendid fellow, clearly an elephant, worth  a packet I would say it! Cigarettes are bad for you, smelly, and they  and their packets account for a large proportion of the litter  found on our streets.

 But one man from Greater Manchester's found a  way to reuse some of that litter, and create a bit of art along the  way.

 Derek Fitton from Hyde has a novel use for cigarette packets.

  So Derek, what is this? It's making animals out of fag packets.

 Yes,  it's a simple as that.

 Everyday, Derek and dog scan the streets for  discarded cigarette packets.

 Then he goes home and turns them into  art.

 It keeps my mind occupied and I take the dog for a walk.

 I always  wanted to be a zoo keeper.

 Derek's dad taught him.

 His granddad taught  him.

 Can Derek teach me? You take a That's it.

 Permit tighter.

 That is  a star.

 I think I'll need a bit more practice.

 Derek can create a  whole animal in two hours.

 You are the third generation.

 You need a  name for this.

 Fagarami.

 You heard it here first.

  We have had lots of people contacting us with their memories  of Nat Lofthouse.

 Frank has sent us this picture of him and Nat  Lofthouse in 1960 when he was presented with a trophy, Frank is  on the left.

 Gary Marsh says, a modest man, of  Bolton through and through, a true legend.

  Can you Griffith says he has never met him but has heard he was a true  gentleman and he will be sadly missed at Bolton.

  And another viewer says he was old

 Over £1 million.

 £1 million.

  Thousands missing, feared dead, as the scale of Japan's devastating  earthquake becomes clear.

 Up to 10,000 are unaccounted for from  this town alone after it was destroyed by the tsunami.

  A powerful explosion rocks a nuclear power plant damaged in the  quake.

 Officials call for calm.

 An unstoppable force.

 New pictures  emerge of the moment the tsunami swept through towns and cities.

  A huge rescue effort is under way across the northeast searching for  survivors.

 In Libya, Gaddafi's forces take  back a key oil town as the Arab Good evening.

 10,000 people, that's  half the population, are tonight reported to be missing from just  one small town in the devastated coastal region of northeast Japan,  after the tsunami which followed yesterday's earthquake.

 It is not  clear what the final death toll will be.

 50,000 Japanese military  personnel have joined a huge rescue and relief operation that's now  under way.

 Earlier, the Japanese government played down concern  about a big explosion at a nuclear power plant which led to the  evacuation of 140,000 people.

 Officials insist the blast at the  Fukushima site didn't damage the inner steel container housing the  reactor, and that radiation levels are now falling.

 The BBC's Damian  Grammaticas has reached the area close to the epicentre of the  earthquake, the port town of Sendai, from where he sent this report.

  We drove into Sendai in the darkness.

 Littering the roads, cars  tossed aside like toys.

 These street lights are off, electricity,  water and gas in short supply.

 Swept aside by the tsunami, mangled  trucks.

 Trees lining the streets are now covered with flotsam from  the waves.

 Another track has been dumped on power cables.

 As we head  down towards the sea, the destruction just gets worse and  worse.

 This is the road, as the waves were treated they dump vast  quantities of debris here.

 Despite the alerts that sounded, many did  not get out in time.

 And fires burn in the night.

 It is all like this  around the port.

 You can see over here, the van and the track behind  it, an articulated lorry behind it.

 Down here, we have a van in there.

.

.

  But we had to move.

 We have just been filming down this area by the  port and we had just been told by the driver we have got to move out.

  The sirens have gone off again.

 There is a hooting sound and they  say that is another alert.

 A sign of how much everyone is on the edge  here.

 Really, really nervous about another tsunami.

 And this is why.

  Up the coast was the town of Minamisanriku, a sizable place, up  to 17 and a half 1,000 people.

 This is how it looks now.

 It is as if  Minamisanriku has been wiped from the face of the Earth.

 The only  building left standing is the hospital.

 Some reports say 10,000,  may be missing here.

 When you see the destructive power unleashed by  the undersea earthquake, you can This is new footage just released  today.

 It is of the moment the tsunami hit Kesennuma.

 Another town  on the same stretch of coastline.

 Whole buildings swept down the  And this is how Sendai looks by daytime, a giant petrochemical  complex spews smoke into the sky.

 Sendai was the closest to the to  the epicentre of the earthquake, so its citizens had little warning of  the wall of water which was coming.

 This used to be farmland.

 Whole  villages stood here.

 200 bodies are said to be found on the shore.

 It's  hard to believe there won't be many more.

  Earlier I spoke to Damian Grammaticus in Sendai just as they  had received another tsunami warning.

 What we have done is moved  further inland to somewhere safer, but this is a city of a million  people, Sendai.

 The centre is, as far as we can tell, pretty much  unscathed, but there is not much power, he too.

 It is cold.

 It's  when you go down to the seaside, though, down there, where there is  devastation in all the roads we went down there.

 And all of those  areas have been really badly affected.

 Also, in the distance  back there, still the petrochemical plant a blaze, lighting the night  sky.

 And we met a man a few moments ago he was riding around in the  middle of the night looking for his son, who was evacuated from his  school today, and he doesn't know where he is.

 So the situation here,  really, still confusion, uncertainty and, above all, fear  about more tsunamis.

 Along the northeast coast, rescue  workers searched through the rubble of buildings, cars and boats,  looking for survivors.

 Rupert Wingfield-Hayes reports from Tokyo  on the day's developments.

 Right along the north eastern  seaboard of Japan, the extent of the devastation from Friday's  earthquake and tsunami is now starting to become clear.

 Much of  the coastline has been turned into a muddy debris covered wasteland.

  Japan prides itself on being better prepared for earthquakes than any  other country in the world.

 But even for Japan, this was on a  completely different scale.

 In fact, no one alive in Japan today has  ever felt a tremor as big as Friday.

 TRANSLATION: I thought I was going  to die.

 I saw a woman fall in front of me and there were aftershocks  all night.

 Each time, we were scared.

 My home it is in  Minamisanriku, and I have had people I cannot contact.

 There are  reports of a leak.

 I'm concerned about their safety.

  But the vast majority of this devastation was not caused by the  shaking ground.

 But by the huge wave which followed in its wake.

  Today, more and more video has begun to emerge showing the  terrifying power of the water as it surged into towns along the  coastline.

 Bulldozing everything before it.

 And it was the water  that was the real killer.

 Pure in Tokyo, the streets tonight have  been eerily quiet.

 There is a real sense of shock and disbelief at  what has happened to the country.

 People here are used to earthquakes.

  But all the preparations in the world could do nothing to prevent  the devastation from such a massive tsunami.

  Scientists are now monitoring radiation levels around the  Fukushima site and pumping seawater into the plant to cool the nuclear  reactor down.

 Officials say 160 people may have been exposed to  radiation.

 Our Science Correspondent Pallab Ghosh has more.

  Pressure builds inside one of the power stations reactors.

 So  engineers then to steam into the air.

 Then, a massive explosion.

 The  out to stretch of one of the four buildings at the plant has  collapsed, injuring four workers.

 Although the building has gone, the  structure containing the reactor core has not been damaged.

  According to the Japanese authorities.

  TRANSLATION: This explosion is not related to the reactor container,  therefore there is no possibility radioactivity could be lead in a  substantial manner.

 The radiation in the area was probably from the  steam released just before the explosion.

 It has been at  relatively low level since then.

 Latest reports say they are  dropping.

 At the moment, there has been a small amount of  radioactivity coming out with the steam.

 As long as they don't lose  the cooling, that will be the case.

 There will not be a public health  hazard.

 What seems to have happened is the cooling system failed.

  Inside, boiling water circulating in the reactor turned to steam,  which increased the pressure inside.

 It is thought the casing around the  fuel rods might have been damaged and allowed radioactive material to  come into contact with the water.

 That turned some of the water into  hydrogen.

 Engineers then to be gas to relieve pressure but the  hydrogen exploded.

 The fuel rods are still eating react and building  up pressure.

 Engineers are now trying to cool it down by flooding  it with sea water.

 10 of these 11 plants operating without any  significant problem that all but the one which did other problems,  we have seen, my instincts are this will have been managed with a real  but minimal amount of radioactivity released, which will soon be gone.

  But there are now report another reactor in the same site has lost  its emergency cooling system.

 So far, 140,000 people have been  evacuated.

 The incident will have shaken confidence in the safety of  nuclear power stations which are supposed to the earthquake proof.

  To other news now.

 The Arab League has today called on the UN to  impose a no-fly zone over Libya.

 A move welcomed by the United States  and British governments tonight.

 The Arab League have also decided  to open contacts and cooperate with the Libyan rebel council based in  Benghazi.

 The decision comes in the wake of further advances by forces  loyal to Colonel Gaddafi.

 Earlier this week, the town of Zawiya, 30  miles west of Tripoli, was retaken by pro-Gaddafi forces.

 And today in  the northern oil town of Ras Lanuf, rebel forces have been forced back  after days of fierce fighting.

 We can now join Jon Leyne in Benghazi.

  How significant is this move by the Arab League? Well, obviously it  will be hugely welcomed by the opposition here.

 It seems Colonel  Gaddafi has made one too many enemies over the years among Arab  leaders.

 The important thing is it will provide reassurance to those  Western countries and governments nervous that by imposing a no-fly  zone they might come into conflict with Arab opinion.

 This has  reassured them the full Arab governments want.

 We will have to  see whether this builds pressure on the UN for this no-fly zone to be  imposed.

 That is something the opposition would like as soon as  possible, bearing in mind those military setbacks they are  suffering.

 We are hearing reports that a TV cameraman has been killed  in the conflict.

 What can you tell us? Yes, this was a team from Al-  Jazeera at Channel.

 They were driving a car not far outside  Benghazi.

 Well inside opposition controlled territory.

 They were  followed by another car which then opened fire on them, killing the  camera man and injuring another.

 The fear is this was supporters of  Colonel Gaddafi unhappy with their reporting of this crisis.

 John,  from Benghazi, thank you.

 Plans for a major reorganisation of  the NHS in England have been rejected as damaging and  unjustified by Liberal Democrats in a vote at the party's spring  conference in Sheffield.

 It has taken place in the face of protests  against government cuts outside the Conference.

  Liberal Democrats have been told by their leader to get used to this  kind of thing now they are in power.

 Defend the NHS.

 Attacks by those  outside, Nick Clegg also faced criticism from his own ranks.

  Activists lined up to voice concern about government plans to put GPs  in charge of NHS Budgett in England.

 There will also be more private  competition for providing care.

 Nothing I am trying to do about  health is intended to weaken Nick and his fellow ministers and the  coalition.

 But this is not the moment to embark upon a  reorganisation of the most trusted public service in the whole of the  United Kingdom.

 The Lib Dems argued this was not in the coalition  agreement.

 And voted to limit the role of the private sector in the  NHS.

 We want to see this Bill changed radically.

 We want to see  the policy change and we are not going to associate ourselves with  the redox vocation of the Tory brand.

 Nick Clegg tried to reassure  without committing yourself to his party's new position.

 I am in  favour of reform.

 We always have been.

 Yes, to reform of the NHS but  no, no to the privatisation of the NHS.

 Activists want Lib Dem MPs to  go back to Parliament to take a stand on this issue.

 It is one of  Nick Clegg can't ignore and there are likely to be changed to the  health bill but equally he doesn't want us to become a huge battle  with the Conservatives.

 The First Minister of Scotland and  leader of the Scottish National Party Alex Salmond has vowed to  keep university education free for Scottish students if his party wins  the Holyrood election in May.

 His pledge, which was made at the SNP  conference in Glasgow, comes after the UK government backed a large  rise in university tuition fees in England.

 When it comes to the  question of university fees, graduate taxes, I know where I  stand.

 The rocks will melt with the sun before I allowed tuition fees  to be imposed on Scottish students up front or back door.

  Now, with a look at the day's sport, here's Olly Foster.

 Thank you very  much indeed.

 Hello there.

 It's been an awful couple of weeks  for Arsenal.

 First the League Cup, then Europe, now they are out of  the FA Cup as well, beaten by Manchester United 2-0 in today's  quarter-final at Old Trafford.

 Here's Kevin Gearey.

  Two Giants of the English game with different perspectives on the FA  Cup.

 Arsenal, Trophy last for six years, as strong as they could be.

  United, depleted by injury and a European encounter.

 They started  with obvious intent and United struck first with a goal fashioned  by the boys from Brazil.

 Raphael started the move and when Hernandez  was denied, Fabio was there to finish.

 Arsenal, though, looked  likely to level and almost did through a Robin Van Persie who are  stopped by fingertips.

 And then through Nazari.

 A similar pattern  at the start of the second half.

 Edwin Van der Sar preserving  United's advantage.

 Wayne Rooney poached a second.

 If that should  have made United comfortable, it didn't.

 Repeatedly, they were  indebted to goalkeeping heroics.

 But it was United's victory.

  Arsenal, out of three competitions in just two weeks.

  Bolton Wanderers are also through to the semi-finals after beating  Birmingham City at St Andrews.

 City came from behind twice, Kevin  Phillips made it 2-2 late on and that looked to have forced a replay.

  But Bolton got a last-minute winner when substitute Lee Chung-yon  headed them into tomorrow's semi- final draw.

  There were also two Scottish Cup quarter-finals today, and both  ended in draws.

 Second Division Brechin City against Premier League  St Johnstone was 2-2.

 And Aberdeen also forced a replay, when Rory  McArdle scrambled an equaliser deep into injury time at St Mirren.

 1-1  the final score there.

 There were two matches in Rugby  Union's Six Nations Championship.

 Italy stunned France in Rome and  Wales can still challenge for the title after overcoming Ireland in  Cardiff, but only thanks to a try that should have been disallowed.

  Joe Wilson reports.

 Ireland left Cardiff beaten and  better.

 It started so well.

 A Brian O'Driscoll scoring after two  minutes.

 The decisive try from Wales took everyone by surprise.

  Phillips of the issue of the move after a quickly-taken line-out.

 TV  pictures showed Wales had used a new ball provided by the ball boy,  not the one which had been kicked from the pitch.

 That's against the  rules.

 The officials did not spot it.

 Ireland could not break through  at the end.

 19-13, Wales.

 Now, Italy's usual role is to be gallant  losers but today they seem to be played it perfectly once again.

  This try left France 12 points ahead with 30 minutes to play.

 But,  French negligence along with fierce Battalion resilience brought about  something stunning.

 The lead was soon just two points and Italy had  This cake, straight and true.

 --

 # How I wish I had someone to talk  Thousands missing feared dead as the scale of Japan's devastating  earthquake becomes clear.

 Up to 10,000 are unaccounted for from  this town alone.

 A massive explosion rocks a  nuclear-power plant, damaged in the quake.

  A major rescue operation is underway as the pictures emerge of  the moment the tsunami struck.

 In Libya, Colonel Gaddafi's forces  take back a key oil town as the Good evening.

 Fears are growing in  Japan tonight for the thousands still missing following yesterday's  devastating earthquake.

 At least 1700 are now believed to have been  killed but it is feared that figure will rise significantly with  reports of coastal towns being wiped out by the tsunami which  followed.

 The quake, one of the largest ever recorded, had its  epicentre 80 miles off the east coast, near the city of Sendai.

  Tonight, state television is reporting that up to 10,000 people  are feared missing from one small town alone.

 Earlier today, there  was an explosion in a nuclear power station damaged in the quake.

  Damian Grammaticas is one of the first journalists to reach Sendai.

  We drove into Sendai in the darkness.

 The roads are littered  with cars, tossed aside like toys.

 Street lights are off, water and  gas in short supply.

 Mangled trunks swept aside by the tsunami, trees  covered with flotsam.

 Another truck has been dumped on power cables.

 As  you head towards the sea, the destruction gets worse and worse.

  This is the road as the waves retreated they dumped quantities of  debris here.

 Despite the alerts that sounded, many did not get out  in time.

 Fires burn in the night.

 It is all like this around the port.

  Over here, you can see the Ivan up there and the truck behind it.

  There is an articulated lorry behind.

 Down here, we have a van in  their.

.

.

 But we had to move.

 We have been filming in this area buy  the port and we have been told by our drivers that we have to move  out.

 The sirens have gone off again.

 There is a hooting sound.

 They say  that is another alert, another warning.

 Just a sign of how much  everyone is on edge.

 Really, really nervous about another tsunami.

 And  this is why.

 Up the coast was the town of Minamisanriku, a sizable  Place, home to 17,500 people.

 This is how it looks now.

 It is as if  Minamisanriku has been wiped from the face of the Earth.

 The only  building left standing is the hospital.

 Some reports say 10,000  may be missing here.

 When you see the destructive power unleashed by  the undersea earthquake, you can understand why.

 This is new footage,  just released today.

 It is of the moment the tsunami hit.

 Another  town on the same stretch of coastline.

 Whole buildings, swept  down the streets by the power of the water.

 And this is how Sendai  looks by daytime.

 A giant petrochemical complex spewing smoke  into the sky.

 Sendai was the close the city to the epicentre.

 Its  citizens had little warning of the wall of water that was coming.

 This  used to be farmland.

 Whole villages stood here.

 200 bodies are said to  have been found on the shore.

 It is hard to believe there will not be  many more.

 We can talk to Damian Grammaticas now.

 What is the  latest? Well, we have actually just had  another tsunami alert for a two metre wave apparently heading  towards the coast.

 We have moved further inland to somewhere safer,  but Sendai, this is a city of one million people.

 The centre, as far  as we can tell, is pretty much unscathed, but there is not much  power and not much heat.

 It is very cold.

 When you go down to the  seaside, there is devastation on every road.

 All of those areas have  been really badly affected.

 Also, in the distance, still the  petrochemical plant is ablaze, lighting the night sky.

 We met a  man a few minutes ago who was riding around in the middle of the  night looking for his son, who was evacuated from his school.

 He does  not know where he is.

 The situation here is still confusion,  uncertainty and, above all, fear about more tsunamis.

  Damian Grammaticas, thank you very much.

  As Japan it attempted to assess the this -- extent of the devastation,  the nation faced an atomic emergency as: Systems failed at two  nuclear reactors.

 Rupert Wingfield- Hayes reports on the developments.

  The huge white cloud bursting across the horizon is the number  one reactor shed of the nuclear power plant at figure shimmer.

 It  is being torn apart by some kind of large explosion.

 -- Fukushima.

 On  top of this, Japan has a major nuclear incident on its hands.

 How  serious, no one is sure.

 Tonight, and evacuation zone has been  imposed around the plant.

 Along the north-eastern seaboard, the extent  of the devastation from Friday's earthquake is now starting to  become clear.

 Much of the coastline has been turned into a muddy,  debris covered wasteland.

 Japan prides itself on being better  prepared for earthquakes than any other country in the world.

 But  even for Japan, this was on a completely different scale.

 In fact,  no one will live in Japan today has ever felt a tremor as big as Friday.

  It was terrifying.

 I have never felt a quake that strong.

 My  Japanese coal workers, they have not experienced anything like this  either in their lifetime.

 The vast majority of the devastation was not  caused by the shaking ground, but by the wave that followed it.

 Today,  more and more amateur video has begun to emerge showing the  terrifying power of the water as it surged into towns along the coast.

  Bulldozing everything before it.

 It was the water that was the real  killer.

 Scientists are now monitoring  radiation levels around the Fukushima site and pumping seawater  into the plant to cool the nuclear reactor.

 Pallab Ghosh has more.

  An explosion followed by a plume of gas.

 No one knows for sure what  went wrong but the Japanese nuclear agency has said that the highly  radioactive reactor core has been contained.

 If that is the case,  experts say there will be some radiation in the plume, but it will  be mild and most of it will be short-lived.

 At the moment, there  has been a small amount of radioactivity coming out with the  steam.

 As long as they do not lose the core cooling, that will be the  case.

 There will not be a public case.

 There will not be a public  health hazard.

 It seems that he couldn't system failed, so inside,  boiling water turned to steam, increasing the pressure.

 -- cooling  increasing the pressure.

 -- cooling system failed.

 It is thought that  the casing might have been damaged around the fuel rods, allowing  radioactive material to come into contact with the water.

 That turned  some of water into hydrogen, which exploded as the gas was vented.

  Crucially, the fuel rods remain intact and according to the nuclear  agency, safely contained.

 striking thing is that in the  middle of the largest earthquake Japan has ever seen with the kind  of devastation that we are seeing, 10 of these 11 plants operating  operated without severe problems.

 The one that it have the problems,  my instincts are that this will have been managed with a real but  minimal amount of radioactivity released, which will soon be gone.

  Japanese officials have rated the incident as category four.

 That  means it is a serious incident but can find locally.

 That is much less  than the Chernobyl disaster which was rated seven, and less than the  Three Mile Island incident, rated 5.

 There is still work to do it the  power plant.

 The fuel rods are still eating the reactor and  building up pressure.

 Engineers hope to cool it down by flooding it  with sea water.

 Two other news, the Arab League has  today called on the UN to impose a no-fly zone over Libya.

 They have  also decided to open contacts and co-operate with the Libyan rebel  council based in Benghazi.

 The decision comes in the wake of for  the good answers by forces loyal to Colonel Gaddafi.

 Earlier this week,  the town of Zawiya was retaken by pro Gaddafi forces.

 Today, in Ras  Lanuf, rebel forces have been forced back after days of fierce  fighting.

 John wind is in Benghazi.

 Tell us about the Arab League.

  It is a significant decision.

 It will be welcomed by the opposition.

  They have been calling for this for some time.

 The key is whether this  builds momentum within European capitals and in Washington.

 And, of  course, the UN Security Council.

 For the opposition, it cannot come  soon enough.

 More setbacks today.

 They are now fighting off  government advances in another town 50 or 60 miles east of Ras Lanuf.

  The Government is getting its act together better, using air power  and superior firepower.

 Reportedly, it is using sea power more  effectively.

 Also, beginning an attack on an opposition held town  200 miles east of Tripoli.

 They took Zawiya earlier this week.

 The  second town is much bigger.

 They fear and even bloodier battle.

 One  rebel leader has predicted a massacre.

  The first minister of Scotland Alex Salmond has vowed to keep  university education free for Scottish students if his party wins  the Holyrood elections in May.

 His pledge, made at the SNP conference  in Glasgow, comes after the UK Government backed a rise in  university tuition fees in England.

 Football, and Manchester United are  minutes away from booking their place in the FA Cup semi-finals.

  They currently lead Arsenal 2-1 -- 2-0 at Old Trafford.

  Two giants of the English game with different perspectives on the FA  Cup.

 Arsenal, without a trophy for six years, as strong as they could  be.

 United, depleted by injury and a looming European encounter.

  a looming European encounter.

 Arsenal started with intent but  United struck first with a goal by the Da Silva Boys from Brazil.

  Raphael's started the move.

 Fabio Raphael's started the move.

 Fabio  was there to finish.

 Arsenal always looked likely to level, and almost  did through Robin van Persie.

 And then, Samir Nasri.

 A similar  pattern at the start of the second half.

 Van der Sar forced to  preserve a united's advantage before the swept up the other end  for Wayne Rooney to get a second.

 -

 contracting swine flu.

  Tonight on Reporting Scotland: Bad weather was bad for the economy.

 As  the temperatures dropped, so did orders and output.

 Scotland and  Dundee United striker David Willey has been charged with rape.

 The  down turn in fishing boats that is hampering the future of a prominent  west coast port.

 And also tonight: We're down under as Andy Murray  starts his Grand Slam season in Melbourne.

 Last month was the  coldest December for a hundred years, but the early onset of  winter also hit Scotland's economy badly.

 According to a report by the  Bank of Scotland there was a sharp drop in orders and output with the  service sector worst affected.

 Julie Peacock reports.

 This has  been a winter that most businesses will want to forget.

 Blocked roads  disruped deliveries and kept people at home.

 That meant lean times for  the restaurant trade.

 We think that we were around 70% down on last  year.

 December you expect to be busy.

 But that didn't happen this  year.

 But we are still there.

 We will carry on.

 But the industry as  a whole has having to struggled.

 Some businesses had problems  getting to customers.

 The last thing any business needed was that  to happen.

 It was just.

.

.

 Unimaginable that that could have  happened, or that impacted so much on your business, because deliverys  are a huge part of the business.

 We refused a lot of work, because we  couldn't deliver.

 The Bank of Scotland report shows the service  sector bore the brunt of the bad weather.

 But manufacturing and  exports did well.

 And there is hope that shops, pubs and restaurants  will now are -- have a better January.

 We may have lost some  activity in December, but not all of it will be lost.

 Some will be  caught up on, as we speak and hopefully in the next few months.

  The weather may have improved, but the business climate is far from  perfect.

 VAT has risen and the cost of raw material and fuel has also  gone up.

 All o' of -- all of that points to time tough -- tough times  ahead.

 Douglas Fraser joins me now.

 How much does this survey tell us  about the state of the economy? Today's barometer of business  activity in Scotland focused on last month, it was a sharp drop for  the end of the year.

 Even though there was the Christmas and the  weather.

 There was the weather, bear in mind some businesses will  do better F you're a plumber, you probably had a good month.

 If  you're an energy company, or a car repair shot, but there is a big  problem with consumer confidence in Scotland, across Britain,  particularly in buying services.

 This week we're going to hear more  about the state of the economy.

 We will have more data and we're  looking at unemployment that is likely to rise as the Government  cuts back.

 The interest rates have been very low for nearly two years.

  There is pressure for it to rise.

 Some people will be unhappy about  that.

 The big threat is inflation.

 Much of it coming in from overseas.

  There have been bad harvests around the world affecting food prices and  growing Asian economies putting pressure on the price of fuel.

  Metals that affects our construction industry.

 And on food.

  So with pay increases here being pinned back and inflation prices  going up.

 We are getting poorer this year.

 It is not a good way to  start the year.

 Thank you.

 Lothian and Borders police have charged the  Scotland and Dundee United striker David Goodwillie with rape.

 The  charge is in connection with an alleged attack in the Armadale area  of Livingston two weeks ago.

 Well our reporter Andrew Anderson is  outside Tannadice now.

 What more can you tell us Andrew.

 Well David  good will lir has been charged with a serious sexual assault.

 It  follows allegation of an incident involving a 24-year-old woman at a  house in Armadale.

 Police interviewed Goodwillie and David  Robertson.

 Robertson has not been charged.

 Good will lir is a rising  star and United valued him at £1 million when Rangers were looking  for his services.

 He has been here since 2003 and signed as a  professional with the club in 2005.

 He has enjoyed an international  career and in fact first played for the senior Scottish side in  November in the friendly with the Faroes.

 Today he is facing serious  allegations.

 He is on bail and he is due to appear at Livingston  Sheriff Court at a later date.

 Thank you.

 You're watching  Reporting Scotland.

 Still to come.

 The clean up begin after a weekend  of heavy rain and melting snow.

 It's currently 12, there was a  proposal to move it to 10.

 Many said no, but today it looks like it  could actually happen.

 Yes, the Scottish Premier League  reconstruction saga takes another twist.

 We'll have the lastest.

 Plus  having in fun in the sun.

 Not for long though as Andy Murray prepares  to get down to serious business at the Australian Open.

 The 2014  Commonwealth Games may be three years away, but talk is already  turning to its legacy.

 From construction jobs to sports  facilities Glasgow is hoping it will benefit the city for years to  come.

 But there are fears today that a cut in funding may put wider  regeneration at risk.

 Suzanne Allan reports.

 In three years time, all  eyes will be on Glasgow.

 One of the world's biggest sporting events  will hopefully look like this.

 The deprived East End of Glasgow  transformed.

 But before that, comes the hard work.

 Aged 13 Nathan was a  self confessed bad lad.

 And then he got into table tennis and is now a  coach.

 He hopes young people are inspired to take up sports.

 I hope  that young kid want to get into sport, like me.

 See a sport they  love and stick at it.

 That is what I done.

 I was quite late starting.

  But if you're good when you're ten.

 By 20112 this will be a sports  arena.

 Glasgow hopes there will be apprentice ships and big building  projects.

 We want to ensure we have a fantastic games, but that we  leave something for the people of Glasgow the remember -- to remember.

  People want to be more healthy and to participate in sport and create  jobs and have a host of things to Ben p official effects for the  people of Glasgow.

 But there are fears for the long-term plan for  this part of city.

 Originally Clyde Gateway were to get £7.

5 million  from Scottish Enterprise.

 But that has been reduced to £6.

8 million,  shared with a number of other projects.

 This looks like an  abandonment of the East End of Scotland fptd this signal look like  they are pulling out of investment and skphibg -- economic renewal.

  spokesman said they remain committed to work of regeneration  companies, but have to look at their priorities.

 So what do people  in the area think? It will get the East End back and it will be  looking good.

 Sniem -- I'm dubious.

 Wit will attract loads of people to  the area and put money into the area.

 That can only be a good thing.

  These struck clurs are the national indoor sports a Rie that and the  velodrome.

 After the games they will be open to public.

 That is the  kind of legacy that Glasgow is looking for.

 Some of the other  stories across Scotland this Monday.

 The High Court in Glasgow has heard  how a woman accused of murdering a mother of four told police she did  not mean to kill her.

 Jurors were played a police interview with  Charlene Wilson, who denies murdering 26-year-old Gail Russell  in Blantyre last summer.

 Wilson admitted going to the victim's  house armed with a knife, but only used it in self-defence.

 Two men  have pleaded guilty to breach of the peace in connection with the  incident.

 The Crown Office has confirmed it's requested  information from Northern Constabulary over the mysterious  death of SNP activist Willlie McRae in 1980.

 It's insisting it hasn't  ordered a new investigation into the death of the Glasgow based  lawyer.

 His badly injured body was found in his crashed car in Wester  Ross, but, after his death in hospital, a gunshot wound was  discovered behind his right ear.

 Singer Annie Lennox is to travel to  Malawi on her first trip as special envoy for the Scottish branch of  the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association.

 She'll be visiting  projects set up to fight HIV and Aids with Holyrood's Presiding  Officer, Alex Fergusson.

 The former Eurythmics singer was recently  awarded an OBE for her charity work.

 After a weekend where heavy rain  and melting snow caused widespread disruption, now the focus is on  cleaning up.

 One of the most affected areas was the bridge of  Earn.

 Today we met some of those counting the cost.

 Now waters have  subsided the focus is on the clean up.

 Jim was relying on a flood wall,  but the river still found its way through the drains.

 My garage has  been flooded, my workshop, taking out everything.

 Everything must be  taken out, washed with some sort of cleanser.

 And then dried out.

  near by streets have more evidence of the weekend's attempts to keep  the river at bay.

 The town bore the brunt of the conditions with heavy  rain and melting snow causing widespread flooding.

 In response a  major effort the protect people and property.

 It is something that  we're becoming specialised in.

 Our rescue service, we have  firefighters kitted out with their own wet weather protective  equipment and specialist teams on stand by.

 They attended yesterday  and so we again are making sure that we're delivering the best  response that we have.

 For locals, the flood of 1993 is the yard stick  against which others are judged.

 That caused devastation across  Perthshire.

 My husband built this flood bank that goes along from  here right to the bridge.

 And he built this himself at his expense.

  Just got loads of soil and stuff and bit it up.

 We haven't flooded  since 1993.

 So it worked.

 By March SEPA's new flood warning system  will be up and warning -- running.

 Experience suggests that when it  comes to this problem, the readiness is all.

 Two leading  academics have complained to Holyrood's presiding officer about  the way MSPs treated them when they appeared before the Scotland Bill  Committee.

 Professors Drew Scott and Andrew Hughes Hallett say they  were effectively ambushed when they faced questioning on a different  topic to the one they expected.

 The academics claim they were being  used by the unionist parties to score political points against the  SNP.

 One of Scotland's most prominent west coast fishing ports  is being forced to diversify because of a sharp decline in  fishing boats using it.

 Mallaig has seen the number of local vessels  reduce by half in the past few years and visiting boats are also  in short supply.

 Jackie O'Brien reports.

 Going, going, gone.

 These  that he west coast fishing boat at different stages of decommissioning  after their skippers were forced to call it a day.

 It is a painful  process for Thomas, the youngest member of one of the area's oldest  sea going families.

 Well it is.

 It's quite, wrenching when they  came down with the crane and took it away and everything off it.

  You're left with just the hull.

 You have to move on.

 You can't sell  these boats.

 It is impossible.

 This boat, my brothers were trying to  sell this for over two years I think.

 And with the whole package,  they can't give it away.

 A decade ago, Mallaig was bustling and could  be used by up to 70 boats a Way day.

 The once healthy local fleet has  been reduced by more than half with with serious reper cautions for the  onshore industries.

 The demise of the fleet has led to the closure of  Mallaig's boat builders.

 But there is confidence that the community  can Sir Viiv.

 -- survive.

 We have to, the reduction equates to a  reduction in landings as well.

 So there is no, not same quantity of  prawns or white fish as there was and the harbour authority has to  diversify from fishing and moving into pastures now new.

 Work has  started on a small yachting marina and the community may consider  maying the local seaman's mission.

 It is bypassing a village, the  village gets help from government, with the decline in fishing, they  have got to look at it, we're a hub for ferries and to keep it viable,  it was always a vibrant village.

 Once of Scotland's most prominent  ports, Mallaig has no option now but to prefair for a future without  fishing.

 -- prepare for a future without fishing.

 The capercaillie  has become extinct in most parts of country.

 The birds are now just in  11 miles of woodland in Spratt spay.

 There are only 2,000 individual  birds.

 -- Strathspey.

 Sport now and has peace broken out in the SPL?  Despite a number of chairmen recently saying they are not in  favour, the 12 Scottish Premier League clubs appear a step closer  to agreeing to move to a 10-team top league.

 They met at Hampden  today to try to reach consensus on the way forward.

 And as Alasdair  Lamont reports, their proposal also has the backing of the Scotland  manager.

 The home of Scottish football played host to more talk.

  The outcome of the is the cushions was support for a top league of ten  and a second tier of 12.

 Consensus for the proposal had appeared  unlikely.

 So what was it that persuaded the doubters? It became  clear that the only structure that would deliver for all the clubs was  that struck chufrplt anything else would be concentrating on the elite.

  That won't help the second tier and you need the second tier to be  strong to enable the top tier to be stronger.

 Three clubs did signal  their preference for a four -- 14- team league.

 But among those behind  the drive to a smaller league is the Scotland manager and this is  why.

 I have you know one thought in my mind when I'm thinking about  reconstruction that is what is the best number of teams to give me as  international manager the best quality of player coming through.

  There is no doubt that when you play best against best, then that  produce better players.

 So the snal manager is convinced, but Neil  Doncaster has some work to do before the change gets the go ahead.

  The Celtic manager Neil Lennon has been given a severe censure and  warned about his future conduct by the SFA for comments made after  Celtic's home defeat by Rangers in October.

 Lennon was critical of  referee Willie Collum for giving a penalty against his side and for  not sending off Rangers' Lee McCulloch.

 The Celtic boss was  handed a six-match touchline ban last week following a separate  incident at Tynecastle.

 The Clydesdale Bank Manager of the  Month, Mixu Paatelainen, thinks he may struggle to replace Conor  Sammon with a home grown player because he feels he gets better  value from foreign imports.

 Kilmarnock and Scunthorpe United  have agreed a fee for Sammon who's already scored 16 goals for the  Ayrshire outfit this season including this one against St  Johnstone at the weekend.

 English players have are expensive,  compared to players from the continue innocent.

 We tend to get  those players cheaper and they are normally are gifted players and  with a good knowledge of football.

 Ideally you like to find a Scotsman,  but if not, then I need to look abroad.

 To tennis and Scotland's  Elena Baltacha will face the former champion Justine Henin in the  second round of the Australian Open after coming through against  American, Jamie Hampton.

 In the men's competition, last year's  beaten finalist, Andy Murray, gets his campaign under way early  tomorrow morning.

 The Scot says he's feeling mentally strong going  into the first Grand Slam of the season.

 Kheredine Iddesane is in  Melbourne for us.

 Every January Melbourne's mad for tennis.

 Aussie,  Aussie, Aussie! And here is why.

 The cream of the world game is all  in town.

 There has been a warm welcome for British No 1 and after  his emotional defeat in last year's final, he feels he is stronger  physically and mentally this time.

 All the players will have to play  great tennis to win.

 They have been able to do it very consistently.

 So  it will be very tough.

 But you know I have got a tough first match.

 You  need to try and improve with each match.

 He has had a taste of a full  house at the arena in a charity event for the victim of Queensland  floods.

 There was some flirting.

, some noising up of the world No 3.

  And the Serb got his revenge with Andy Murray flexing his muscles.

  This is for the Sun, the English Sun.

 Fun in the sun for Murray,  before his tournament starts tomorrow.

 This is the prize they  are playing for.

 Will Roger Federer lift it for the fifth time, or will  Rafael Nadal become the third player to hold all four Grand Slams  at once? Or will Andy Murray write a little chapter in British sport  history by becoming Scotland's first ever Grand Slam singles  champion.

 That is all the sport.

 You will like this story.

 You have  spent time in the hit parade.

 but is when it was in black and  white! A Scottish folk band is aiming to achieve mainstream pop  success with a new song - in Gaelic.

 The band, Manran, launched their  single at a concert in Glasgow last night as part of the Celtic  Connections festival and they hope it'll boost not only their career,  but the Gaelic language too.

 Craig Anderson reports.

 The song  describes a day in the Hebrides.

 If the band had their way, most of the  people buying the tune won't understand the words.

 Manran have  cultivated a following and launched their single last night.

 They  reckon it only needs several thousand people to down load the  song to propel it into the top 40.

 I think people are subject to  change and they like something that will will catchy and quirky.

 It is  Gaelic, and a minority language, but it is a good song and I think  we have done the best job we can.

 If they do achieve their objective,  they won't be the first band to take a Gaelic song to the top of  the charts.

 Capper Ceilidh and Runrig have done that.

 It is good  for Gaelic to be in a situation in some contemporary setting.

 The  whole idea of chart singles have changed.

 It is the digital era and  it is an interesting idea and I hope it works.

 A shift in record-  buying patterns means the charts are not as central to music  industry as they were.

 But for Manran, staking a claim for a place  in the top 40 is still a goal worth aiming for.

 Now a reminder our  money expert will be back a week on Wednesday and will look at the  mortgage market.

 If you have a query, drop him a line.

 Now the  query, drop him a line.

 Now the weather.

 Well it was a wet weekend  for many, with some places receiving over happen -- half their  monthly rain fall.

 But the rest of the week is look drier.

 We're going  into tonight with showers in western district and they will stay  intense and frequent for -- further east it will be drier.

 By tomorrow  morning sosm showers in Kintyre and the Glasgow area, with the heaviest  in much of the Highlands, the Western Isles and the Northern  Isles.

 They won't just be heavy and thundery, but also wintry over the  hills.

 For Moray and Aberdeenshire down o' into the Borders and  Dumfriesshire, here wit bill - it will be clearer and colder with a  widespread frost.

 A chilly start tomorrow with some fog.

 And then it  will be bright with sunshine and further showers.

 It is the same  areas as tonight that will see the showers tomorrow.

 So into the  Northern Isles, the north-west Highlands, the Western Isles and  down to Argyll, Stirlingshire, Kintyre, the Glasgow area and a few  will clip into the Galloway coast.

 To the east it will be dry and  bright with the best of the sunshine from Fife through Angus up  into Aberdeenshire and Moray.

 Temperatures not too far off the  average, around three to six degrees Celsius.

 The wind will veer  north-westerly later and it will become strong.

 But the showers  elsewhere will ease down.

 Wednesday we have high pressure developing.

  That will bring settled conditions.

 So for many it will be a chilly  start, but another dry one with a few pockets of freezing fog, bright  with sunshine and little in the way of showers.

 Temperatures peaking  knive six degrees and the wind will be light to moderate for many, and  it is a similar prospect or on thur.

 That high pressure will continue to  build across Scotland.

 So after tonight and tomorrow, once the  showers have eased down it is a settled, dry picture for the rest  of the week.

 Thank you.

 Now the top stories: Attempts are continue to -  - continuing to restore stability in tue is in ya.

 A transitional  Government has been announced.

 -- Tunisia.

 Police have charged the  Scotland and Dundee United striker, David Goodwillie with rape.

 The  charge is in connection with an alleged attack on a 24-year-old  woman.

 The bad weather has been blamed for a drop in new orders and  output.

 A report by the Bank of

 Yemen's President leaves the  country to seek medical help.

 He says he plans to return, but on the  streets, there are celebrations at his departure.

  Yemeni people are very happy that the President is out of the country.

  He's no more in the political scene of Yemen.

  As fighting continues in the region, we'll assess why it matters to the  West.

 Also on the programme, Israeli troops open fire as Syrian  protesters try to cross the border.

 Reports say 11 people have been  killed.

 The Government's economic policies  described as break neck and self- defeating by academics who demand a  Plan B.

 And clash of the tennis titans.

  Nadal and Federer in the French  Good Evening.

 In Yemen, thousands  of people have been celebrating the departure of the President.

 He's  gone for an operation to heal wounds inflicted from a missile  attack on his palace.

 Our correspondent sends this report  from Sanaa.

 The scene today in the squire is of  jubilation.

 People here think change is happening.

 People are  celebrating the President's departure.

 TRANSLATION: How can I  describe this? We are happy.

 Thank God.

 Today's like a great day for  us, it's a celebration.

 For four months, they have camped  at this square, calling on the President to step down.

 Now, after  33 years in power, he has left the country.

 He was targeted while  praying at this mosque in his presidential compound.

 Seven of his  guards and close supporters died.

 Many were injured.

 Some of his  family members have left too.

 Many of President Saleh's opponents  consider his departure as marking an end to his time in power.

 But  amid their optimism, there is concern that with his ruling party  still in charge, the future of the country remains unclear.

  The party is going to be in power for a few weeks longer.

 As soon as  they go into the national unity Government, they'll have to share  power with the opposition.

 I don't think he's in charge, I think the  Vice-President is now firmly in charge of the country.

 In Yemen's  second largest city, there's been more violence following weeks of  clashes with reports of four soldiers being killed.

  But in Sanaa today, the overwhelming view was that Yemen  has turned a corner towards a more peaceful and secure future.

  With me is our Security Correspondent Gordon Corera.

 Just  to broaden this out a little bit, why does this matter to people  here? The Foreign Secretary, William Hague, today, said that  Yemen was once of the principal issues for our national security  and risks becoming even more of a serious threat.

 The presence in the  country of a dangerous Al-Qaeda grouping, Al-Qaeda in the Arabian  peninsula which was behind the Detroit attempted bomb,  radicalising individuals in the UK, including one who stabbed a Member  of Parliament.

 The question is, what does any change in Yemen mean  for the struggle against that group? The President, President  Saleh, had been an allie of the West in trying to deal with it and  counter that group.

 He always warned that whatever came after him  might not be as effective, seen as scaremongering.

 But no-one is sure  what that means for this struggle against a particularly difficult  branch of Al-Qaeda.

 Thank you very much.

 A Royal  Marine's been shot dead in Afghanistan.

 The marine from 42  commando was killed on patrol in Helmand.

 His family have been told.

  A soldier who died in Helmand on Friday has been named as Corporal  Michael John Pike of the Royal Regiment of Scotland.

  Health authorities say locally grown bean strouts in northern  Germany have been identified as the likely cause of the outbreak of  E.

coli.

 The German Health Minister's said German hospitals  are struggling to cope with the flood of E.

coli victims as the  death toll rose to 22 with more than 2,000 people infected across  Europe.

 Israeli troops have opened fire on  a group of pro-Lynnian demonstrators to prevent them  crossing Syria into the Israeli occupied Golan Heights.

 Israel says  its soldiers fired at protesters' legs, but unconfirmed reports from  Syrian TV say 11 people have been killed.

 Live now to Kevin Connolly  who is there.

 How do you read the situation there now, Kevin? Well,  as evening comes, the situation is far from resolved.

 This  confrontation all began with an attempt by protesters, coming from  the hillside you can see over my shold tore the left there, down on  to the Israeli border -- my  shoulder to the left there, down on  the Israeli border.

 Syria says this land rightfully belongs to it.

  After six hours, the Israeli forces used teargas to try to drive  protesters back from a trench- filled with razor wire which marks  the front line and the use of the teargas was successful in moving  protesters away from the frontier.

 For six hours before that, Israeli  forces used live ammunition, the protesters were somersaulting over  earth works into a trench filled with razor wire by the Israelis.

  They could get no further, but as they exposed themselves in the  attempt to get to that frontier, we could hear the crackle of automatic  gun fire coming from the Israeli side.

 We've seen casualties being  carried back up the hillside, away from that line of confrontation, by  the protesters.

 Syrian sources are saying as many as 11 people have  been killed and perhaps 100 injured.

 The politics of this, Israel says  it's all about Syria attempting to change the narrative in the Middle  East to stop people talking about repression within its frontiers.

  Palestinians say no, this is their attempt to harness all the energy  of the Arab spring to their long- standing conflict with Israel.

  Whatever the truth of all that, the human cost today's been very high.

  Thanks Kevin.

 Dozens of academics have written an  open letter to a Sunday newspaper criticising the Chancellor's  approach to the economy, saying George Osborne's policies aren't  working and he needs to consider a plan B.

 It comes the day before the  IMF is due to deliver its verdict on the UK economy.

 Here is Joe  Lynam.

 As the spending cuts kick in, there are signs that the economy is  stalling a little.

 Some experts are asking whether it's now time for a  plan B and Labour agrees.

 deficit's got to come down.

 There's  no argument about that.

 There's no argument that there has to be tax  rises and spending cuts.

 The question is, the pace at which you  go.

 If you are going to do it in a balanced and steady way, the  economy recovers, more people are working and paying taxes, that gets  the deficit down.

 After a near record recession, the Government  says there is no room for manoeuvre.

 If you get 50 economists in a room,  you probably end up with 51 different opinions.

 The  international watchdogs like the OECD, they're all supporting our  plan.

 The last Labour Government didn't give us the luxury of being  able to choose a plan B.

 30 years ago, the then Conservative  Chancellor was urged by a larger group of experts to rein in his  plans to cut spending.

 Geoffrey Howe was subsequently vindicated,  George Osborne will be hoping that history repeats itself.

  Recent data seems to suggest that manufacturing is much weaker than  expected and the amount of homes being bought is also down.

 The  services sector, which is the economy's most important component,  is also less than robust.

 On the upside, there's evidence of  stronger construction figures and the amount of net jobs being  created is definitely up.

 Tomorrow, the IMF gives its annual  assessment of the health or otherwise of the UK economy and  it's likely to say that growth will be enknee Mick this year and things  could get worse before they get better.

 It's also likely to say  that the Chancellor's debt reduction policy is tough love and,  in the best long-term interests of the UK economy.

  But if the clouds oaf the economy simply don't lift and soon, then  call force an alternative solution to restoring growth are likely to  get louder and more widespread.

 Four people have been killed in a  head-on crash involving two cars in West Bromwich.

 The 34-year-old  female driver of a Citroen and her 28-year-old sister were both killed.

  The driver of a ford, a 48-year-old woman, died along with her male  passenger.

 A girl aged 11 was also hurt.

  Scotland's First Minister, Alex Salmond, says he wants the power of  the UK Supreme Court to be diminished.

 He's et up a panel to  review the role of the court in Scottish cases.

 He has accused the  court of intervening aggressively in Scotland's distinct system of  law and justice.

 Our Scotland correspondent, Glenn Campbell,  reports.

 Scotland has always had its own legal system, but the  Scottish Government says the UK Supreme Court is now aggressively  intervening in Scots law and threatening its independence.

  Newly re-elected First Minister, Alex Salmond, as appointed legal  experts to review the power play between the most senior judges on  the Scottish bench and those on the UK Supreme Court.

  I think we should worry if, for some reason, it's now being  suggested that the integrity of the Scottish judicial criminal system  is somehow less than, for example, the other 40 or so jurisdictions  across Europe.

 Another Scottish minister has said  trips to the Edinburgh Festival will have provided the only  knowledge some UK justices have of Scots law.

  What's the principle at stake? In Scotland, the High Court is the  final Court of Appeal in all criminal cases.

 But where there are  human rights issues, the UK Supreme Court, including two Scottish  judges, is higher.

 Now the Supreme Court has, for the first time,  effectively quashed a murder conviction in Scotland by deciding  the trial was unfair under the European convention on human rights.

  As a result of that ruling, this man, Nat Fraser, jailed for life  for killing his wife, could be freed as early as Wednesday unless  the high court in Edinburgh orders a retrial and refuses to bail him  in the meantime.

 But Mr Salmond's political rivals  say this row is less about the law and more about the Scottish  National Party's campaign to make Scotland an independent country.

  Alex Salmond began the campaign for the referendum independence this  week by appointing a chairman.

 This pech lens about the Supreme Court  is the first step in that campaign, separatism by a thousand cuts --  pet yew lens.

 There would be no role for the UK Supreme Court in  Scottish cases if the SNP did succeed in ending the United  Kingdom.

 A chain of volcanoes has erupted in  southern Chile sending a column of smoke and ash into the air.

 More  than 3,000 people are being housed in temporary shelters.

 The  authorities have issued a red alert, the maximum warning level for the  area around the volcanoes.

 The charity, Help for Heroes, is  set to reach the ï¿½100 million mark in public this week, just three-  and-a-half years after it was formed.

 It's hoped the latest fund-  raising event, a bike ride through the battlefields of France, will  push donations past the millstone.

 With some 300 riders about to leave  from Portsmouth, this latest event is not the biggest.

 But it could  achieve something very big indeed.

 The funds they raise are expected  to help the charity reach ï¿½100 million in public donations,  something Help for Heroes founders Emma and Britain Parry could never  have imagined.

 It's sort of unbelievable really.

 I don't think  we've quite grasped it yet and it probably won't sink in for a while.

  It's incredible that people wanted to join us and help these guys.

 I  just feel really Humbleed that other people wanted to help us do  it.

 We couldn't have done it on our own.

 It was in this office in which  they jokingly call the tin hut in Salisbury that the Parrys started  work on help for heroes in 2007.

 Initially they set out to raise  ï¿½10,000, but the idea captured hearts and people's imaginations  and within months, they were receiving cheques here for ï¿½100,000.

  With the backing of the Sun newspaper, Help for Heroes soon  became one of the nation's favourite causes.

  The X Factor teamed up with the charities, twice releasing singles  to raise funds.

 Then, there was a concert at  Twickenham, attended by Prince Harry.

 And dozens of high-profile  people, including the Prime Minister, have shown their support  by wearing the charity's wrist band.

 All initiatives that have helped  the charity raise enough funds to spend ï¿½19 million on various  projects, including a pool and gym at the Surrey headquarters opened  by Prince William.

 The charity is building several other recovery  units in the UK and has more plans to help more wounded soldiers, so  they say even if they do achieve their goal of ï¿½100 million, the  fund-raising must go on.

 The actor, Donald Hewlett, has died  in hospital at the age of 90.

 He had been ill for some time and died  at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in London last night.

 He  was best phone for his appearance in BBC comedies like It Ain't Half  Hot Mum.

 Now with news of that Grand Slam,  and the rest of today's sport, here is Olly.

  Thank you very much indeed.

 Another thralling Grand Slam between the  rivals Nadal and Federer.

 Nadal, the world number one, has never  lost to Federer at Roland Garros and he's looking to equal Borg's  record of six French Open titles.

 He was two sets up.

 But in the last  few minutes, Federer's pulled one back.

 Here is Tim Franks with the  latest.

 In the City of romance, tennis rekindled its love affair  with two of its greatest players, Federer and Nadal resuming their  age old rivalry, Nadal bouncing on his toes more like a boxer than a  tennis player.

 Strange to think that Federer, the serial champion  began this tournament an outside bet.

 He broke first, overwhelming  even the fierce Nadal forehand.

 Nadal seemed out of the sorts, the  trainer was called on.

 But then the surge began.

 Nadal winning seven  games back-to-back en route to the  first set and showing that he  The two men traded breaks in the second set and it went to a tie-  break.

 After a thumping baseline battle, Federer appeared spent.

  Nadal's cross court back hand less of a pass, more of a thrash.

  The world number one was too sets up on what on the clay courts of  Paris counts for him as home turf.

 Federer was a break down in the  third set but clawed back to the point where it was he who was  holding court.

 Not many people recover from being  two set down to Nadal, but Federer has at least claimed one set back.

  The Nottingham fighter Carl Froch has successfully defended his WBC  superweight title.

 He beat the Jamaican Glenn Johnson, on a  majority decision this morn pg.

 Next up for him is a unification  fight against Andre Ward later this year.

 Celebrations were few and far  between for England's cricketers today, just two wickets to show for  their efforts at Lord's on the third day of the second test  against Sri Lanka.

 Rain brought an early close with the tourists on  372 for 3 still 114 runs short of England's first innings score.

 Colm  Harrison reports.

 England clearly couldn't wait to get going,  possibly buoyed by the breakthrough they made before last night's close.

  The change of day didn't herald a change in fortune.

 The morning  session belonged to Sri Lanka and included another landmark for  Tillakaratne Dilshan.

 With lunch approaching, Tremlett managed to  lift the gloom marginally, and saw off Kumar Sangakkara, whose role as  anchorman seen him baby off 26 for 93 Balls.

 Dilshan carried on,  heading to a double century, but seven runs short of that, he was  out, something finally to make Finn smile.

 He'd been way ward yesterday,  but this was much more like it.

 England's spirits were dampened  when rain forced an early tea break and, after only five balls of what  should have been an elong ateed

 Good evening.

 The former Home  Secretary Jack Straw has been criticised for suggesting that some  young men of Pakistani origin regard young white girls as easy  targets for sexual abuse.

 He made his remarks after the jailing of a  mainly Asian gang which prayed on girls in the Derby area.

  Abid Saddique on the left was described by the judge as an evil  predator.

 He and Mohammed Liaqat were given indefinite jail terms.

  They were ringleaders of a gang that cruised the streets of Derby  in search of vulnerable young girls.

 Their victims were groomed for sex  and then abused.

 These two teenagers were lucky and they  walked away.

 The race of the victims and their abuse was  coincidental, it said the judge, but Jack Straw has warned of a  problem with some Pakistani men who see white girls as easy meat.

  is a specific problem which involves Pakistani heritage men, of  some age as well, who target vulnerable young white girls, and  we need to get the Pakistani community to think much more  clearly about why this is going on.

 Jack Straw knows the Pakistani  community well.

 He has represented Blackburn for over 30 years.

 In  town today, shoppers gave their reaction to commence.

 I think he is  right.

 Like you say, there is not as much openness as there should be.

  It might happen but it is at a very small group of Asian Pakistani  people.

 Muslim groups say this is just about criminality and Jack  Straw should not stereotype one ethnic group.

 What I think the  police should do is investigate these cases and see if there are  common patterns.

 But the statement that it is a cultural problem for  the Pakistani community in particular, or certain sections of  it, I think is a leap too far for me.

 Child protection officers says  that St grooming needs more examination and the police have  said it is now a priority.

 Roy Hodgson has left Liverpool  Football Club by mutual consent.

 He has only won seven of 20 games,  leaving them just four points above the relegation zone.

 Danny Dalglish  -- Kenny Dalglish has been put in charge for now.

  Yes, it was only yesterday that I was talking about Liverpool getting  rid of unpopular owners.

 Now the manager has gone but the situation  for the club is the same.

 Failing to meet the expectation of fans and  failing to live up to the standards of the past.

 After winning just  seven league games in charge, Roy Hodgson cannot be surprised to be  leaving.

 Vastly experienced, widely respected, but rejected.

 Roy  Hodgson has been a manager for 35 years but at the ball he lasted  only six months, leaving with a familiar longing for more time.

 For  while he really has been walking alone.

 Today he said he had found  the last few months some of the most challenging of his career.

 He  is sad not to have been able to put his stamp on the squad and to be  given time to bring new players into the club.

 Liverpool need  immediate improvement and no longer trust him.

 He has turned out to be  the wrong manager at the wrong time.

 There is negativity about the club.

  They have been losing games and there is a problem with the way  they are playing at problems with the fans after the game last week.

  Liverpool lost to Northampton in the Carling Cup.

 So few fans will  be sad to see him go.

 This is the first major test for Liverpool's  new American owner John Henry.

 He has turned to a tried and tested  tactic.

 When the future looks bleak, return to the past.

 Kenny Dalglish  will take charge of the team for the rest of the season, a man who  has lived Liverpool since he was signed for Celtic in 1977.

 In 1985  he took over as player-manager and was in charge until 1991, when he  left, seeking a break from football.

 His record is outstanding, a league  championships, three European Cups and other domestic trophies came  during his time at Liverpool.

 -- 80 league championships.

 Is any of  that relevant now? I think he will bring experience and know-how, but  whether he brings that onto the pitch time will tell.

 The fans were  certainly lifted this morning.

 Hodgson could never match  Liverpool's emotional bond with Dalglish.

 His appointment will buy  time but it will not guarantee success.

 A gentle reintroduction  for Kenny Dalglish tomorrow, an FA Cup tie follower ball away at  Manchester United.

 If Liverpool players failed to show enthusiasm  there, they really do have problems.

 American authorities have demanded  that Twitter handover the personal details of several account-holders  leaked to the whistle-blowing website WikiLeaks.

 The USA is  examining possible charges against Julian Assange, the founder of  WikiLeaks, following the leaking of a quarter of a million diplomatic  cables.

 Information about Twitter accounts, addresses and online  activities have been requested by the US Department of Justice.

  Police in Bristol say that they are following up a number of new leads  in the hunt for the killer of Joanna Yeates.

 Today her family  renewed their appeal for any information that might identify the  killer.

 What have the family had to say? Police are continuing to  appeal for information.

 They are after that Golden nugget, they call  it, a vital piece of information, a clue that could prove crucial to  the investigation.

 We have also been hearing from Jo Yeates's  family, and they have issued an emotional state and.

 They say they  spend a lot of time thinking about the events which led their daughter  from being a carefree young woman to a body by the side of the road.

  They have been moved to tears by letters and cards from strangers.

  They also said that Christmas would never be a time of celebration  again thanks to Jo's killer.

 Her family have once again renewed the  appeal for information, saying that anyone with any information should  come forward, no matter how small or insignificant they might think  it is.

 The radical Shia cleric Muqtada Al-  Sadr has addressed the huge public rally after returning to Iraq after  four years of self-imposed exile in Iran.

 Speaking in Najaf, he  announced that the United States, Israel and Britain were common  enemies, but that it was time to build for the future.

 He has been  away for four years.

 His youthful black beard is tinged with grey,  but Muqtada Al-Sadr can still pull in crowds.

 Many things may have  changed, but the fiery anti- American rhetoric, which his  followers expect, is still very much there.

 Iraq has passed through  difficult circumstances that panic everybody, disturb all the people  and was a source of discomfort for everybody except our common enemies,  America, Israel and Britain.

 Therefore repeat after me, no to  America.

 But there was a new note of moderation and conciliation.

 He  said that Iraq eased should only raise their hands against occupiers  and not against one another.

 -- Iraqis.

 Muqtada Al-Sadr was against  the Americans from the outset.

 His militia, the Mehdi army, battled  them in 2004.

 Two years later, it was deeply embroiled in sectarian  bloodletting against the Sunni people.

 In 2008, it was crushed by  the Iraqi army, and supposedly disbanded.

  That was done on the orders of the Prime Minister, Nouri Al-Maliki,  seen here at the parade for the police today.

 But ironically it was  support for Muqtada Al-Sadr that gave him his second term.

 Despite  the bad blood between them, they are now coalition allies.

 Muqtada  Al-Sadr has seven seats in the new cabinet.

 So the noise is a pretty  positive from an Iraqi point of view.

 But don't forget that Muqtada  Al-Sadr had backed the first Government of Nouri Al-Maliki, only  to withdraw that support later on.

 Nothing can be taken for granted.

  We return to sport.

 26 games to date in the third round of the FA  Cup and the results can be found on the BBC sport website.

 Leeds United  knocked out Manchester United at

 The headlines: Opposition groups in  Syria say that the security forces have opened fire one anti-  government demonstrations across the country including the capital  Damascus.

 At least 28 people are reported to have been killed.

  Syrian TV said the government forces had been attacked by what it  called well-armed terrorist groups.

 The main rebel held city in western  Libya, Misrata, has come under a renewed artillery barrage by  Colonel Gaddafi's troops.

 At least 42 have been killed and more than  60 wounded.

 Doctors said there was no sign of NATO warplanes.

 The US  Defence Secretary Robert Gates has strongly is criticised America's  European allies over their lack of commitment to military operations  in Libya and Afghanistan.

 In his last major speech before he retires  later this month, he said some NATO countries like political will.

 And  government officials have made what companies, farmers and  environmental groups to discuss the impact of one of the dry air  springs on record.

 A drought has officially been declared in East  Anglia and past of the South West, South East, the Midlands and Wales  are also suffering from low water levels.

 The meeting in London  considered measures to save water in the short-term and rations  applies in the future.

 Now let's look at what is making the paper's  front pages.

 The Daily Telegraph leads with more revelations from  leaked documents.

 These ones alleging that Ed Balls and Gordon  Brown ignored Civil Service warnings about excessive government  spending back in 2006.

 Mr Ball says that the accusations are not  substantiated by the documents.

 Ed Balls finds himself on another  cover, playing cricket for Parliament against the MCC.

 The  lead story is a interview with the chairman of the disability charity  Scope.

 Another lead story in the government -- the Guardian, the  paper has obtained the speech David Miliband would have given it the  one the Labour Party leadership battle.

 It would have mourned about  the problems of the budget deficit.

 -- warned.

 The Independent leads on  Syria, with more detail on the crackdowns.

 The FT also goes with  the problems on the international stage.

 A warning from the outgoing  US Defence Secretary that European countries must do more to shoulder  the burden of security around the Continent if Major is to survive.

  The Daily Mail's focus is very much at home.

 It says ministers have  abandoned plans to force councils to reinstate weekly been  collections for 10 million  households.

 Now it is time for  Click.

 This show uses every gimmick in the book to grab your attention.

  Even while you're parking your car  before you get to the show.

 I will  head on over in a minute.

 Welcome to Click.

 For many people, video  games have become mainstream entertainment, taking their place  alongside navies and television as a way of getting really excited, or  chilling out.

 So it is no surprise that the annual video games  extravaganza takes place just down the road from Hollywood.

 This is  downtown Los Angeles.

 And this is E three.

 The Electronic Entertainment  Expo is the launch pad for all of the call new games and hot new  hardware.

 This week, we will get up close and personal with Microsoft's  are graded Controller, Sony's new PlayStation and Nintendo's  bizarrely named knew we mac.

 Abbey is going to be put out of business  by these? We will examine the rise and rise of mobile phone Games.

 All  that plus the latest technology news and the greatest weight is the  big events from any angle.

 There is a lot of money sloshing around the  video games industry and a lot of red slashes into gear and the  enormous enormous -- and almost noisy displays that they have here  and the big events thrown by the major players in the industry.

 In  the past they have wheeled out a list made the stars and even the  remaining Beatles.

 It is almost like they are worried that the  hardware and the games themselves are not exciting themselves.

 We  have had the unenviable task of coming through the show this to get  to the real stories.

 Here in the big announcements from the Siposs  show.

 E three, gives the industry heavy you there's the chance to  show off their latest digital delights the console and PC.

 --  heavy hitters.

 Every few years, a new side Colwell be announced to  the -- console will be announced with the kind of them they usually  reserve there were Royal weddings.

 This year there are two Madni heart  wears on the horizon.

 The device is called a -- causing the most fuss  is the successor to the Nintendo Wii.

 It is currently the number one  seller in the world and Kent Nintendo a repeat that success with  its latest offering? It is infinitely complex and yet  perfectly simple all at the same time.

 It can change the way that  you gain a personally and it can change the way that you interact  with your family and friends.

 not know about that.

 At first  glance, that control looks like the result of a fling between a tableau  device and a joy pad.

 And it has many features of a tablet as well,  the feature of a touch screen, Mo share and sensing and cameras the  video calling.

 Those sticks Sherry the gaming rooms.

 It is also a  backwards compatible with the Nintendo Wii in all of its  peripheral.

 But this will be capable of high-definition visuals.

  Gains were available to play on the show for and they indicated the  capabilities of the machine.

 Most resolved around multi-player many  games which were fine is a little bit too cutesy.

 But, while  Nintendo's designers have clearly been enjoying their new toys, what  will the vast majority of third party games designers think of it?  It takes time to put the quality of the concept in.

 We probably had a  little bit of a head start when we were looking at it, developing the  hardware.

 But with this new controller, we have been talking to  a lot of the developers early and they are really excited about what  they can do.

 Recently, Nintendo would support the third party,  people have said that the first part the title seemed to be a bit  strong up.

 But the last few generations, we have been getting  more and more support from third party because of what we can offer  them as Miras developing really interesting concepts.

 The second  new piece of hardware comes courtesy of Sony, with its new head  held PlayStation.

 Announced earlier this year, exports front and rear  touch screens.

 And there will be why fire only and 3G versions.

 An  impressive technical line-up.

 But will it be enough to fend off the  relentless assault of smart phones on the hand held gaming sector? Of  course, the biggest story at Sony was not its new hand-held.

 We have  to talk about security.

 After 100 million people have lost their data  as a result of the PlayStation Edberg being mad, what can Steny do  to re- install convincing consumers? First, I think that the  most important thing is to make sure that our network systems are  so cure.

 - both in terms of the new Data Centre, that will enable a bow  services do, as well as additional firewalls and other security  measures that we have put in place.

 Also a year in the United States  and countries where the services are available, we have put in a new  programme where the consumers can sign up for a programme where Yves  their data, their personal data, is misused, then there is an insurance  in place where we will make sure that the consumers are protected  from any misuse of their information.

 We had made the  announcement about the insurance and the fat with the credit-card  information - we do not know for a fact that any credit card  information was taken.

 But in the abundance of safety, we wanted to  make share -- sure that we shared that as a potential possibility.

  Also with regard to the 100 million accounts, we do know that the  information was access.

 We do not know what part of the 100 million  Accounts were actually taken from our service.

 For example, it might  be 100.

000.

001st names, it might be 100 million last four digits of  phone number, it could be the one man -- entire account information,  we just do not know.

 The people intruding our systems were very  good at hiding their tracks as they left assistance.

 So we may not know  for a very long time, or never know.

 As the only major console player at  the conference without our way to show, Microsoft relied on a slew of  new games for its motion control system.

 Wielding an imaginary light  sabre and invoking the power of the force seems to be the order of the  day for Star Wars.

 While another game sees a player riding a horse  in between bouts a spell casting.

 There are new additions to the  world of motion tracking tricks, with scanning faces and clothes as  well as object recognition.

 While these experiences are fine, they  are a little bit slight.

 But the most interesting thing about them  if they now indicate what this system is now capable of.

 As well  as making me look good.

 The boys' recognition abilities have now been  paid with Microsoft's Been said tools, to allow the user to search  for entertainment content and strain it into their 360.

 So the  Connect is helping keep the console fresh.

 But in the face of the  innovative competition from Nintendo, how long will this be  connected with the XBox 360? have had millions XBox are sold an  we all have our biggest he ever and we have shown that we are growing  at a faster rate than any of our competitors.

 I think that we have  got here is out him from us.

 Sir,  Nintendo tries to redefine the home  console.

 Sony, redefine the hand console and Microsoft read bits its  wars.

 As usual, Apple do not play with anyone else say they have been  having their own shindig a few hundred miles in that direction.

  Here are the big announcements from the Apple event plus the be  technology stories making headlines this week.

 Apple's share of new  operating software they anything beginning with I.

 A'sOh West brings  more than 250 new features, including full screen adds that can  be swapped between and a range of the multi- Taj and gestures.

 IPad  and iPhone users will get I l s five this autumn, featuring Andre  black notifications, blackberry messaging and their integration  with Twitter.

 And mobile many bites the dust to be replaced by an  online storage service called I cloud.

 It will back up and send  data across all Apple devices while asleep.

 The UN has declared that  access to the internet is now a fundamental human right.

 It has  urged governments to make universal access a priority, saying that the  internet has combat inequality and accelerated development and human  progress.

 The report also criticised moves Saad says those by  France, Britain and New Zealand, will automatically disconnect use  is suspected of repeatedly downloading copyrighted material  illegally.

 It says that such punishments should be decided by  the courts.

 The Facebook admits that it could have handled the  roll-out of an aldermanic face recognition system that after year  it was accused of Wylie switching it on across its network.

 The  feature automatically spots beaches in friends photos to encourage more  tagging.

 Apart from issuing a notice last December saying that  trials would be carried out in America, no-one noticed -- was told  earlier this week when it was switched on globally nor told how  to Lockett out if they do not want to be recognised by the software.

  Sire much of a three-year the last these has been dedicated to the big  game in consols.

 It is important not to forget the handbells, like  Nintendo's DS and Sony's incarnations of these devices roll-  out, they face stiff competition from something that you have had in  your pocket for years.

 The ever more capable computer in your  pocket is of course a games machine as well.

 The application stores by  his thousands of games, all available to download for a couple  of pounds or even free.

 Considerably less than a 20 pound  gained for a dedicated gaming console.

 There are also many more  smart phones and they are hand-held games machines.

 300 million  handholds sold last year, against just 27 million PlayStation  personals and DS.

 It is estimated that the number of games downloaded  to find is dwarfed the number of games played on traditional  machines.

 In a certain light, that makes the smart phone by far the  world's biggest gaming platform and it is certainly something that  Apple claimed that its developer conference his way.

 Then there are  the tablets, offering the user a bigger screen and a better  processor on which to play these games.

 So, as any releases the  PlayStation in the dark in hope of reviving its flagging fortunes and  Nintendo's three DS suffers from worse-than-expected sales, are the  gaming giants doing enough from the rise and rise of games on phones.

  Even Sony is arguably hedging its bets.

 The Sony Ericsson play fine  being the first to be PlayStation certified, meaning that although it  is and enjoy device, known as can  lead to the PlayStation sweet and  With me is the President of the eight games.

 It sounds like mobile  phone games are Killeen the traditional hand-held games? It is  hurting the business but growing the overall opportunity for games.

  We used to talk about a few hundred million users but with mobile  phones we are talking about billions of consumers.

 Overall it  is a plus for the industry.

 there a difference between the type  of game proving popular on phones to that on the more powerful  devices as they stand? If you look at them in terms of their life  cycle.

 Smart phones are fairly new to gaining.

 You see more  straightforward designs but they are becoming increasingly complex  as customers on phones want deeper and more complex experiences.

 We  will be able to pull out great experiences that we could not have  imagined a few years ago.

 Changing the subject, the a has talked about  the fact that it wants to move to distributing games by download  alone.

 You want to get rid of buying this, taking it home and  storing it on the machine.

 Talk us through how that will work and how  popular you think that will be.

 is hugely popular.

 We are talking  about 1.

5 billion customers worldwide.

 To reach them directly  and provide games on a one-on-one relationship is what we are wanting  to do.

 Do you need the internet infrastructure around the world?  Because these games a huge, aren't they? You tailor the games and make  them smaller for emerging markets.

 We made a small game and it is the  number one in Russia and Brazil.

 So you tailor the game for the local  conditions.

 But to be able to reach that mark good for the first time  is what is exciting for us.

 He changed the design and the  technology a bit.

 If you allow people to download games, it  increases the chance of piracy because you can intercept the  download, there is no physical disk that you need and then you can just  torrent that 2 million of your closest friends.

 A great question.

  That is what killed the music and film of business online.

 In games,  we do not have that problem.

 He still have to connect to our server.

  If you have a pirated copy, it will not play.

 So it allows us to manage  the process we want to connect to our services because that is what  the larger community is playing and you can get at it.

 So we are unique  and very different to music and film.

 Piracy is something we can  manage.

 Thank you.

 Your thoughts would be welcome on our website or  you can tweak us.

 And some of the more oddball things  on display this year.

 There are plenty of emphasis on the  visual side of things but let's not forget the audio side of gaming as  well.

 We have this little gadget that plugs into your console or PC  via USB and you can customise the options to give you far better  sound than you already have.

 With an interface like this, you can  adjust the base or treble or give yourself a virtual surround-sound  which will improve that gaining experience.

 Gamers often wear  headsets with built-in microphones but Sarah is sporting a microphone  that takes its vibrations from the larynx so it offers clear sound.

 It  is used by the military.

 Microsoft Connect may be the fastest-selling  consumer electronics device of all time but you need a big play area  to use it.

 This little device may help.

 Euclid it onto the front and  it widens the field of view which means you can steer it -- stand  further from your opponent and television.

 This avoids a smashing  the small child next year.

 Hard gamers often go on about that more  immersing experience and I think I might have found something.

 This is  a curved screen on a portable frame.

 You can see just how immerse it you  can get in the game.

 You have one or two projections and a some  software doing some distortion and then you simply play away.

 You  really do feel like you are in  again.

 At $2,500, it is not cheap.

  You will have to leave me to it for now.

  The trouble with Peter events like e three is that you cannot be  everywhere at once.

 -- big events.

 If you have enough people you can  cover every angle.

 Even if you do not know who the people are.

  Social networks are all about connecting with people, even if  they do go to LA Without You.

 But with colour, a free application for  the iPhone with an android version imminent, it is about connecting  with people in your immediate proximity, sharing photos, video  and tat in real time to give you a unique and multi-faceted view of an  event.

 -- chat.

 It seems like his world and his mother want to go  social at the moment and I am not sure we need to many more places to  Network online.

 However, this application of this will benefit  for things like music festivals, parties and large events so you can  capture a moment of your camera from dozens of different angles and  perspectives.

 It is hard to imagine the power of this application when  using it on your own.

 In April they showcased at a film premiere in  Manhattan where 49 people took nearly 800 photographs from every  angle of the red carpet.

 You can  see the end result on their website.

  With pre-launch funding reportedly at a mind-blowing $41 million, it  is no surprise that out -- the application looks and feels well  made.

 Let's hope it lives up to the hype when more people climb on  board to create the critical mass.

 So what is the value of your social  network? Empire Avenue .

com can help to answer that question as you  trade a virtual currency for shares in a person or company social media  profile.

 And add value to your profile by engaging with all of  your network through sites like Facebook, Twitter, U Jupe mac and  flicker.

 -- YouTube.

 This game is in a similar vein to the BBC's Auld  website.

 So I wonder about the longevity of the content.

 It is  good you are not limited to celebrities, you can buy shares etc.

  All it needs is a social media profile.

 There are business  implications for aside like this if that takes off.

 Away for plans to  connect with interested audiences.

 And the icing on this social media  cupcake is the chattel so you can compare notes with other people on  the website on live chat.

 You can  find a useful beginner's guide on  how to play.

 Life is a journey and if you want  to share that trip, here is an interesting new addition to the  internet.

 This free Flash based social talk led to add video,  pictures, notes, social media, feeds and more to any day in the  calendar.

 All wrapped up in a new  interface that is nicely customise  a bull.

 Even if you do not want to share your journey with the rest of  the world, this is a great place to make a personal journal so you can  keep those treasured memories safe and lobbying from any browser when  you want to relive them.

 -- log in.

 Link with other social media  accounts.

 This strikes me as a meter which alternative to the  classic diary.

 Make sure you set your privacy levels appropriately  if you do not want your siblings reading it.

  Sometimes your friends go on more interesting travels than you.

 That  was demonstrated when my colleague went to Los Angeles this week.

 But  you can follow their exploits with a Facebook plug-in that uses the  travel resources built into the social network to extract albums  from various locations, all wrapped up in a nice simple interface.

 And  I am so jealous of my niece's  recent visit to my mother's house.

  I deserve a weekend break as well.

  And that's it for Click.

 You will  find more technology news on our website.

 Along with a lead to the  radio pod cast.

 On this week's show, the team take a look at the  implication of the UN's declaration that access to the internet should  be considered a human right.

 Get in touch and e-mail us or find us on  Twitter.

 Thank you ball-watching  and see you next time.

 -- for  and see you next time.

 -- for Good morning.

 We will keep the  unsettled weather over the weekend.

 Today will be a case of sunshine  and showers.

 Sunday will see more persistent rain spreading in from  the south.

 And staying of cool over the course of the weekend.

 It call-  back start of a morning with temperatures down to about four  degrees.

 A lot of sunshine around with one or two showers.

 A few  showers in the South East we're -- South East Midlands but northern  England should be mostly dry.

 For eastern Scotland, a fair amount of  cloud with some showery outbreaks of rain.

 Showers in Scotland,  brushing the north coast of Northern Ireland.

 For the most it  will be dry with some bright spells.

 Sunny spells for most of Wales as  well.

 Showers hugging the coastline.

 Temperatures in Swansea and Cardiff  about 10 or 11 degrees.

 Similar conditions in the south-west of  England.

 A few showers in Cornwall but for Devon and southern areas of  England it should be dry and very  bright.

 A few showers lingering on  the south-east of England.

 For the rest of the day, showers in the  south-east continue.

 A scattering of showers developing right across  the UK.

 More significant and persistent for Scotland.

 Some heavy  showers for the south of Scotland, the north-east of England and  temperatures on the cool side at 15-18 degrees.

 One or two showers  continuing for the evening in north-east England.

 The rain  continues in Scotland and gathers towards the south and west.

 If you  have any outdoor plants on Sunday, there may be rain.

 For the drought  restricted areas this will be good news.

 About 10-50 millimetres in  eastern parts of the UK.

 That rain will gradually spread through the  south-west.

 -- 10-15.

 The heaviest

 Good afternoon.

 The Deputy Prime  Minister, Nick Clegg, has launched a fierce attack on David Cameron  and those opposed to changing the voting system at Westminster.

 In an  interview with The Independent on Sunday, Mr Clegg describes  campaigners pressing for a "no" vote in the forthcoming referendum  as a nasty "right-wing clique".

 Let's speak to our political  correspondent, Louise Stewart, who joins us now from Westminster.

 It  looks like this is becoming an increasingly ill-tempered campaign.

  Absolutely, Nick, it seems to have ratcheted up over the last couple  of days.

 There was a bit of a spat in interviews yesterday between the  Prime Minister and Nick Clegg.

 Today in this interview Nick Clegg  has spoken out in the strongest language we've heard yet.

 And then  the deputy Liberal Democrat leader, Simon Hughes, speaking on the  Andrew Marr programme, said he was going to go to the Electoral  Commission, because he wanted them to investigate the language useded  in the "no" campaign.

 He said they contained untruths.

 On the same  programme the Foreign Secretary, William Hague, said there was a lot  of excitement, people get very heated in election campaigns.

 But  he stressed that the untruths, as he put it the accusations are being  directed towards the "no" campaign and not the Conservative Party.

 He  said the "no" campaign was made up of people of all different  political allegiances.

 He wanted to stress that the coalition was  strong and will remain strong even after this referendum vote.

  Louise, thank you.

 The Foreign Office has urged all  British nationals in Syria to leave the country, unless they have a  pressing need to remain, because of the deteriorating security  situation.

 More than 100 anti- Government protesters are reported  to have been killed by security forces over the past two days.

 In  his Easter message from the Vatican the Pope has called on the  international community to use diplomacy and dialogue instead of  arms in Libya.

 Here, the Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams,  spoke about the importance of religious relationships.

  It was Pope Benedict's traditional message to the City of Rome and the  world beyond delivered on Christianity's principal festival.

  The Pope greeted pilgrims in St Peter's Square in many world  languages.

 The leader of the Roman Catholic Church in Scotland, eeth  O'Brien, used his Easter message to deliver a blistering attack on what  he described as aggressive secularism, which he said was  seeking to remove God from public debate.

 He inn assisted that  Christians who refused to endorse homosexuality were being  marginalised.

 Cardinal O'Brien has gained a reputation of his  entrenched Christian teaching.

 He warned that enemies of Christianity  wielded great power and were seeking to destroy their heritage  and culture.

 The leader of the Roman Catholic Church in England  and Wales said many who attacked Christianity showed how little they  understood the faith.

 Archbishop Vincent Nichols spoke of what he  called the dark work of death this Easter.

  However, in his Easter sermon the Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan  Williams, warned that people were too ready to believe that having a  happy life meant having material goods.

 Dr Williams said real  happiness came from relationships.

 A ,000 extra police officers are on  duty in Glasgow to try to prevent violence breaking out between  Celtic and Rangers, who meet today in the last Old Firm Derby of the  season.

 Their manager, Neil Lennon, was jeered by Rangers fans as he  arrived for the match.

 Officers

 Look North.

 The headlines tonight:  Fighting off the super dairy.

 50,000 people sign a petition  against one being built near Lincoln.

 This is not what we want.

  It is not the way we see the farming industry going.

  The widow who took her husband's ashes to court to face the woman  who killed him.

 When I was holding his hand when he was dead, I was  promising that he would come to court with me.

  Grimsby Fish market bosses say stocks are sustainable as celebrity  chefs urge us to eat less cod and haddock.

  Discovering the secret of "Hullness" - the job to look at how  local buildings reflect the spirit of the city.

  There is milder weather on the way, but wetter weather as well.

 The  Hello.

 It has backed a national protest and generated debate up and  down the country.

 The public consultation about plans to build a  super dairy in Lincolnshire came to a close.

 A petition containing tens  of thousands of signatures was handed into councillors.

 The  proposed site, close to the village of Nocton, would house almost 4,000  cows.

 It would become the biggest farm of its kind in the UK.

  Caroline Dalton reports.

 It was a low-key event, but those  behind it hoped it would have maximum impact.

 A petition 53,000  strong, calling for plans for super dairy in Lincolnshire to be  rejected.

 But do we want this on our doorstep? It seems the wrong  place.

 Is this the way the farming industry can go? Any people say no.

  This is where it could be built.

 A quiet part of the County, south of  Lincoln.

 What is planned here would impact on far more than just  Lincolnshire.

 The Nocton plans are modelled on this, the American mega  dairy, where milk is produced on an industrial scale.

 Nocton would be  significantly smaller, housing just over 3,700 cows, but it is a step  too far for some in the UK and has led to a great deal of opposition.

  The opposition is based on scientific fact.

 It is based on  assessment of the documents.

 everyone is opposed to the plans.

  The National Farmers' Union, which acts as the boys for farmers across  the UK, believes it is a good thing.

 I think the issue has been blown  out of proportion.

 I think people think it will be a factory farm.

  The animals will be kept in exceedingly good conditions.

 They  will have a vet on call 24 hours a day.

 At the Nocton dairy will cost  £34 million.

 Those behind it hope a decision will be made on fact, not  emotion.

 North Kevesten council will cap a fact of the application,  and they will look at the objections, but they will look at  them on a factual basis.

 I will be disappointed if the council turn it  down purely because of the objections.

 Depending which side of  the fence you are on, the plans for this site could be detrimental to  this area and farming or, on the other hand, be the right type of  investment that dairy industry in the UK needs.

 The decision rests  purely with Northcliffe -- the decision rests purely with North  Beverstone Council.

 Thank you very much.

 One man with  huge experience of the industry is Lord Haskins, whose family started  Northern Dairies, and who lives in Skidby in East Yorkshire.

 I asked  him if he thinks the super dairy in not and could be the future of the  industry.

 Yes and No.

 I think it is a bit too big, much too big, in  fact.

 Dairy farms which go above 1,000, they can be difficult to  manage.

 There is no evidence of welfare problems with the animals.

  Problems arise because the animals tend to be over bread, and to be  over productive.

 What worries me is that many of these cowers only  produce two pass and are being worked to death.

 I do not think it  is to do with the size of the farm as such.

 It is certainly not a  family farm, and France to work best when they are run by families.

  The why are we losing so many of the smaller dairy farmers? Is that  the fault of the supermarkets wanting cheaper milk? A I do not  think it is the fault of the supermarkets, but there is a  problem with the price of built.

 The small farms that I going out,  they have farms of 68 of 70 cows.

 A modern dairy has to have around 200  cows are to be viable.

 A lot of the small farms are tied going out  arguing out because they are not big enough.

 Many think this sort of  Derry is to began by calling it battery farming.

 I concerned about  the animal welfare? I am not.

 The evidence shows the animals are  relaxed about it.

 Their health may even be better in some ways.

 I am  worried about the type of animal they are breeding to produce this  milk.

 I think it is going too far and we need to look at that.

 There  are environmental issues as well.

 I wonder if they will be as  competitive as they say they are.

 If you produce milk in areas where  the grass grows well, I suspect you can grow milk better than in places  like Lincolnshire.

 For very interesting to talk to you, Lord  Haskins.

 Thank-you.

 The plan still remain controversial.

  Should they be given the go ahead, or would it be better if the  industry had small farms? Send us your views and we will have some  In a moment: The row over a frozen pipe that has left two households  without running water for three weeks.

  It is an act of grief which our criminal courts say they have  rarely seen.

 When Julia came's husband was killed by a motorist  driving on the wrong side of the road, she promised to take his  ashes into court.

 At Hull Crown Court last week, she did just that  when the driver responsible pleaded guilty to causing death by  dangerous driving.

 Phil Connell has been to meet her.

  He was a grandad.

 He was her husband.

 I miss him every single  day, every day is like February 5th to me.

 The it is almost a year  since Julia Cain's husband Phil was killed by a motorist who had been  driving on the wrong side of the road.

 The police investigation has  led to criminal proceedings against the woman who pleaded guilty to  death caused by careless driving.

 This was the image that made  headlines.

 Julia Cain arriving with a parcel containing an urn with her  husband's ashes in.

 I promise when I was holding his hand, when he was  dead, I said, I promise, no matter what, you were coming to court with  me.

 That's why I felt a calmness.

 Julia had been given special  permission to take her husband's ashes into the court.

 Throughout  the hearing, she cradled the earned on her lap.

 He made a lot of  difference to me.

 I held him.

 I got a warm feeling.

 I got a sense of  confidence not to do was say anything in the Court Room.

 That is  what helped me together.

 The driver responsible for Phil's death will  be sentenced on February 18th.

 Julia has promised to take her  husband's ashes back into court for that hearing as well.

  It is feared that 90 jobs may be lost after a Lincolnshire based  perfume manufacturer announced it has gone into liquidation.

 Eros  Laboratories in Metheringham is a family-run business that makes  perfumes, creams and Self tanning products.

 Employees were told  yesterday the company was to close.

 Jake Zuckerman is in Lincoln with  the latest.

 This is a blow to the people of Metheringham.

  Metheringham is a very small village, and Eros Laboratories is a  significant employee are in the area.

 More than 160 people worked  at a factory at its height, making cosmetics for big retailers.

 In  recent times, it had suffered in a competitive market place.

 There  were only 80 full-time staff last August, and 10 agency staff.

 I  spoke to local people, many of whom were shocked.

 It is a small village.

  Quite a lot of local people were employed there.

 It is a shame.

  know some young people that work there.

 I do not know what they will  do now.

 It costs are not to go into town to work.

 People made these  little jobs in mothering hum.

 We need this factory.

 It is part of  the village and part of an industry that is dying.

 The company  announced today it was going into liquidation.

 What we do not know is  whether someone will come and buy part all of the company, and return  employment to the area, or whether those jobs have gone from murdering  ham for good.

 Thank you.

 A specially designed war for  patients affected by flu has been opened in north-west Norfolk.

 It is  that the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King's Lynne.

 It is hoped the  ward will increase the number of beds available, and enable people  to be dealt with more quickly.

 Police are trying to trace a man  who has gone missing with his 21 month old daughter.

 Craig Jackson  was last seen leaving his home in Skegness yesterday morning.

  Officers say there are no concerns for the child's welfare, but they  are keen to reunite her with her mother as soon as possible.

  An argument over who should fix a frozen water pipe has left two  households without running water since before Christmas.

 The  neighbours, from Burton Fleming near Driffield, have been walking  to a nearby farm to collect a bucket of water for the past three  weeks.

 Washing, cooking and drinking all  start with a long walk for the Wills family.

 Keith and his son go  to a neighbouring farm in Burton Fleming to fill buckets before his  wife Sue can even think about putting the kettle on.

 We have  relied on the goodwill of neighbours and friends to go for  Bass, use their washing-machines, and we do not seem to get anywhere  when we try to get some response from Yorkshire Water.

 He it is the  same next door.

 Kate Mercer has also had no water since December  22nd, and had to cancel her Christmas and new year celebrations.

  I have kind of code, but it is has been difficult.

 Everywhere I go, I  take washing.

 I ask for showers.

 Friends and family have been  fantastic.

 I take my toothbrush in my back.

 It is very inconvenient.

  Yorkshire Water says it has offered advice and free drinking water, but  the pipe which runs a long this public road is privately owned.

  Keith Wells says his meter is within his gate here, see cannot  understand how a pipe under a public highway is his  responsibility.

 In a statement, This afternoon but company brought  fresh bottled supplies.

 All these two households want is for their  water to be on tap once again.

 Do not forget if you have a story  that you think we should know about, send us an e-mail.

 Coming up on  Look North: Grimsby fish traders says cod and  haddock stocks are sustainable as celebrity chefs tell us to eat less  of them.

 And how the spirit of Hull could be  wrapped up in its streets and buildings.

  Do not forget, keep your photographs coming in.

 This is  tonight to's picture.

 Another picture tomorrow night at  This text is a win as well, it says that you have not worn your trendy  gear again.

 His wife is waiting in a for your white collar.

  The headline for the next 24 hours is and settled.

 It is going to turn  much milder.

 There will be rain at times but the jet stream is where  it should be and it will drive weather systems in from the South  West.

 You can see the isobars can be followed all the way down to the  mid- Atlantic where sea temperatures are much higher than  the North Sea where the winds have been coming up from four of last  few weeks.

 It will turn much wilder.

 -- milder.

 This is a pressure  system holding off the weather in Ireland but it will come across us  eventually.

 There will be a touch of frost and clearing skies.

 It  will not last long.

 The rain is sweeping in for a wet and windy and  to the night.

 That rain could be heavy.

 The sun will rise in the  morning at 8:12am.

 It will be a wet start to the day with heavy rain  but it will move out of the way.

 There will be further pulses of  rain and drizzle.

 It will be fairly wet at times but there are some  drier periods in between.

 For the first time since early November we  have got double figure temperatures.

 More of the same for the rest of  See you tomorrow.

 It is the nation's favourite takeaway but  scientists are warning that the traditional plate of fish and chips  has changed.

 Jamie Oliver and she were firmly what install a fighting  to save species like cod and haddock to get us to try more  exotic types -- Hugh Fearnley- Whittingstall.

  At Grimsby's fish market this morning, the nation's favourite,  cod and haddock was the main variety on sale.

 If you go to any  fish-and-chip shop, all 9,000 will sell cod and haddock.

 We are all  creatures of habit.

 It is not wrong to try something different but at  the end of the day people will always default back to cod and  haddock.

 On a programme tonight on Channel 4, scientists declare a  state of emergency with cod stocks dangerously low.

 There is a problem  in our seas.

.

.

 A problem created by our unstoppable appetite for fish.

  Some of the country's top celebrity chefs are calling for less cod and  haddock.

 Locally they do not agree.

 I think there should be more cod  and Moore had a on the menu.

 They are the most prolific species.

 Some  of the other species that have been suggested are not in the same  abundance.

 Despite this, some fine dining restaurants like Nocton in  Beverly are trying to encourage people to try something different.

  -- and Cerutti's.

 You have got to give people tasters.

 We do waste  fish grill which is six different fish.

 It is quite a nice idea to  introduce new fish on to that but still give them a few of the old  faithfuls.

 Down at your local chippie, would people still be  prepared to swap their cod for a piece of Pollock or maybe some  sprats? I do not like the taste of some other fishes but you do not  really know until you try them.

 Whatever there is an abundance of,  we should be trying the other different types of fish.

 I have  tried Pollock before but I did not like it.

 It might take some doing  for people to give up their traditional fish supper.

  The MP for Grantham and Stamford, nick Bowles says he will fight to  safeguard main services at Grantham Hospital.

 The United Lincolnshire  Hospitals Trust says jobs may have to go as it tackle the budget  shortfall.

 Campaigners fear that Grantham may be vulnerable for  change are? Will they change the services here or at Lincoln or  Boston but will grant them escape? Plenty of views on this one.

 An  anonymous US says, I retired from And you very much all of the e-  mails and text to have sent.

 His dad was one of the most loved  players of his generation, Lee Crooks starred for Hull FC in the  1980s, helping the club to the League championship and Challenge  Cup.

 Now his 17-year-old son is hoping to follow suit have been  assigned a professional contract with the club that made his father  a folk hero in one half of the city.

 He bears a striking resemblance to  one that has been in these parts before.

 Ben Crooks is the son of  Lee Crooks, nephew of the infamous player.

 He has always had the club  in his blood.

 This was him in the garden with his dad five years ago.

  I have been a big fan.

 Especially with my dad and my uncle.

 The dream  is not there yet but I am very close.

 The club were promoting time  with the NHS to promote better lifestyles.

 They want to get high  on the fit rather than the fat list.

 We are trying to get more people  into Our healthier lifestyle services.

 I feel that working with  the rugby clubs and the football clubs will make a difference.

  new boy has a reason to help -- thank the NHS.

 Eight -- he had a  drug addiction.

 I had to go to a doctor every week and a first come  out of hospital and I was taking medication.

 I got a lot of help.

  The NHS hope that partnerships like this will help people get fed.

  A great family story.

 Good luck to him.

  Police are trying to track down a man thought to be in his fifties  who has been setting off stink bombs in a Lincolnshire town.

  Charity shops and Spalding are being targeted by the man.

 The  bombs have been let off dozens of times over the last six months.

 The  smell is driving customers away.

 would like to say to them to police  think very carefully what he is doing to us.

 If it is a practical  joke and it is very funny, my staff and my customers are losing  business because of it.

 Please think hard before you do it again.

  Charity shops are making money for charity says they do not have the  CCTV systems that other shops do have.

 My officers are visiting the  shops and do what they can.

 We can all be in the 24/7.

 Sooner or later  we will catch the person that is doing this.

 It is a mystery.

 If you  know anything about it, send us an e-mail.

  £15,000 of lottery money is going to be spent trying to work out what  eight whole, Hull.

 The money has been given to a charity to try and  discover the secret of Hullness.

 What does that mean? We have  investigated.

 The Housemartins, one of Hull's  most famous export.

 So too is comedian Maureen Lipman.

 It is the  spirit of Hull more likely to be found in its sporting prowess or  cannot Hullness actually be found in the City's bricks and mortar? It  is the question being posed by a £50,000 lottery-funded project.

  idea is to search for what we are calling it Hullness.

 It is looking  at what is unique about Hull and what makes it Harland's not Leeds  or London or Liverpool.

 We are looking for the unique aspects  which give it its character.

 There is no shortage of architectural  highlights.

 The old and the new.

 The quirky black road signs, the  pubs and the cream telephone boxes.

 The reason I fell in love with my  adopted home is not because of magical little corners like this,  as beautiful as they are, it is because of the people here.

 They  are not a watered-down version of anything and they make no apology  for the city they live in and they loved.

 We have asked other people  what they think of when they think of Hala.

 Fishing boats and that is  about all I know.

 I think of ships.

 I always think of ships.

 A terrible  football team.

 Yeah, she's right.

 University.

 Wind.

 The only thing  that's sons are up for Mears council estates.

 It was a fishing  port.

 It was taken over and it may know nothing about fishing.

 It is a  proud city and fading in places for top of the idea of the project is  to ensure Hullness in future as rich as its past.

  That has got Let's get a recap of the national and regional  headlines: The first sitting MP to be  convicted of fiddling expenses, Eric Illsley could face a jail term.

  He made £14,000 in fraudulent claims.

  More than 50,000 people have signed a petition against a planned  Superdairy near Lincoln.

 It comes as a public consultation closes  over the proposed Nocton dairy.

 The weather will be cloudy with  showers and a longer period of rain.

 Sunny spells and the afternoon.

 Top  10 temperatures will be much milder.

 Response coming in on the subject  of the Super dairy.

 I am still waiting for an expert to  say they would like a super at Derry next door to them.

 If they  are so harmless, but in the at a London where the MPs live.

  Cows should be in fields and not treated like machines.

  The dairy should go ahead, people always demand more for less.

 This  is the case of milk.

 It will mean milk can be produced at a lower  cost.

 If the proposed Milk farming will  bring much-needed jobs to the

 a jail term.

 He made £14,000 in  Welcome to Wales Today, I'm Jamie Owen.

 Our top stories:  Thousands of council workers are told accept a pay cut and tough new  working conditions or front line services and hundreds of jobs will  be axed.

 Also tonight - the teacher sacked  by his school for taking pupils sledging.

 Health and safety gone  mad or protecting children from danger?  Making us a nation of organ donors, but will Wales get the power to  make it law? Thousands of empty houses and  thousands of families looking for a home - the council trying to bring  the two together.

 And scrapped in 1984 after scenes  like this, but football's Home Nations Championship between Wales,  England, Scotland and Northern Good evening.

 Controversial plans  to downgrade the terms and conditions for thousands of staff  at Wales' second biggest council, Rhondda Cynon Taff, are to go ahead.

  Union officials have accused the local authority of bulldozing the  measures through.

 In some cases they say it will mean staff taking  pay cuts of up to 40%.

 The council insists the measures will mean  there'll be no compulsory redundancies.

 Our business  correspondent Nick Servini is here.

 They say they will save over £8  million.

 This process began at the end of October when we reported on  how the process had started on changing the contract.

 It was very  controversial at the time, union officials accused the council of  putting a gun to their heads of the 14,000 people who work for Rhondda  Cynon Taff council.

 Letters have gone from the chief executive to  the staff.

 In it the chief executive warns that he could not  emphasise strongly enough the harsh reality and if there are delays  there will be hundreds of job losses and as a result, cuts in  services.

 It is not basic pay, but things like weekend enhancements,  overtime pay, mileage allowance.

 It will affect people like carers,  anybody who works in a leisure centre over the weekend and union  officials say in terms of take-home pay it can be as much as 40%.

  Unions are fury of its -- furious, but what do they suggest? They have  not been happy with the consultation process, but they look  at voluntary redundancies.

 Face- saver council has not explored that  avenue.

 RCT say over 150 people have taken voluntary redundancy  this year and it has reinforced its position, which is to try to  protect jobs because it says it represents parts of Wales that also  economically deprived, and those communities can't afford major job  losses, and to protect services.

 Thank you.

  A teacher who was sacked after taking pupils sledging against the  instructions of his head teacher has been told he can carry on  teaching.

 Richard Tremelling was teaching at Cefn Hengoed school in  Swansea when the incident happened two years ago.

 Today, the General  Teaching Council reprimanded him, but said he could continue to work  Sacked from his job, but allowed to remain a teacher.

 Richard  Tremelling left the hearing in Cardiff today with this reaction to  the decision to reprimand him.

 quite pleased with the judgment.

 If  you look at the proceedings against me, the majority of their case and  everything we argued was on the grounds of health and safety.

 It  has been vindicated today that my actions have been cleared.

  incident which got him into trouble happened during snowy weather in  February 2009 when he was head of technology at Cefn Hengoed school  in Swansea.

 He brought his own slide into the school to show the  children.

 He told the hearing it was not a £10 this led, but one of  classic Scandinavian design which he felt was appropriate to the  lesson.

 After the lesson ended, he and a group of pupils went to the  slopes behind the school to try it out.

 Mr Tremelling and two boys  took it in turns to slide down the slope.

 After the event he was  disciplined and subsequently sacked.

 Pupils and staff had been warned by  the headteacher not to go on the snowy banks behind the school, but  one senior AM says sacking Mr Tremelling was an over-reaction.

  think it is madness that a teacher would be sacked for taking children  on a sledge.

 I know teachers have to do risk assessments, but this is  taking it away beyond any proportional response and whilst a  teacher could well be told off for putting children at risk, let's  face it, sledging is a very basic pastime when it snows and  explaining how a sledge works in this way, I can't see why a teacher  would be fired for this.

 He was found guilty of four charges which  amounted to unexpected -- unacceptable professional conduct.

  He had not had permission to go sledging, he had gone against the  head teacher's instructions to stay away from the snow cover banks and  he had ignored warnings from colleagues not to do this.

 He also  denied going sledging when questioned.

 In a statement, Cefn  Hengoed school said.

.

.

 "Mr Tremelling has received a reprimand  that will stay on his record for two years and the school would now  like to draw a line under this long-standing matter.

 The decision  to dismiss Mr Tremelling was the right one given the circumstances  and his disciplinary record.

" The hearing was told he had previously  been the subject of a separate internal disciplinary sanction, but  no other details were given.

 Mr Tremelling says he'd love to return  to teaching, but wouldn't say whether he'll be appealing against  today's decision or asking for his Colin Adkins is Mr Tremelling's  trade union adviser from the teaching union NASUWT.

  Mr Tremelling was told by his boss not to do something and then  blatantly ignored that advice.

 we think that was unwise of Mr  Tremelling, but we should go to the heart of the issue of why he was  dismissed.

 The four Health and Safety allegations which formed the  basis of his dismissals a -- dismissal were tested at this  hearing and all four were not upheld by the hearing.

 He received  a reprimand on other matters which did not relate to the health and  safety concerns of the school.

 Whatever the deeper detail of this  case, the signal it sends out is that pupils should be wrapped up in  cotton wool and perhaps denied arguably inspiring teaching because  of health and safety.

 Well, I don't really agree with that.

 Our union  is not cavalier about health and safety measures.

 Many health and  safety measures which have been introduced into schools have been  as a result of campaigning by the union.

 However, we have to examine  the fact that Mr Tremelling took the right steps before engaging in  the activity.

 There was an independent investigation report  which was produced by the independent investigation service  which has commissioned by the Welsh Assembly Government into these  events on that day and the independent investigation found  that the children involved in this activity were not at any risk of  significant harm.

 Thank you.

 An attempt by the Assembly  government to increase the supply of donated organs in Wales might  not be legal.

 BBC Wales has learned that last minute objections could  prevent the Assembly introducing an opt-out system for donating organs,  instead of the present situation where consent is needed.

 Our Welsh  affairs editor Vaughan Roderick joins us from the Senedd.

 What  exactly are the Assembly government trying to do? The problem they are  trying to tackle is that there is a shortage of organs.

 People are  waiting for donor organs, that is very distressing and debilitating  for them and their families and very expensive for the health  service.

 What the Assembly Government wanted to do well switch  to a system whereby people would have to opt out if they objected to  donating their organs.

 That would not mean doctors could take what  they wanted, there would still be consultation with the next of kin,  but it would move things forward.

 But to do that, the Assembly  Government needs one of those dreaded transfers of power from  Westminster to Cardiff to make the law and that is where the problem  has arisen.

 It looks as though that might not be allowed.

 Yes, the  understanding years there yesterday, although this has been under  discussion since July, yesterday the Assembly Government was told  there could be a legal problem because this is not just about  health, it is also about things like individual liberties.

 There  are people in the Bay hoofing those objections should have been raised  much earlier and whose suspect that what actually happened is that  there are ministers in the UK government who are unhappy with the  idea and they are searching around for legal objections to prevent it  from happening.

 What is likely to happen next? There was due to be a  statement from the health Minister today about this issue, but that  has been put off until tomorrow, when she is likely to put forward  the path ahead.

 With elections on the horizon in May, one does wonder  whether this plan will just peter out.

  Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a 26-  year-old homeless man.

 David Williams' body was found in Swansea  city centre on Friday morning.

 Darren Rigdon and Christopher Hart,  both of no fixed abode, were remanded in custody.

 A third man,  Christopher Hughes, also of no fixed abode, was charged with  assisting an offender.

 A hospital in Swansea hit by an  outbreak of the winter vomiting bug has reopened most of its wards to  visitors.

 People had been asked to stay away from Morriston Hospital  as it tried to contain the norovirus.

 The hospital has now  reopened 32 wards - seven are still closed to visitors.

  How did your council deal with snow before Christmas - that's what the  Local Government Minister wants to know.

 Carl Sargeant has asked his  officials to review the response of each council in Wales, saying it  was important that lessons should be learned.

 Some local authorities  were criticised for their response to freezing temperatures, with many  roads and pavements left slippery and impassable.

 Whilst decisions on  gritting are matters for individual authorities, some authorities  responded better than others in terms of keeping many roads open  for cars and pedestrians.

 I have asked my officials to conduct a  review of the response of each local authorities are lessons can  be learned across Wales.

 Two swimming pools and a leisure  centre threatened with closure on Anglesey look set to be reprieved.

  18 months ago, the council there said the cuts were necessary to  save money.

 Today, the authority's leaders agreed alternative savings,  but warned that in the long term it may have to revisit the closure  Flashback to the summer of 2009 and protests greeted Anglesey Council's  announcements that two swimming pools were to close.

 Public  meetings were held as campaigns to halt the plans got into full swing.

  Within months, the council said it would think again.

 Anglesey council  has come up with a package of cuts which it hopes will be acceptable  to the people of the island.

 It has tried to protect frontline services,  but it comes with a warning that you can't make significant savings  without paying somewhere.

 The council needs to save £10 million  council needs to save £10 million over three years.

 £300,000 of that  from the leisure services budget.

 from the leisure services budget.

  It is thought the closures will now be staff cuts, and a cut in opening  hours at the polls and leisure centre.

 We are hoping that what the  package of measures that had been discussed today which will go out  to public consultation will be something that will suit everybody.

  Yes, we have done our utmost not to cut frontline services, but we are  taking the big hits behind the scenes.

 So now the council has to  sell the new package in a public consultation.

 The indications are  that will not be too difficult.

 suggestion now seems to be reduced  hours as a way of saving money, would you live with that? Yes, if  that is the case, it is important for the community to use the  facilities we have got.

 If it is a shorter time, let's fill it up  while it is open.

 A reprieve, but for how long? With today's  announcement comes a warning that Much more to come before 7pm:  Scrapped in 1984 after scenes like this, but football's Home Nations  competition between Wales, England, Scotland and Ireland looks set for  One of these will come in handy over the next few days.

 I will have  a full forecast for you later in The BBC's Director General has said  it wasn't the corporation's idea to fund S4C from 2013 onwards, but  that it had freely agreed to the plan.

 In evidence to MPs today, Mr  Thompson admitted there would be intense scrutiny and debate over  the funding S4C will receive from the licence fee.

  It was a turbulent end to 2010 for S4C following a series of high  profile departures and a new funding arrangement which comes  into force from 2013 onwards.

 That's when the BBC will start  funding the vast majority of S4C out of the licence fee.

 Today, in  evidence to MPs, the BBC's Director General denied that he was forced  into such a deal by the Secretary of State for Culture Media and  Sport.

 The agreement that has been reached is one which was freely  agreed to by the BBC.

 The agreement was just that, an agreement.

  Wales and S4C already have a close working relationship.

 Details of  the programmes supplied by BBC Wales to S4C over the next two  years have been released.

 The BBC has an obligation to provide at  least 10 hours a week of programming to the Welsh-language  broadcaster every year.

 For the first time, all BBC-made S4C  programmes will be available on the BBC iPlayer.

 And the popular soap  Pobol y Cwm will move into high definition once production switches  to the BBC's new studios, currently under construction in Cardiff Bay.

  But dotting the Is and crossing the Ts on the new working relationship  between the broadcasters' formula won't be easy.

 There is a tension  between retaining some sort of accountability for the licence fee,  which is at the heart of the BBC's concerns, and then finding an  editorial independence and commissioning independence for S4C.

  Concerns about the future independence of S4C has led some  prominent Welsh language campaigners to refuse to pay their  TV licence.

 The channel's interim chief executive is adamant that  independence will not be compromised.

 It is a very important  to 30 different sources of information, different sources of  news, at different sources of programme-making, and that is why  we want to make sure that S4C, after 2013, has it that  independence both editorially and operationally.

 There will be  further talks between the broadcasters next week to discuss  the new way of working.

 The BBC could pull out but that would mean  losing over £70 million from the licence fee.

  Police have named the teenage boy killed on the railway near  Abercynon yesterday as Jack Stephens.

 The 16-year-old, who  lived locally, was struck by the Cardiff to Aberdare train yesterday  morning.

 His death is not being treated as suspicious.

  A student festival billed as the biggest in the UK is returning to  Pembrey Country Park in Carmarthenshire this summer.

 Beach  Break Live will be held over a weekend for the first time, from  the 16th to the 20th of June.

 Around 20,000 students are expected  to attend.

 Concerns had been raised about potential trouble at last  year's event, but those who supported it say the benefits far  outweighed any negatives.

 The boost it gives the local  companies, absurdly last year I can think of a local food wholesaler  who had the monopoly to supply the site.

 You have local coach  companies and tend companies and other companies who benefited.

  Empty private houses could be used to help reduce homelessness.

 That's  the plan being considered by Conwy Council.

 It's the latest authority  to look at making empty properties available to those who need a home.

  Shelter Cymru estimates 21,000 private homes are empty across  Wales.

 And 91,000 households are on a waiting list for council and  social housing.

 Boarded up and empty.

 This house in  Colwyn Bay is one of around 900 in Conwy that's been unoccupied for  the last six months.

 Now, the council is exploring powers to  offer them to those with housing needs.

 That could mean compulsory  purchase orders or refurbishing empty houses to be rented out.

  There is some a funding towards buying property, which is very  limited.

 The main role is working with existing landlords of empty  properties to bring those forward in a way they are comfortable and a  way that safeguards the needs of the homeless.

 Gruggwyn Davies spent  almost six months living rough in North Wales.

 He now has a home and  works with a charitable trust in Denbigh.

 He says he was forced to  live outside even though he saw many empty properties.

 I did want  to go and live in certain places and I knew if there were empty  houses and it did make me angry at the time.

 I knew it had been empty  for months and months.

 But the powers are not without controversy.

  The UK Government says compulsory purchases are draconian.

 It wants  councils in England to wait two years before seizing properties.

  Housing charities in Wales disagree.

 I think it makes it easier to enter  into negotiations with owners to bring those properties back into  use.

 Often, when they are advised, they are more than happy to get  them back into use.

 With councils like Newport also targeting empty  dwellings, the hope is there will be fewer boarded up properties and  more lived-in homes across Wales in future.

  Tonight's sport now and some breaking football news.

 In the next  few minutes, we understand that Newport County manager Dean  Holdsworth will announce that he's leaving South Wales to take over at  League Two side Aldershot.

 Our sports reporter Ashleigh Crowter is  here.

 What can you tell us? We understand Dean Holdsworth will  announce he is leaving South Wales to take over at Aldershot.

 We are  expecting an announcement at around 7pm.

 They sacked their manager  yesterday.

 He has done a brilliant job at Newport County.

 It is a  massive blow after he took them into the conference with a record-  breaking season last year.

 And this campaign has started brilliantly as  well.

 They are 4th and well-placed for a bid to get promoted back to  the Football League.

 Newport County are in action at Tamworth tonight.

  There will be more reaction on BBC Radio Wales this evening from  7:30pm.

 There are moves tonight to organise  a tournament between Wales, England, Scotland and Northern Ireland for  the first time in more than 25 years.

 The English FA want to set  up a one-off competition in two years' time as part of their 150th  anniversary celebrations.

 But the plans fall short of bringing back  an annual Home Nations tournament.

 Games against England are always  eagerly anticipated but 30 years ago they happen every year as part  of the home nations' Championship.

 Regular matches against the Auld  enemy press Scotland and Northern Ireland formed the core of Wales's  international fixture list until 1984 when England and Scotland  decided the tournament was no longer a priority.

 The competition  was also tarnished by crowd trouble.

 The dismantling of Wembley by  Scotland fans at the milder end of the scale.

 But football has changed  a lot since them.

 The four countries have faced each other  during qualifying campaigns without any problems.

 That has prompted the  Football Association's to create a tournament with the Republic of  Ireland, called the Nations Cup, which begins next month.

 But today  came the first indication that the English FA would be prepared to  revive the old competition, but only for one year to mark their 150  of anniversary in 2013.

 It is also supported by Vauxhall's who  announced a sponsorship deal to support all four nations.

 We all  remember how could those games were.

 It could work really well.

 We are  talking to the home nations.

 Ironically, Wales will play all the  other home nations this year.

 The Football Association of Wales wants  to see the tournament revived on an annual basis but tonight, that  seems unlikely.

 One of the goal-scorers we saw  there was Wales legend Mickey Thomas, and I'm glad to say we can  speak to him now.

 What do you think of the idea of reviving the home  nations' tournament? I think it is fantastic.

 They have said one  season only but I would like to see it every season.

 As a former player,  I enjoyed it immensely.

 It is great for a player and great for the fans.

  I think there is a negativity about it now, with the top players, with  the crowds coming back as well, with the short rest during the  season for the players, I think managers will be reluctant to let  them play.

 England say the tour and will not be coming back permanently.

  Do you think this tournament matters more to Wales? Of course it  does.

 It means more as a Welshman and a Scotsman and an Irishman.

  England and not really bothered about that.

 They have got other  goals.

 That is disappointing.

 If they do not take part in it, it is  not a home international game for me.

 And what about the news about  deals worth? How big a blow with that before Newport County? That is  a massive shock.

 If he was going to a bigger club, I can understand  that.

 But are Aldershot bigger than you put? Now they will have to go  on for the rest of the season without a top manager.

 I thought  that was a tot marriage.

 It is a long way to go in this season.

 They  have got a great chance of going up.

 But they have got to get somebody  installed very quickly.

 Thank you very much.

  Time now for the weather forecast.

 I understand the weather is not  looking too good over the next few You can say that again.

 Today was  by far the best day of the week as far as dry weather goes.

 It is  going to turn milder but very wet at times.

 A risk of some flooding.

  The rain will be heaviest on the high ground in the south and west  and in Snowdonia.

 1.

5 centimetres is possible.

 The reason for the wet  weather is the position of the Jetstream which is going to change  direction over the next few days, ending up on top of Britain.

 This  evening, it may be dry way you live, but rain already into Pembrokeshire  will spill across the rest of the country overnight.

 The rain turning  quite heavy.

 The wins picking up as well.

 Lowest temperatures around  three degrees Celsius.

 Tomorrow morning, a pretty wet start for  most of the country.

 Some heavy rain and poor visibility.

 Quite  breezy as well on the coast with temperatures well above freezing.

  During the day, the rain may ease off into the north-east for a time  but otherwise it is looking pretty wet.

 The rain heaviest in the south  and west.

 Lots of mist and hill fog.

 Temperatures will end up higher  than today.

 The south-westerly wind, quite fresh along the Bristol  Channel.

 Last year was drier than In Carmarthenshire tomorrow, it is  going to be anything but dry.

 Tomorrow night and into Thursday,  more rain.

 And on Friday, the rain should clear into showers in the  afternoon.

 Saturday will be mild but wet and windy.

 Most of us are  in for a good soaking over the next few days.

 Hopefully you will not  Tonight's headlines from the BBC: The Barnsley MP, Eric Illsley, has  become the first sitting MP to be convicted for fiddling his expenses.

  He pleaded guilty to three counts of fraud.

 Mr Illsley made £14,000  in false claims relating to his second home.

  The GMB Union has accused Rhondda Cynon Taff Council of bulldozing  through its policies after staff received an e-mail urging them to  accept new terms and conditions.



 pumps to help with the reactors.

  Now it is time for Click.

 If you could store any book you've  ever wanted on this, then what on This week on Click: Lending  libraries and e-books - can they be the best of friends or are digital  books another nail in the coffin? We look at how technology is  transforming the music industry.

 Although the pirates may be at home  on the high seas, they may not cope so well with streams.

 If you are  planning to get away from it all, we have a million mates who might  be able to help in Webscape.

 All that, plus the biggest Tech News  from around the world.

 Welcome to Click.

 We are at the British  Library in London.

 This is one of the largest research libraries  anywhere in the world.

 The building, as you can see, is relatively new  but what is inside dates back to the very beginning of the printed  word.

 The British Library is home to some of the most important texts  in history - from King George III's enormous personal book collection  to smaller treasures like the earliest bibles and notes from the  greatest creative minds in history.

 It's a copyright library, which  means that as well as the rare texts, it also receives a copy of  every publication that is printed in UK and Ireland.

 The statistics  are suitably impressive - over 14 million books, 150 million items in  total, 625 kilometres of shelving and that grows by 12 kilometres  every year, and it is all housed safely in the vaults four storeys  underground.

 This is where hundreds of thousands of people come every  year to look at any book they want and listen to any recording as long  as the do it using headphones.

 And this is where they come to do it.

  But the British Library is now looking ahead to the future.

 This  exhibition, called Growing Knowledge, is encouraging people to  test out different ideas to help decide which technologies will be  most useful for researchers over the coming decades.

 Nora Daly is  the Digital Curator of the exhibition.

 Nora, thanks for having  us at your place.

 Thanks for coming.

 What are you hoping to achieve from  this space here? Well, we are engaging our researchers who want  to know what the future of research would be.

 We are testing out  different environments, different screen set ups just to get a gage  from the public of what they think our role will be in the 21st  century.

 So are you basically scanning everything in the British  Library and making it available online? I am guessing it is a bit  more than that.

 It is.

 I mean, we would really like to do that.

 That  would be our goal.

 Access is the number one priority for the British  Library.

 And how likely is it that all the text will be scanned and be  available online? Well, we are making headway.

 We have 65,000  books that we have already scanned through Amazon and Microsoft  partnerships and these are available right now on Amazon Print  on Demand, but the future for us is mobile, so we someday want them to  be on Kindle and the iPad.

 65,000 books down but there are 14 million  books here, so that doesn't sound if you are going to be finished  anytime soon.

 No.

 We would hope to get other  collaborative partnerships with both private and with other  institutions.

 I guess it is not just about scanning.

 I have seen  those optical character readers that have got a word completely  wrong.

 So how are you going to check that and correct those  mistakes if it is tens of hundreds or thousands of books? Well, we are  hoping to get apps for crowd sourcing and using the Internet to  leverage everyone in their homes who may want to contribute one  little tiny task.

 And spread amongst millions of people, we can  get this done very quickly.

 Now of course most libraries in the  world are not as well stocked as this one.

 And they are not  reference libraries, they are lending libraries.

 But in a world  where everything is digital, will they have anything left to lend?  Entertainment is going digital - music succumbed first and fastest.

  Movies are now rippable and downloadable to watch anytime,  anywhere.

 And after much resistance, the stubborn paper book is finally  beginning to give itself over to the digital revolution.

 Last year,  5% of the books bought in the US and UK were digital ones - a  combination of audio books and e- books.

 Now that's obviously small,  but it is growing.

 Now libraries are beginning to offer so called e-  lending - something which started in the US and has made its way  across the Atlantic.

 Around one- quarter of British Libraries now  offer digital book loans.

 We have noticed that with e-books we are  getting a new kind of customer in.

 People who felt that they were too  busy to use the library before, people who commuted into London  every day who were too busy to come in the evening or too tired, And I  have at least two blind customers who are downloading their own audio  books now and they say that has given them freedom so that they can  actually make their own choice without having to come into the  library with a guide.

 Overdrive is the digital book distributor  preferred by most public libraries.

 You can log onto your library  through a web browser or using the smartphone app and then browse an  online collection of books.

 When you see something you like, just  click to download it.

 E-lending means your library is open 24/7, no  money is spent on staff to issue books or return them to shelves,  there are no damaged or lost copies and there are no late returns.

 But  surely there is a bit of a logic problem with libraries loaning e-  books.

 After all, if you want an e- book, you don't physically have to  go anywhere to get it and you're also not limited by how much stock  there is - there is always an infinite number of copies of any  text that you want to download.

 And that sounds much more convenient  than having to pop down to your library only to find that the one  copy of the book they have is already out.

 The first point  doesn't help the argument of those hoping to keep libraries open in  this time of government spending cuts.

 If libraries did all their  lending over the web, well, you wouldn't need a physical library at  all.

 And the second point about limitless copies for loan could  mean that no-one would ever need to actually buy a book at all.

 And  that has understandably worried the book publishers.

 This relationship  between publishing and libraries is historic, over 100 years old, and  we want it to continue into the e- book future.

 But we have to ensure  that we replicate as closely as we can the success of the physical  lending model, which is that there is one book, one user at a time.

  That way, you are ensured that the lending model doesn't start to  impact upon the retail model.

 Overdrive attempts to allay those  concerns.

 A local library chooses how many digital copies to purchase  and that limits the number of users who can borrow the e-book at a time.

  When the loan period is up, the book will expire automatically and  will return itself to the e-library for other patrons to enjoy.

 Some  libraries use another system, Public Library Online.

 Here, all  reading is done through a web- browser and no book is downloaded.

  You don't need to worry about the availability of a title, either.

  All books can be accessed by many users at one time.

 But the downside  is that if your Internet connection disappears, so does your book.

 Also,  reading books on a web browser is not easy on the eyes and most e-  readers don't come with a browser.

 This is essentially an attempt to  tempt the reader into buying the physical book.

 But the Publishing  Association goes one step further still, suggesting that library  customers should have to physically visit the library to download an e-  book.

 There need be no difference between doing that in the physical  world where you walk out with a physical book under your arm or in  the digital world where you walk out with an e-reader under your arm,  which has got an e-book you have just downloaded.

 So to my mind, if  we can at least get that duplication right, that is the  first step.

 But even then, not all are convinced.

 At the start of the  year, one of the biggest publishers in the world, Macmillan Publishing  US, declared it had no interest in being on libraries' virtual shelves.

  Some libraries are sticking to physical books, but with a digital  twist.

 Members of the New York Public Library can reserve a book  through its website or alternatively click through to buy  it from an online retailer and the library gets a cut.

 Of course, this  doesn't help the smaller libraries to remain open in times of huge  budget cuts.

 And if more libraries do end up closing, this could be  the way we borrow physical books in the future.

 After members of the  Hugo Library in the American state of Minnesota have reserved their  books online or at this kiosk, they pick them up from a locker which is  opened using their library card number.

 No need for an actual  library at all.

 I am still with Nora Daly, who is  the Digital Curator of the Growing Knowledge exhibition at the British  Library, Nora surely e-books are just another nail in the coffin of  the local lending libraries? There is a lot of talk in the UK about  local libraries being shut due to budget cuts.

 Yeah.

 I know people  really like that.

 They like the dichotomy that it's either the e-  book or it is the traditional formats, but if you look in my  purse, I still have a book.

 And it's an actual one! So until the  actual paper book dies, the libraries will still exist? Yeah,  and it's not even about just the paper books.

 I think libraries are  in a good position either way.

 If someday everything is free then  people might argue that you don't need libraries, but you do.

 You  need someone to put context around that information, make those  connections, build a community, look after the community, provide  computer courses, provide access to that information.

 OK, Nora, thank  you for your information.

 We would love your thoughts on this as well.

  Do you think libraries have a place? Can they survive in a  digital world? Email click@bbc.

co.

uk or tweet us.

 Next  up is Tech News.

 Google has used a kill switch to  clean up phones hit by rogue Android apps contaminated by  malware.

 They were disguised as copies of reputable apps and could  make phone calls without users knowing about them.

 The malware may  have been downloaded up to 200,000 times.

 Google took the decision to  remotely exterminate the malicious software.

 Warner Brothers is making  some of its films available via Facebook.

 The social network's  users will be able to use Facebook credits to pay to stream the movies.

  Up to now, Facebook credits were mainly used in social games on the  site.

 It is already available for use in America and if successful,  it will roll out to the rest of the world.

 They may look attractive and  even regal, but let's face it, paper stamps are so yesterday.

 That  is the view of the Swedish Post Office - they are set to ditch them  in favour of an SMS-based system.

 The user will send a text message  in return for a code that they will write on packages of up to two  kilograms.

 Denmark is trailing a similar  system.

 We keep hearing that piracy and the Internet are killing music.

  But are they really? Or are these just the squeals from an industry  struggling to keep up with a changing digital landscape? After  all, social networks are a great way of pushing songs or singers all  the way to international stardom.

 And yet, it seems that technology  is not the big, bad evil that it sometimes appears to be.

  Meet the Yes Cadets - an exciting new band from Northern Ireland.

  They are hoping to make it big or at least earn more than just a  crust from their music.

 I would say that we are breaking even.

 We all  still have day jobs and that pays the rent.

 At the level we are at,  which is reasonably low, we are not losing any money.

 If the Yes Cadets  were to make it big, they're not even sure big really exists anymore.

  Revenues have been hit by illegal file-sharing.

 But the industry  meeting at Midem in Cannes is We are suffering the same as  everyone else is from piracy.

 the moment, at the level we're at,  I don't have a problem with piracy.

 If someone wants to rip-off our  albums, you know what? We're giving them away for free at the show, so  it's cool.

 A lot of the messaging from the record companies has been  piracy, piracy, piracy, piracy, piracy, piracy, piracy and then  some more piracy, right.

 It's got to be in this thing is like we are  making great products.

 We love you guys.

 We want to see music on  Facebook.

 We are part of this new gang, and we want to make great  music that you guys want to consume.

 Vince Bannon works for Getty Images  - nothing to do with music - but maybe it takes someone from the  photographic industry to see where music might be going.

  We tend to think of music as, records, CDs and downloads - stuff  you can own, stuff you can pirate.

 But that could all be changing.

  With ubiquitous broadband and the explosion of cloud-based streaming  services such as Spotify, music is becoming more like a digital  photograph, something you can't really own, but the use of which  can be licensed.

 For a flat monthly fee subscribers  can now get all the music they can eat.

 Now, when you are streaming  for cents or pence, piracy is less of an issue, but it will also  impact how artists earn, because they can no longer rely on record  sales alone as their main source of income.

  Live is the biggest form of income.

 I think it's well known that bands  used to, you know, we used to tour to promote an album.

 We now put an  album out to promote a tour.

 But this isn't bad news for  everyone.

 Playing live actually suites some artists better.

 Singers  like Wayne Beckford are never happier than when they are up on  the stage.

 That's better for me.

 It is  actually better for me and a lot of musicians I know because that's  what we are supposed to be doing.

 I think personally that the Internet  is supposed to be like a radio to advertise where you going to be,  when you are going to play, what time, la de da.

 What people need to  do is to say, "If you think my CD Creating a buzz about live  performances is what Backstage Mobile is all about.

  Fans can follow remotely what is going on from smoke-filled hotel  room to dressing room to the screaming cacophony.

 Another Level  is Sound Cloud a kind of Flickr for audio, in which musicians can even  involve fans and fellow artists in on the creative process.

  It might be that they are not selling CDs but there are other  things.

 There is the merchandising, the live touring, and I think for  the industry they can really maximise those opportunities just  by using these technologies to have a direct relationship with the fans.

  SoundCloud is not so much a distribution hub for music but you  can certainly let your friends and fans and fellow musician know what  you are up to, but its annotated waveforms means it can be a vehicle  for artistic collaboration even allowing artists to crowd-source  audio for particular projects.

 As soon as you have got this audio,  whatever it might be, whether it is citizen journalism or a finely  crafted track that has been mastered in a studio, you can then  put that out or share that privately with your colleagues, or  publish it onto the web.

 From SoundCloud you can then take  that audio and put it in front of your own audience whether that's on  Facebook, Twitter or your SoundCloud page.

  The record industry has administered over a form of  bottleneck where only a very few very lucky artists made it big.

 Now  the Internet could be changing all that, moving beyond the debate of  file sharing and piracy.

 The Internet could allow many more  artists through.

 Their expectations over earnings are going to be a lot  less.

 They are not going to be able to afford a yacht like this but  they could at least earn a living doing something they love, making  music.

 This could all lead to a more vibrant and diverse music  culture but only if the music industry can earn enough to sustain  these pop wannabees in work.

 After the upheaval of the last few  years that's a lot to ask, even if this new generation of artists are  not setting their sights unrealistically high.

  For my whole working life I have worked in coffee shops on a minimum  wage and if I could make the same amount of money doing music as I  did working in a coffee shop on minimum wage, for a while I'd be  happy, certainly for the next five If you are in a band and you're  using the Internet to raise your profile, get in touch with us and  tell us what works for you and what does not, and whether it is still  all about who has the biggest marketing budget.

  For half the planet, we are finally coming out of the throes of winter  and finally thinking about what to do and where to go in the warmer  months ahead.

 If you are stuck for ideas, we have an app that could  Everyone needs a travel buddy and at travbuddy.

com, you will find  more than 1.

6 million of them.

 This is a travel based social  networking site where members can share experiences, tips and reviews  and even find other people to meet up with along the way.

  There are loads of features to explore including reviews of hotels,  restaurants and other attractions so you can get the most out of your  trip.

 Members share their experiences  through a blogging platform and like all good social sites, it is  all about building up your network of friends so you can recommend  those far away gems that you have discovered.

  You can record where you have been using the map feature and let  people know where you are planning to go next.

  It is worth taking a look at the forums, as the community appears to  be fairly active in posting travel alerts and packing tips.

 And there  are unofficial meet ups, which sound like fun, but make sure you  stay safe by sticking to well populated places and never going  populated places and never going Now for the latest   alone.

  We all like a good bargain, right?  But I also like to know that I am buying something that is good for  me and good for the planet I live Enter barcoo, a smartphone app for  smart and ethical shoppers.

 Scan the barcode of something you  are thinking of buying and the app will search the web for any  relevant information.

 This information could include reviews  or feedback from other shoppers.

 You can even get the sustainability  footprint of the manufacturer so that smart shoppers can make an  Add the price comparison and open map feature so you can see if there  is a better deal down the road as well as the social aspect of then  recommending your purchase to your network, and you have a fully  rounded shopping experience the princely sum of £0.

  If you are a music, film and technology buff, there is one place  to be next week and that is Austin, Texas, for the South by South West  Festival.

 We will bring you full coverage of  the event in next week's programme.

 But if like me, you have been left  at home again, justin.

tv have teamed up with a few partners to  offer six channels of streaming content throughout the festival  week, including live performances, discussions, interviews and even  live parties on board a wine bus driving around town.

  Check out their blog for a full schedule of the programming.

  Being such a hip, high tech festival, I am sure there will be  plenty of iPhone users taking snaps with Instragram, a great free app  that helps you create cool, artistic and retro looking images  and then share them with a world.

 So why not do a geosearch for  Austin, Texas, using hipstervision.

org?  It is a searchable aggregator launched last week, that displays  geo-tagged images that are uploaded I am willing to bet a plane ticket  to Texas then you'll see some pretty artistic staff going up next  And those links are available on You can also find a link to the  video stream of this programme up there and a link to our sister  This week, the team reports on the

 Welcome to Look North.

 The main  news from around Yorkshire today.

.

 Guilty.

 Barnsley MP Eric Illsley  admits fiddling his expenses.

 I taxi driver fights for his life  after being stabbed by a customer in Leeds.

 Police appeal for someone  who called them by phone to contact them again.

 Also on tonight:  Sequins and sequences.

 Strictly Come Dancing -- The Live Show  arrives in Sheffield.

 We will meet its two stars from the series.

  picture should be in double figures.

 All the latest in 20 minutes.

  Good evening.

 The Barnsley MP Eric Illsley has today pleaded guilty to  dishonestly claiming more than £14,000 expenses.

 He becomes the  first sitting MP to be convicted of expenses fraud.

 His claims relate  to his second home in London over a three-year period.

  In a moment we will be going to fill modeller.

 First let's go to  Tom Ingall who has been in court in London this morning.

  This is an anonymous address in south-east London.

 But it was the  second home to Eric Illsley, the MP for Barnsley Central.

 Today in  court he confessed that while he was living here for three years, he  falsely claimed 14 and have £1,000 worth of expenses.

 -- £14,500.

 Eric  Illsley has been an MP since 1987.

 But today his business in the  capital was not at the House of Commons, but instead here at  Southwark Crown Court.

 There was barely a seat to spare inside  decorum.

 He sat quietly in the dock will wake speaking to confirm his  name.

 By doing so, he admitted to falsely claiming £14,500.

 It has  all to do with this home.

 In May 2005 he claimed council tax,  service charges and the repairs.

 duly did care that Eric Illsley is  elected MP for Barnsley Central.

 worked for the NUM, becoming its  head of administration before book -- beginning his Parliamentary  career.

 But less than three weeks after this victory, the CPS had  charged him with false accounting.

 After this morning's hearing, the  CPS said this was a significant sum of money.

 And the grossly inflated  sums could not be attributed to an oversight.

  Eric Illsley resolutely refuse to answer questions under the scrutiny  of the waiting media.

 The judge has adjourned the case.

 And the  independent MP knows he know -- what he has to return here to find  out what his sentence will be.

 The judge in this case also dealt  with the David Chaytor case who was the former MP, jailed for 18 months  on Friday for his fiddling of expenses.

 Eric Illsley will be  considering his future tonight.

 No sign of activity at his former  second gong.

 What has the reaction been in his  home town of Barnsley? Phil Bodmer has spent the day there.

  This is the constituency home of Eric Illsley.

 There has been no one  here today.

 We knocked on the door this morning but there was no  answer.

 Some local people who live here have told us they have not  seen Eric Illsley for some weeks.

 Some say they rarely see him at all.

  He stays at his London home many claim.

 They feel a sense of  betrayal, of being let down of someone who they trusted and looked  up to.

 Barnsley Central has always been a  Labour stronghold.

 Created by boundary changes in 1983 and at the  heart of the once-mighty cough with Yorkshire coalfield, is mining  roots go back generations.

 Eric Illsley, I local lad and proud of  his Barnsley Heritage, received 47% of the vote as he stood as an  independent candidate at the last election.

 Today, on the streets of  the town, there was little sympathy for his predicament.

 I would expect  Sunday in that position to abide by-laws.

 I am definitely let down  by that.

 He is meant to be left wing.

 He has let his family down as  well.

 It is appalling.

 Ed Miliband urged him to step down.

 Eric  Pilsley -- Eric Illsley has been found guilty of a very serious  charge.

 He is no longer a Labour Member of Parliament.

 He should do  the right thing and resign as a Member of Parliament.

 I do not  think he can be a credible voice for his constituents having pleaded  guilty to such a serious offence.

 Married with two grown-up daughters  there is no doubt Eric Illsley was a popular constituency MP.

 Although  most agree today he should stand down.

 You can a gold taking things  that us -- that are not yours and your job.

 Do you think you should  go? Definitely.

 Tonight Eric Illsley's future  appears uncertain as he becomes the first sitting MP to plead guilty to  expenses fraud.

 This evening, the Prime Minister  has entered the debate as whether to -- as whether he should continue  as an MP.

 His view is that it would be difficult where someone who is  defrauded the people he is there to represent.

 This is an untenable  position.

 How long before Eric Illsley returns to his home here is  anybody's guess.

 Whether he will continue to stand as an MP, that is  another matter of course.

 That is reaction from Barnsley.

 How  has been used been received by other local MPs.

 John Mann is the  Labour MP for Bassettlaw.

 He joins us from Westminster.

 You have  spoken about this being a bad day for Parliament.

 Surely it is a bad  day for a Yorkshire and Barnsley? It is a bad day for Yorkshire and a  bad day for Politics overall.

 I hope that Eric Illsley does the  right thing and stands down.

 So people of Barnsley can elect  another MP to represent them as soon as possible.

 What would you  urge him to do? Be gardeners of what the sentence is and whether he  has to stand a by-law, which would require 12 months are more in  prison, regardless of that, the right thing for Eric Illsley to do  is to stand down.

 And to let the people of Barnsley Central have a  fresh start with a new MP.

 I think she should do that straightaway.

  you think you will do that? I would be surprised if he does not.

 He has  moved quickly.

 He has pleaded guilty straight away.

 He has  accepted his responsibility and doing wrong.

 I think that was the  appropriate thing for him to do.

 I think it will be appropriate as  well for him to a immediately say, there is no way that I can stay on  and I will stand down as the MP and let someone else have a goal as MP  for Barnsley Central.

 This will do nothing to restore her the  confidence in MPs for the public.

 We do not know whether people will  be pleading guilty or be prosecuted.

 What we do know is that as more  cases go to court, we know there are more cases with the police that  could end up in court, so this is going to run to the summer.

 What we  need to be doing in Parliament is getting rid of any remnants of the  rotten system that was there before.

 That is my fear.

 That there is MPs  whining about the new expenses system.

 My message to them is, shut  up and accept the new independent system.

 We got ourselves in this  problem as politicians, let's not dig deeper.

 Let's have an  independent system and get on with the job we should be doing which is  to Cropper represent our constituents.

 Thank you very much.

  It is complicated.

 We had to look at the small print.

 What is the  implication of Eric Illsley is not given a custodial sentence of more  than 12 months.

 I had to look this up.

 I am not just a political  editor to her.

 I have a law degree as well.

 If he has a sentence of  less than 12 months, he can continue.

 There have been cases of  MPs going to prison for protests and they have continued as MPs.

 The  last time a sitting MP cop a sentence of more than 12 months, it  was three months before I was born.

 If it is more than one year, then  automatically an MP is disqualified.

 If it is less than 12 months, it is  up to the MP.

 He could be behind bars for several months, it would  take the MPs to hold a current -- a hold his vote of no confidence.

  does not stand for the Labour Party? He doesn't any more.

 As any  yet -- as soon as he was arrested, he was disqualified.

 Whether he can  tough it out with the Prime Minister, 1,500 signatures on an  online petition, all saying Eric Illsley must resign.

 We have not  heard from him, have we? That is not surprising.

 Although John man  has said he has done the right thing and pleaded guilty.

 He  thought he might have broken a few regulations, but not the law.

 That  is what he was saying until today.

 Of the last few days, particularly  after the Katter conviction a few days, he has had a rethink and  pleaded guilty.

 -- the David Chaytor conviction.

  Later on Look North: Hope from the heart.

 How the latest technology is  But first, a taxi driver is fighting for his life after being  stabbed by a customer in Leeds.

 The 22-year-old driver, who recently  got married, has.

.

.

 The -- the driver was stabbed in  the neck.

 Robbery may have been the motive.

 It could not be any more  serious.

 He was attacked and taken to hospital.

 We were able to speak  to him very briefly, but his condition has deteriorated since.

  He is now fighting for his life.

 Detectives simply do not know  exactly where the taxi driver was attacked.

 He'd joke somewhere on to  this estate where the attack took place.

 Even after the attack, he  drove a further short distance, making an emergency call for help  before collapsing from his injuries.

 On Sunday night, the -- someone  called his employer.

 Very specific details were contained about the  attack and that call.

 We know that someone must know about Mike Hall.

  I would encourage someone to call back.

 I believe that there are  other people on the estate who know about the attack and no specific  details.

 Despite his critical injuries, he was able to describe  his attacker.

 White, 25 - 35 years He remains critical with a  punctured lung.

 Two workers have been seriously  injured in a -- in an explosion at a waste recycling plant.

 The Health  and Safety Executive are investigating.

 The explosion has  taken place here at this recycling plant on the outskirts of Rotherham.

  The explosion happened here just after 2:30pm.

 Police and emergency  services were called to the scene.

 As you can see, it has made a  rather large hole.

 Two members of staff have been taken to hospital.

  One of them has been flown to Leeds General Infirmary.

 They both have  very serious injuries.

 What is thought to have caused the  explosion? They are still investigating, but it is believed  that they lost pressure on one of the incinerators which led to the  blast.

 As you can see, you can imagine the amount of debris which  has come out of this gaping hole in the side of the building.

 They had  to cordon the area off for a number of hours while the clean-up  continued, and there was a lot of debris across the road as well.

  Whatever eyewitnesses been saying? As I mentioned, it is quite a large  industrial area on this side of Rotherham.

 A lorry depot just  across the road.

 I spoke to a member of staff from there, and  they said it was a bit of a shock to all of them.

 I was just in my  office where I worked, and there was a big bang.

 He said that  something had brute -- blown up.

 I looked out of the window.

 I thought  something in that you are -- our yard had blown up.

 The car is at  silly ruined in our car park.

 It has caused a lot of damage.

 Police  and the health in Safety Executive are still said to be investigating.

  -- Health and Safety Executive.

 We will have the latest on the late  addition of Look North.

 Today's news around the region.

 Warnings  were failed to be passed on about abuse to a toddler.

 She suffered  more than 100 injuries.

 A former community officer at Kirklees  council said it was a mistake to not pass on the information.

 50  jobs are being lost at Scarborough Borough Council.

 It means that the  council need suit make £1.

5 million worth of saving next year.

 Some of  the jobs will go immediately.

 Yorke could still be -- soon be given the  same status as the great ball of China and the pyramids.

 It is  begging to be a World Heritage Site.

 It is being discussed by MPs today,  and the bid is centred around archaeological treasures which lie  beneath the city.

 Only 2% of the area has been dug by it the  archaeologists.

 Calderdale Council voted unanimously in favour of  closing Halifax's Piece Hall.

 A new head teacher at a school in  Scarborough finally got to meet her pupils today after delays because  of burst pipes.

 Vicky Logan's first week as head of Overdale Community  Primary School has been a washout.

 The children are now back at school.

  Be for 7pm, Strictly glamourous.

 The TV dancing sensations come to  Sheffield for the live show.

 People with chronic despite chronic  heart failure in the Wakefield area are taking part in a trough for an  interactive health system which some claim has given them back  their lives.

 They can spend a lot of time housebound, fearing to go  outside their front door.

 Nurses and patients think that Newt  metrology brings major benefits.

 Place the finger clip on your  finger out.

 Police made wild your measurement is recorded.

 10am,  David's daily appointment.

 Place the -- press the blue button.

  miles away, this specialist nurse can see how he is.

 Not just David,  but 18 other patients with similar conditions.

 If there is an issue,  there is a face-to-face confrontation.

 A hello, I have been  looking at your measurements.

 I want to make sure that you have  been taking your medication problem.

 No problem with my medication at  all.

 We can monitor and a lot more patience on a daily basis, and I  think this allows them to have more confidence about their own  condition.

 They take a more active part in the care, because they are  doing the readings, not us.

 They are doing it on a daily basis.

 They  get used to it.

 This builds up their knowledge of the condition.

  David and -- had a heart bypass 18 months ago.

 His confidence was not  and he became frightened to leave home.

 He has not had a hospital  visit since then.

 I had no future.

 It has given me a new start.

 It is  more less a new start.

 Just wondering these checks? I cannot  believe that a piece of technology could do that.

 This is technology  that stops you being alone.

 Richard can convey -- concentrate on his  cigar patients, knowing that people like David of getting back to the  pleasures of life.

 -- sicker Are you missing all the glitz,  glamour and sequins since Strictly Come Dancing finished? Here is a  chance to get another fixed.

 -- fix.

 12 million people watched the final.

  The Strictly talk is coming to Sheffield.

 -- tour.

 They stole our  hearts with those moves and the gorgeous outfits.

 Here a couple of  the stars.

 Welcome to Sheffield! It does not seem five minutes since  you were in the Grand Final.

 You're right! It is going to be very  different doing it in an arena.

 This arena is absolutely normal.

 --  enormous.

 We are quaking in our boots.

 This is going to be  different.

 More about the rock arena in a moment, but what was it  like taking part in a popular show? Brilliant.

 You think you'll enjoy  it, but for me, I absolutely loved it.

 You are working week to week,  and you do not realise how hard it is.

 It is intense, and it takes  over your whole life.

 You join together.

 It sounds cheesy, but as  a team, you get through it.

 You would make it last as long as  possible.

 Congratulations! You had a few injuries along the way?  the final night, everybody got injuries at different points.

 It  was one of those things.

 You have to try something.

 You have to go  out there and try your best.

 It is now back to normal.

 It will be  fired.

 -- fine.

 Any more back flips? Yes, they will be -- there  will be a few of them.

 I will do a few.

 What can we expect? It is a  good show.

 Ann Widdecombe is going to be here as well.

 It will be  hilarious.

 She will still the show.

 Yes, she will.

 She is really nice.

  We have been in alk couples for so long.

 With this, it is more of a  celebration.

 -- we have been in our couples.

 We were just talking, we  might have a go.

 No more romances! Then asked -- there are tickets  still available.

 Their promises to be amazing! 7! That is what they do.

  I could see you on the next series.

 Moving around like Ann Widdecombe.

  That is not very nice.

 I thought we We will draw a line.

 Let me show  you a couple of pictures.

 I had never been to this place.

 It looks  very pretty.

 Mrs Robin Hood's Bay.

 -- this is Robin said -- Robin  The jet stream is right where it should be for a change.

 If you  trace back the isobars, you can see they are coming from sub tropical  areas.

 It is warmer than the North Sea.

 That is why there is going to  be a big temperature difference.

 This means there could be a tough -  - Touch of Frost.

 If you look behind me, a very active weather  system.

 In the short term, it is dry up.

 Clearing skies.

  Temperatures could drop down to zero or one.

 They could be a short  spell of snow.

 I think it will turn These are the high water times.

 You  will probably notice that it will be a milder morning.

 The mild air  is pitching -- pushing him.

 Showers, longer spells of rain.

 Some drier  spots in there.

 Let's have a look at the temperatures.

 11 in  Scarborough.

 Over the Pennines, eight or nine.

 They could be some  extensive fog at times there.

 That

 I do not need that, I do not need  that, do not need that, do not need  that.

  And because I have this.

 This week on Click the technology  that may replace your entire wallet and more.

 Near Field Communication.

  It could be nearer then you think.

 Cashing in on your fame.

 How  becoming a star on YouTube could be your route to riches.

 If that  sounds appealing, we will have an essential guide to shooting and  editing video for the Web.

 Plus, out tips for keeping your password  safe and secure in Webscape.

 Welcome to Click.

 There is a  technology that can open doors or make payments for you, despite  waving it.

 It is called Near Field Communication.

 But so far, it has  been a technology in the wings, touring the provinces of the  technology world, doing drudge work.

 Sure, it had a bit part in oyster  and travel card, but it has never stolen the show.

 But now NFC has  landed plum roles inside certain mobile phones and some credit and  charge cards.

 It looks like it could be NFC's year.

  The French city of Nice is road- testing Near Field Communication.

  With a wave of your phone, you can pay for coffee, buy a tram ticket  or get information on sightseeing.

 NFC uses short-range radio to send  or receive snippets of data to and from your phone.

 It is two way, so  that data could be a URL plugging you into a website with local  information, or a transaction code emitted by your phone to let you  buy things.

 So let's look at the first.

  You might find yourself in an exhibition of one of Nice's  favourite sons.

 Now what I know about Yves Klein would fit  comfortably on the back of a matchbox.

 I need some help.

  One place where this technology is really exciting is in an art  gallery, where we often need to have a little bit of background  information to understand what we are looking at.

 With NFC you just  put your phone up to here.

 It will then send me a URL which will allow  me to have a running commentary on all the works of art in this  gallery.

 And you know the best  thing: It is in English.

  Okay so you are all cultured up and you want to take a tram.

 All you  have to do is to buy your ticket through a smartphone application  and the ticket is held in a kind of outbox that is then emptied by the  tram's NFC reader.

 It is prepaid, so when the outbox is empty that is  it, you will not be debited a tram- full of tickets as you are crushed  against the reader during rush hour.

 It is NFC's ability to tell others  who we are so we can buy stuff that has got many interested in it at  the NFC-forum in Monaco.

 But will the public stomach bundling  together our IDs and smart cards and pouring the sensitive details  into smartphones that can be lost? I think the prospect of putting  your entire wallet into your phone is going to be daunting for  customers, who will think of security risks and those kinds of  things.

 But I do think ultimately it will go that way and I think  that as customers get more and more informed about the security  measures that are in place to protect them, they will actually  find that they are more secure with it.

 We have had the same technology  in a credit card as we did 20 to 30 years ago.

 And so you look at a  smartphone and what the capability is now in terms of securing my  identity and my protection.

 I think this is the great benefit.

 If I  lose my wallet I have got to make 30 to 40 phone calls.

 I have got to  call different things.

 I have to remember what is in it.

 In the case  of the phone, yes it is all there, and number one, it is protected,  and number two, the ability to actually delete or wipe that phone  is really one of the key components of what NFC does.

  Consumer confidence in the technology could be a boon for  small businesses and not just in the developed world.

 A system  called Geti, from Morocco, can convert almost any phone to NFC and  can run card payments off them.

 This solution was developed taking  into consideration our environment in Morocco.

 We are still in a cash  environment and people are still willing to pay their retailers and  staff by cash.

 However, everybody has a mobile phone, so the idea was  to come up with a solution which offers the security required by  banks plus the friendly aspect of NFC.

  A number of those that come equipped with NFC: Nokia's C7, the  Google Nexus S, and Samsung and now Blackberry have all brought out  NFC-enabled phones.

 So it seems everyone is getting in on the  action, well, almost everyone.

 Now there might be a bit of spoiler  in all of this, Apple.

 IPhones are pretty popular, and NFC's tipping  point might only be a partial tip if the iPhone does not come  equipped with NFC.

 So will it? Great question for Apple.

 IPhones  do not have NFC.

 Will they have NFC? That is not the question to  ask me.

 It is something that needs to be asked to Apple.

 No, but it  needs to be asked to you, because unless Apple actually embrace it,  you can see that you have got a large section of the market who  love iPhones and will always have iPhones and there will not be any  NFC if Apple have made that decision.

 And again I would say it  is really going to be in Apple's hands, what they want to do with  the technology.

 If you look at the overall market  size and the number of manufacturers that have clearly  stated they are supporting NFC and are active with it, there is a  critical mass of users there.

 And time and tide wait for no man or  device manufacturer.

 Rumours abound, but so far Apple  are not doing NFC.

 But hold on! Wasn't that an Apple we saw earlier  doing the NFC thing? It seems there is always a workaround whatever  Apple decides.

 And another application to show what is  possible.

 Finland's Oulu University of  Applied Sciences has equipped golf clubs with NFC tags.

 You can touch  them to a GPS phone at each swing to give you pattern of play,  including club values, plotted on a map.

 With the internet and the real  world coming together in this way, it will be fascinating to see what  happens if what has so far has been  a Cinderella technology really does  go to the ball.

 David Reid with Close encounters of  the technology kind.

 Next up is this week's technology  news.

 First up, more pronouncements on  Judge Google's operating system.

 Two years after it was announced,  chrome AU east will finally see the light of day next month, debut win  on two specifically tailored machines.

 They will cost $500 but  will also be available -- available to rent for students and businesses  for about $30 a month.

 Virtually all your computing and most of your  storage will leave in the cloud, accessible through a browser  interface.

 At the same time, Google set its tabloid -- its tabloid  version of Bob Android OS will be bawling out through its TV service.

  And now it has thrown out the call led to rivals with multimedia  services, one upping the offering  from Amazon, Google metre -- Google  Music Beta up has 20,000 tracks.

 You can keep some music off-line as  well.

 It is invitation only.

 It will be used is in the US first, as  is new movie rental service.

 It is a potential rival to Netflix.

  Skype has been brought again, this time by Microsoft, who will be  hoping to see a better return from its $850 billion investment -- $8.

5  billion investment.

 It may include integrating the service into  Microsoft Office, or the next  version of Windows, or into Xbox.

  Whether it is your best friend's wedding or your pet to riding a  skateboard, many of us to shoot the occasional video.

 You do not need a  professional video camera, a phone will do the job.

 But often what we  film could do with a bit of tidying up.

 So if you fancy tripping out  the bobbles and cutting in some good bits, he comes Click's  essential guide to video editing.

 So you want to create a  masterpiece? Before you hit the editing, get your source footage  looking tip-top, and that means a variety of shot sizes, doomed from  different angles, keeping steady, and do not constantly zoom in and  out.

 For teach in hand, you can get down and dirty in the edit suite.

  Most of you will have most of these on hand for absolutely nothing.

 For  basic edits, Windows' users can use  Movie Maker.

 As does iMovie, the  equivalent Mac programme.

 Once you have captured your footage, or you  have imported your files, it is time to start work.

 The basic  principle is to tell the story through pictures, choosing the bits  of footage that you want to use, dragging them on to the timeline  and then trimming to size.

 The variety of available transitions,  sound and visual effects will vary from one editing suite to another,  but when it comes to transitions, less is definitely more.

 Loads of  head spinning effects are a sure fire way of instantly giving away  your amateur credentials.

 Editing can be a process ahead the job, so  if your computer is creaking under the weight, you could try a web-  based video editor.

 JayCut is one that is worth exploring, sharing  some of the same features as the three desktop tools.

 One of the  drawbacks is that you have to upload all of you footage onto the  internet first.

 So why are you Don -- you do not need a powerful  computer, you would need a fast connection for those two would  probably.

 Upload speed up the deathly slow.

 With this in mind, it  is no surprise that the maximum  limit for each clip on JayCut is  250 megabytes.

 But those of a social persuasion may lead to try  Stroome, where you can collaboratively edit Abdo and  publisher directly onto social networks.

 You can include other  members' footage into your a debt  as well.

 YouTube now has a basic  video editor.

 It will allow you to make some edits.

 Recently it has  even added the ability to stabilise your drunken camera work.

 Some  interesting developments around the horizon.

 Magisto says they can  choose the best bits of your footage for you.

 When we tried it  out, it seemed to have done a reasonable job, but it lacks the  human touch when it seems -- when it comes to cutting in the right  place.

 If you want to perk up your mobile phone footage, you can do  away with a computer altogether.

 Splice is a free app -- app for the  iPhone.

 It is very processor intensive.

 Even with the iPhone for,  it is a bit of a struggle.

 You will find that essential guide  up at our website.

  If you would like to know anything  We have shown you how to make your home videos more professional.

 But  if you take a look at the world's largest repository of home that  videos, YouTube, you'll see that many people have a little way to go.

  It turns out that YouTube itself is putting effort into training its  contributors to look more upmarket and possibly earn some money for  their efforts.

 User generated video sites like YouTube have made Andy  Warhol's 1968 pronouncement that "in the future everybody will be  world famous for fifteen minutes" an online reality.

 Sure, fame is  nice but it must be even more desirable if it comes with a cash  incentive.

 YouTube have now created a way for people who post video on  its site to make some cold hard cash.

 It's very straightforward  actually, if you make videos and you own all of the rights to what  you do, you can just sign up to the partner programme and you will get  an email that says you can now start making money on YouTube by  outputting videos.

 It doesn't cost you anything.

 You just have to be  creative and if you can build an audience it could become a really  good business for you.

 If somebody watches your video, we will put ads  near or before your video and we share the advertising money with  you.

 So far YouTube has just over 20,000 members signed up for its  partner programme.

 A handful of them were gathered together in  London recently to share the secrets of their online success.

  Hello my name's Mike Cooke from  Simon's Cat and we are making a  Hello my name is Thomas Ridgewell.

 I'm a youtuber and I make a living  off the site.

 I make videos that  There was no specific game plan.

 I  didn't really think I would do very well, but then a couple of years in,  I started tailoring my work to do well.

 I released my first video  that was sort of intentional viral video asdfmovie.

 And it went viral,  and yay! But in this brave new world of monetised user generated  content, surely some up-loaders will try to make as much cash as  possible by posting video they think will be a money spinner.

  think if you get a creator specifically designing their  content to turn numbers to get cash out.

 I mean, the whole  entertainment industry the big entertainment industry is about  that, you want to get people watching your film, watching your  TV programme.

 I think that if you do it wrong, people will see that  feel that they are being taken advantage of.

 If you do it with a  bit of pride and some substance to it, you are really passionate about  it, it will be good, still be good.

 Being successful on YouTube isn't  just about making money.

 It's about building an audience and you might  get a phone call from a record label or a TV producer who says,  "We love what you do, come work for us".

 It's become for many people  the biggest sort of online resume they could ever have.

 While YouTube  is undoubtedly a great shop window for new talent, everybody we spoke  to suddenly became shy when we asked them exactly how much cash  they'd made from the partner  programme.

 It's hard to put a  definite number on it.

 I didn't originally make enough off YouTube  to live off but over time each time you release a successful video it's  like a salary.

 It just sort of goes up.

 It doesn't really go down for  me at least.

 For now I make enough to live off and then some.

 I'll be  paying off my student fees come May, so I will be starting real life in  the black.

 Yeah, you can make plenty of money off it.

 Yes! Well,  we don't say publically what the revenue share is but the majority  of the money that come in from the advertisers goes to the partner.

  YouTube and its partners might be keeping tight-lipped about revenues  but industry observers suggest that to earn $100 a month a clip must  get between two and three thousand views a day.

 Now that might not  sound like much, but when we consider that some of YouTube's  most popular clips are viewed in their millions, it all ads up.

 With  real money at stake, one day video up loaders like these.

.

.

 .

.

.

could  find themselves becoming the online equivalent of wealthy movie moguls.

  As long as viewers keep clicking,  Now, there are hundreds of  thousands of apps for modern smartphones.

 Someone who get too  excited about that from time to time his Kate Russell, who I am  convinced has them all.

 In fact, she was once in a hospital  emergency room and she answered a call for help in the translating, I  have got an app for that.

 I wonder what on earth could have got her so  excited this week.

 You should watch your manners.

 You could be  replaced! I have an app for that.

  Heres Kate Russell with Webscape.

  Thanks to AppInventor, it allows to build you iron her at some plus  anything you want to upload from your computer.

 -- your own apps.

  Smart phone at builders are springing up all over the Web.

 We  will take a look at others in the weeks ahead.

 This has to be the  ultimate in a phone Customisation.

 In this case, no heavy programming  language to learn either.

 To be fair, this is one you are going to  have to read the manual for probably.

 They have made it so you  can create really complex programmes, as well as nice and  simple ones.

 The interface can look a little daunting.

 Use it tutorials  to get the basics and you will soon start to unravel this complex  design system.

 The fall-out from the Sony to  buckle, where around 100 million users account these laws were  compromised in ago, seems to be reaching a conclusion as the  company is working flat out to get their services back online.

 But  with the seemingly endless stream of stories about this kind of hat,  we could be a little -- we all should be a little bit more  vigilant about security.

 It is about being smart with your  password.

 But with so many online accounts to remember, it is all too  tempting to use the same details everywhere you go.

 But here are  some alternatives.

 RoboForm is the most established passport and  former manager.

 It encrypts your data so you can save all those  pesky lock-ins and passwords  without the risk of them falling  set up more double identities, perfect for the family's PC.

 The  downside is unless you are maintaining 10 or fewer Login, it  is only free for a limited time.

 If you want to use it everywhere,  there is a newly subscription and you will have to run it from the  USB or install it on every mistake.

 A new service that has overcome  some of these issues is blast past .

com.

 Some require a premium  account.

 But that just $12 per year, does not a lot to pay for peace of  mind.

 But the free last past account covers all mainstream  browsers and operating systems and can be accessed online through  their wet said, giving it a definitely over RoboForm.

 With both  these services installed, you still need to go through all of your  accounts and Shorrock Security, changing passwords to something  less obvious and making sure that you use a different one on every  site.

 Password managers can help you do that as well, with secure  password generators.

 All this said, even these services are not immune  to security risks.

 Last pass has it that much had its own scare at the  Munich beginning of the month and had to ours is uses to change their  master passwords.

 For those who want to be ubersafe, there is a  relatively inexpensive hardware auction at Yubico .

com.

 The USP,  YubiKey, works with last pass among other services and it means that  no-one can access your account if they do not have the physical key  to plug it in.

 Make sure you keep it somewhere safe, like on your key  ring.

 One last night to the concern, as we have seen, you security  threats and solutions are popping up all the time.

 To keep abreast, I  highly recommend the security now  part cast, with.

 It is published  weekly and will know what you need  to look after.

 All of Kate's links  are available at our website.

 Also you will find videos of all of our  recent features and a link to the radio programme.

 This week, we hear  from a listener in Texas who offers some advice from mobile  manufacturers looking to make their

 was dropped from the US version.

  Now it is time for quick.

 -- Click.

 Secrets are published, identities  are revealed, and yet criminals  hide.

 Is it time for the untainted  internet to be put money leash.

? --  UN underpayment.

 This week on Click  we will hear from the big players using the worldwide web is too much  like the Wild, Wild West.

 We will ask whether anyone can keep a  secret online and what might happen to those who League.

 My test drive  the latest video games and something to help you unleash your  creative side in Webscape.

 When it comes to privacy laws the internet  has become an embarrassment.

 Cyber criminals can remain anonymous,  embarrassing authorities.

 Secret government documents are leaked  anonymously, embarrassing ambassador has.

 And yet anonymous  celebrities are unmasked.

 There are people asking if the internet needs  to be more tightly controlled.

 This year they include the most powerful  politicians on the planet.

 We went to the G8 summit in Paris to find  out of the world's Government's are about to get their hands on the  worldwide web.

 The G8 is an annual meeting of leaders from eight of  the world's major economies, discussing issues of mutual global  concern.

 This year that includes the internet.

 France which is  hosting the G8 has got together industry leaders to discuss what  the G8 leaders will be looking at.

 But before you dismiss politicians  as only pens and paper in a digital world, times are changing.

 Many  leaders use social networking tools and the World Economic Forum,  always interested in what the powerful arc up to, even has an  expert in Twitter diplomacy.

 They may not tweets themselves, it may  be their staff.

 Interesting to see who follows a who were and who  doesn't.

 New Zealand Prime Minister John Key is following Julia Gillard  of Australia.

 But Julia Gillard is not following John Key, so  Australia is giving New Zealand the cold shoulder.

 Prime Minister  Erdogan Netanyahu is not following Fayyad, who in turn is following a  ten-year be.

 A case in Port it is the British monarchy.

 Of course  Queen Elizabeth is not used to following other people.

 The British  monarchy does not follow anyone.

 there any evidence that politicians  taking notice of what people answer to their tweets? Absolutely.

 On if  you do not see any mentions there is no conversation going on.

 Arnold  Schwarzenegger would take 20 minutes to have a Twitter into the  air.

 For the first time we can address our politicians directly  without going through the medium or any intermediary.

 -- through the  media.

 Politicians tweet, but do  they get the internet? It seems  they debt that it is powerful, but they wonder if it can be controlled.

  The Arab Spring has been a large fact they because they realise that  people can organise by the internet  and create a large block without  leaders or ideology.

 All the opposition they have had in the  past has been organised along ideological lines and had clearly  identified leaders.

 This is different.

 On the Internet makes it  difficult to keep secrets.

 WikiLeaks' dripping has been a  diplomatic explosion in slow motion.

 British injunctions against the  publication of details of private lives has been blown apart by  feverish twittering.

 It seems there Rahmat laws passed by international  governments and governments in California.

 It is only the last two  that apply online.

 Because the Wikimedia Foundation is based in  the US we absolutely follow US law.

 For the same reasons we do not  follow every aspect of Chinese of.

 We do not follow every aspect of UK  law when it conflicts with our mission of providing high quality,  accurate, factual information.

 Chine and the UK in the same breath  - ouch! Politicians may need to regulate issues such as child  pornography or state secrecy but the realities of the internet may  force them to take a different line especially when California is the  internet capital.

 I am very cautious about government  regulation of the internet.

 There are legal remedies for some of  wrongs that get done.

 As we introduce any new laws or  regulations we have to really think carefully about unintended  consequences and freedom of speech rights.

 The worst thing you can  have his bumbling regulations from politicians who barely know how the  internet works.

 It is not helpful.

 Politicians need to become engaged  with the technological community so they can understand how the  internet works and why certain things they may want to do are not  possible.

 Google chairman Eric Schmidt and Facebook founder Mark  Zuckerberg both call for only light touch regulation.

 In the end it  might be dollars and cents rather than ideals which have the last  world.

 The internet has become the world's garden fence, a place for  free-flowing gossip.

 It is one of the ways it makes money.

 Bill the  fence to hire and you could diminish its stock.

 As we mention  the internet can sometimes make a mockery of existing laws as in the  high profile case in the UK this week when a certain footballer took  out a High Court injunction to stop his name being mentioned in the  media, whereas anyone who knew their way around Twitter new weeks  ago.

 How hard it would it be to gag a service like Twitter and would  there be much point anyway? With me is the co-presenter of the clique  radio programme David Thomson.

 Do you think it would be possible to  gag Twitter and stop people discussing this kind of thing? --  Bill Thompson.

 Technically years because you can do anything if you  have access to the underlying internet connectivity and you can  force committed to implemented.

 Said you can just keep pumping  names into Twitter and see which ones making through the filter and  then you know who has an injunction.

 If you know it is a footballer you  could write a script that tried out every footballer in the Premiership.

  It is the same as breaking passwords.

 When you have a Web  servers like Twitter where lots of people are talking among themselves,  essentially among friends, is there any difference between that and  gossiping at work or at the pub or over the back fence? Unless you are  a closed account you are clearly publishing to a wider audience.

  They tweeter on by default public.

 That will be picked up by a search  engine us along with Google and Bing.

 That is publication.

 So if  you get a fact wrong you could be large killing someone.

 If you get a  fat white but it is subject away High Court injunction then you are  breaking that injunction? Have you been told them it is a secret  Injunction on this person? Have the millions of users on Twitter been  told that? And there is where the world starts to change of course.

  News readers in the UK have been told about injunctions so that  editors know not to publish that.

 If they inadvertently spoke about a  matter that was the subject of a junction there would be an  investigation.

 That process relies on the desire to stay on the right  side of the law of large numbers of journalists.

 Those of us on Twitter  who have not been informed about the injunction cannot realistically  be bound by it.

 Of course, telling us about the terms of the  injunction by having them on the Twitter home page Ward, some might  argue, defeat the point of the whole thing.

 So it really does not  work.

 Having on the Twitter home page - these are the people you  cannot talk about and the subject you cannot talk about.

 Perhaps the  people are leaking these details are perhaps the people that leaked  the information in the first place before it was a subject of gossip.

  Do you think it would be possible to trace these people and privet  was Sam? That is unlikely.

 Firstly, it is unlikely that those people  who put out those tweets used their own computer.

 More likely they used  a cybercafe or a mobile device purchased for that purpose.

 They  may have used a computer at work and that could be equally damaging.

  If you could prove that one of these tweets came from inside a  news organisation that had been served an injunction that would be  a political scandal but it would not nailed down the individual.

  using the internet should have a  global police force? Better snow.

  In -- e-mail us or, if you dare,  Peter us.

 -- tweet us.

 More  security breaches for Sony.

 Stolen from a semi Eriksson a web site in  Canada.

 The Sony Music per entertainment website in Greece  lead to more.

 OK, who weather has enforce any, enough already.

  Microsoft will Neil's a new look for Nokia smart phones.

 Finding  things to do it way you are when you are searching and keeping  conversations rates with contacts in one place regardless of whether  they took place fire text, I am core Facebook.

 It will work on  Windows Phone 7 devices.

 If you thought Apple Macs had some of  magic ability to avoid viruses and now where, think again.

 Apple is  releasing a Finks for a loophole which lets fate security software  install itself on a Mac.

 Apple says the new version of her Wessex will  automatically removes Mac Defender and its variants and has introduced  further guidance on its website.

 Over the past few months we have  had more requests to see more video games on the programme.

 Your wishes  our command.

 Another crop of the  Most of us are unlikely to ever  perform some of the more outlandish many of those found in racing games  in real cars.

 It is difficult to test those claims.

 I have travelled  to Battersea Power Station in order to perform a few unusual test  drives.

 It is not often one reporting on video games that I get  to enjoy the great outdoors.

 In order to compare and contrast the  realism of racing games to the real thing, I will take this for a spin.

  This is purely for the purposes of research.

 I will not enjoy a single  second of it.

 The car in question is a Ford Focus rally car.

 It has  had numerous modifications.

 A roll cage, a four-wheel-drive, and it  produces about 300 brake horse power.

 Exactly the same car  features in DiRT 3, and often on road racing game which allows  players to sample them as racing cars from the last five decades.

  Race ready rally cars do not come cheap.

 I have been issued with my  very own chauffeur.

 I am sure that he is extraordinarily safe and  careful as a driver.

 That a chauffeur is Ken Block, a rally  driver with a Penshaw on for driving this.

 The most dangerous  thing that could happen while playing is a bit of joy pad strain  on my thumb.

 As you would expect with a contemporary -- contemporary  racer, it is very pretty indeed.

 Gameplay and handling is crisp and  this feels like a very polished razor.

 So, I strap been for my  right along.

 It becomes immediately obvious that the next few minutes  of my life are not likely to be  relaxing.

 Thanks to Ken's  incredibly precise but utterly terrifying driving.

 As the car  spins into drifts, all thoughts of the Saif virtual reality of racing  games swig -- swiftly leave my head.

 It would be impossible for any game  to reproduce these gut wrenching  sensations.

 What do I prefer? The  real racer or the Racing Game? Let's put it this way.

 I will not  have to change my underwear every time I am play the game.

 This  experience has made it abundantly clear to me the enormous chasm  between a video games and reality still thankfully exists.

  World War II.

 Contemporary battlefield.

 Even deep space.

 All  of these have been backdrops for first-person shooters.

 Any new game  that throws its hat, beret or space helmet into the fps arena meets to  have a unique paid in order to capture the game up's imaginations.

  A Xbox Kinect manages to separate itself from the massed ranks of  battle-hardened first-person shooters.

 It does this by being  completely and utterly bonkers.

 The Child of Eden is set inside a  futuristic computer their work.

 The player must purge his pixelated  psychedelic landscape of a computer virus.

 This is achieved by waving  your hands of a target which fires lasers, or by sweeping both hands  down to activate smart bombs.

 The player can also attempted to shoot  targets in time with the soundtrack for an additional score.

 That is  basically the whole game.

 That and some sumptuous race Stael -- rave  style details.

 Child of Eden will not be for everyone.

 It is an  interesting and imaginative take on the genre.

 The dead or alive series  of fighting games comes to Nintendo's 3D S.

 It makes use of  the had taught through the screen.

 Fighters can be controlled using  the buttons and pad or using the stylus on the bottom touch-screen  to create combos.

 A solid fighting engine is at the heart of this game.

  For me, the series has never been that inspiring.

 It is obsessed in  an adolescent way with the anatomy of the in game female characters.

  It is almost as at the Carry On team had designed this series of  games.

 And OK fighting game that  fails to deliver a knockout punch.

  The latest titles.

 Time for a were regular look at the latest Web  sites and apps now.

 Webscape is picking up quite a four win if the  number of tweets we see each week about Kate Russell and anything to  go by.

 This week, she is taking her inspiration from the old masters.

  Not everyone can afford to have an original Cezanne hanging on the  wall.

 Why not make your own? Psykopaint is a call you are mine  painting tool that led to add an overlay style and effect to a  digital photos without having to worry about colour selection as the  actors all of that for you -- the  Despite a stunning results like  this, there is nothing especially ground-breaking going on in terms  of functionality.

 But I think Psykopaint deserves the spotlight  because of the great in the face which turns the art of creation  into an art form in its own right.

 When you're happy with your  masterpiece, you can save it on your hard drive, publisher to the  gallery, and a soon-to-be added feature will allow you to order a  copy printed on canvas.

 One day, it  might even be worth something.

  If you are the kind of person that likes to sing in the shower, I have  something that she will enjoy.

 Ujam .

com is a music creation site that  offers so much to be inexperienced and musically challenged one of the  pop stars.

 Starting work on a track is as simple as willing a few lines  of vocal in two-way microphone.

 The application will break it down and  work out the melody.

 Assuming you are capable of producing something  remotely like a melody.

 Which I am not.

 I ask our Twittersphere to  come to the rescue.

 Although simple to get started, this application is  very flexible.

 You can import a file or record a new one.

 Tweak the  tempo and melody and even start adding whatever instruments you  want from the vast list of choices.

 Maisie creators can go for a pre-  set the works.

 There are plenty to choose from.

 This is what I came up  with when you're Candy Rose very  With all the ways there are to have  a presence on the world wide web, it is getting so that swapping  contact details were some can be an all-day event.

 Enter about dot me,  a smart and simple online business card that is now the only URL you  need to give out.

 Think of this as your landing page on the world wide  web.

 All this -- the space is that you occupy are never more than a  click away.

 Despite the wet side doing just what she wanted to do,  if you spend a little time designing your page, you can make  her look quite original.

 Took out the directory for inspiration.

  Adding services is very easy.

 They even have Instagram integration.

 A  photographic I phone app that I showed you recently.

 If the service  you want is not listed, and it is a custom URL.

 Now everyone will know  where to find you.

 The EU cookie -- could be directed  at a mind this week.

 Some experts believe we could end up getting  swamped by a pop-ups.

 A group of experts at cookiecrunch .

co.

uk are  trying to build an open source database of cookies and statistics  to find a better way to deal with them.

 It is a Firefox only pub in  and it is just anonymous information harvested from the  people who downloaded.

 The data base can be started -- said that  the data base can be started.

 They have all sorts of plans for the  future.

 Kate Russell and Webscape.

 The  links are not on our website.

 You will find a war reports in the  report -- have you a form and a link to the radio programme.

 This  week, at me -- we make the team hoping that the Community approach  that gave us the Firefox browser

 Britain expels the Libyan  ambassador as tensions mount following a NATO air strike.

  Colonel Gaddafi's regime claims he was the target of the strike which  they say killed one of his sons and three grandchildren.

 This was a  direct operation to assassinate the leader of this country.

 This is not  permitted by international law.

 As Libyan officials claim this is  the body of Gaddafi's son, NATO flatly denies targeting the  The man who floored Muhammed Ali, Should we change the way we vote  for our MPs? Clegg and Cameron re- ignite the debate over the  alternative vote ahead of this week's referendum.

  A million people in Rome witness  the beatification of the late Pope  Good evening.

 Britain has given the Libyan ambassador 24 hours to leave  the country.

 His expulsion follows attacks on embassies in Tripoli,  including Britain's, by Colonel Gaddafi's supporters.

 They were  angered by a NATO air strike which the regime claims killed one of  Gaddafi's sons and three of his grandchildren.

 As tensions  heightened today, the United Nations has also ordered all its  staff to leave Libya.

 In a moment, we'll have more on the escalation  of tensions between London and Tripoli.

 First, Christian Fraser  reports on the NATO airstrike on Gaddafi's compound.

  The royal crest of the British embassy, gutted by fire.

 The news  of Saif al-Arab Gaddafi's apparent death was not released in Tripoli  until the early hours, yet in minutes, demonstrations were under  way.

 The foreign ministers of Britain, Italy and the US were  attacked, together with the offices of the UN.

 The fires are still  burning and the floor is still hot.

 Under the Vienna Convention, the  Libyan government is required to protect all foreign missions in  Tripoli but we are taught by people here that there were so many people  here last night, the police simply withdrew and today they are nowhere  to be seen.

 Tonight, the Foreign Secretary, William Hague, responded,  giving the Libyan ambassador 24 hours to leave London.

 Then NATO  attacks on Gaddafi residence has taken the conflict into a new phase.

  We are told Saif al-Arab Gaddafi was killed, along with three of  Colonel Gaddafi's grandchildren.

 Be leader, who claimed he was there at  the time, is said to have escaped unharmed.

 This is a direct  operation to assassinate the leader of this country.

 This is not  permitted by international law.

 It is not permitted by any moral code  or principle.

 There were no bodies on site but today, state television  produced footage of four shrouded figures.

 NATO says the building was  used as a control and command facilities.

 There is a deep hole  beneath the rubble, which could lead to a basement or bunker.

 If we  are reliant on the government's account, a version of -- events  which has made his plays a far more dangerous place for Westerners to  operate.

 The UN say they no longer feel safe and are now leaving the  country.

 These developments and the decision  to expel Libya's ambassador means relations between Britain and Libya  are under new and severe strain.

 Our diplomatic correspondent is  with us.

 William Hague ordered the expulsion  of the Libyan ambassador in direct response to the attacks on British  embassy buildings in Tripoli.

 That retaliation, along with  intensifying NATO bombing missions, seemed to reinforce the view that  bringing an end to this conflict will not be quick and easy.

  Tonight, police officers were up so the London home of the Libyan  ambassador.

 Seen here with the Queen last year, he has now been  declared persona non Carter and given 24 hours to leave the country.

  With diplomacy at a dead end, the NATO bombing raids have intensified.

  The Libyan ambassador will be returning to a city under siege.

  Last night's attack, once again raising the question of what  exactly is in NATO's sites? Is this evidence that the alliance is  deliberately targeting members -- targeting members of the Gaddafi  family? NATO still insists it was a legitimate strike on a building  being used to deflect attacks.

 process NATO goes through it to  identify military targets that may be being used in defiance of UN  resolution of 1973 in order to attack civilians.

 That could be  tanks and heavy weaponry or the command and control centres  directing operations.

 NATO said individuals are not a target and  nor is it authorise under the UN resolution, that only states all  necessary measures can be taken to protect civilians, but with NATO  claims are launching 160 strikes a day, it is clearly focused on  destroying the military machine in Libya.

 It is entirely possible NATO  was seeking to send a psychological message to Colonel Gaddafi, after a  week in which both sides have engaged an escalation, but that is  not the same thing as saying they sort out to kill a member of his  family.

 Russia and Venezuela, known critics of the mission, have  already condemned the attack, saying it shows NATO is trying to  strip members of the regime.

 The bigger worries that NATO will be  reaction within the alliance itself, particularly among those less  enthusiastic supporters of the bombing campaign, like Germany and  Turkey, and what will be the reaction of Libya's Arab  neighbours? Yes, we now can speak to Christian  Fraser in Tripoli.

.

.

 Clearly, relations the restrained indeed and  events moving pretty fast.

 Very much so.

 Given that the NATO  Alliance Trust from the outset they were not prepared to negotiate with  the government until Colonel Gaddafi left power, you might think  the withdrawal of the Libyan ambassador would not made much  difference, but presumably he was there to keep a channel open to the  British Government and that ties NATO closer to the military life.

  We don't know what Gaddafi's response will be to this.

 But I  think he will be disappointed by the withdrawal of the UN  humanitarian observers, who he had invited to Tripoli, he hoped, to  give an independent view of what was happening in the west of the  country.

 All the time he is getting increasingly isolated.

 We must  presume that a man who are rather world is shrinking must be feeling  increasingly desperate, which could be caused the greater concern.

 --  which could be cause for greater concern.

  The Syrian army is reported to have seized control of a mosque in the  city of Deraa which has become a centre for anti-government protests.

  It was taken after an assault supported by tanks.

 Today more  video footage has emerged from inside the city where dozens have  been killed.

 It shows bikes and other personal possessions  abandoned in the street as gunfire rings out.

 Some people took huge  risks, staying in the open to help the wounded.

  Sir Henry Cooper, one of Britain's  best-loved sporting heroes, has  died at the age of 76.

 In 1963, with a fiersome left hook, he  famously knocked down Muhammed Ali, then boxing as Cassius Clay.

 James  Pearce looks back at the life of the boxer affectionately know as  "our 'Enery".

 Henry Cooper's most famous Punch, a  crunching left hook, sent a young Cassius Clay to the floor for the  first time in his career.

 Saved by the bell, Cassius Clay went on to  win, after Cooper's succumb to the facial cuts which would dockets  careers.

 -- which would dog his Queudrue.

 He said Cooper hit me so  hard, it didn't only shake me, it shook my of relations in Africa!  one will ever forget the punch of Mohammed Ali, that glorious night,  the most famous Punch ever thrown in a British boxing ring.

 I  understand he has been ill for some time and our thoughts are with his  family and friends.

 Cooper began boxing as an amateur, at the age of  15.

 Within three years he was light heavyweight champion.

 Cooper is the  winner! And part of a British team at the 1952 Olympics.

 As a pro, he  lost three title fights before taking the British and Empire  crowns from Brian London in 1959.

 He help those titles for most of  the next 12 years, defeating challengers like Joe Erskine, the  talented Welshman.

 That was the best finish of any fight.

 He was  out with my left hook but as he fell, he was falling rather slowly,  I hit him with about five other punches.

 Cooper is badly cut!  1968, Cooper added the European title, when the holder was  disqualified in the eighth round.

 He is declared the winner!  Retirement beckoned but there was one last big fight.

 In 1971, the  defence of his British, European and Commonwealth titles against a  brash newcomer, Joe Bugner.

 At the bell most people thought Cooper had  won it but the referee disagreed, awarding about to Joe Bugner.

  has given it to Joe Bugner! first person to become BBC Sports  Personality Of The Year on two occasions, he carved out a career  as a popular man of the people.

 And in the year 2000, he became Sir  Henry, boxing's first overnight.

 big difference with Henry Cooper  was that he transcended the sport, not many people done that.

 He was  much loved.

 He probably made 10 times out side of boxing as he did  in the ring.

 He wasn't perhaps the most successful boxer Britain has  produced, but he was without doubt one of the best loved.

  Remembering Sir Henry Cooper, who died today.

  Both sides in the alternative vote referendum have begun their final  push to convince people of their cases ahead of this Thursday's vote  on changing the system for electing MPs to Westminster.

 The yes  campaign, backed by the Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, say AV  would be fairer and can better reflect people's views.

 The no  campaign, supported by David Cameron, says it wants to stick  with the first-past-the-post-system.

 Carole Walker reports.

  A testing time for the relationship on which the coalition depends.

 As  Nick Clegg and David Cameron a POS one another in the battle over  whether to change the way we elect MPs -- a POS one another.

 The Prime  Minister urged voters to stick with the current system.

 I am very clear  that no vote is the right system because it is simple, well  understood, it is fair, and it is effective.

 You can get rid of  governments you don't like and that is a vital thing in a democracy for.

  At the moment, you will let your MP by putting one cross against the  name of your favourite candidate and the one with the most votes  wins -- you elect your MP.

 Under AV, you would rank in order of  preference.

 To win, a candidate would need more than half the votes.

  The one with fewer votes is kicked out and their second preferences  are voted.

 This goes on until one of them does have more than half of  the votes.

 It I think it is very difficult to defend a system, where  you have one government after the next who are in power and yet only  a minority of people have voted for them.

 It cannot be right for  hundreds of MPs in Parliament, with jobs for life, and yet the majority  of their own constituents do not support them.

 So far, the public  information drive and the war of words between the yes and No  campaigns have failed to inspire many, but in leafy Richmond, west  London, have long fought over by the Conservatives and Liberal  Democrats, most were at least aware of the arguments.

  Thursday's Referendum Bill have a profound effect on relations within  the coalition government and the future of our politics but the  immediate challenge for both sides is to persuade voters in places  like this to go out to the polls, to ensure the legitimacy of the  result, whatever the outcome.

 have Nick Clegg squabbling with  David Cameron, people calling each other names.

 I am persuaded that AV  is the right thing.

 I don't think many people understand it so I will  vote for no change.

 It has been disastrous and bitchy and  untruthful and misleading, so at the end of the day I hope people  make up their own mind.

 And with many voters still undecided, the  final days of this campaign could be crucial.

  There are full details of the AV  In the Scottish election campaign,  the parties have clashed over whether there should be a  referendum.

 Evening sunshine, of the leaders  are right for the debate.

 Marvellous! Still smiling after  prolonged, intense campaigning.

 The polls suggest Alex Salmond is  heading for a second term in power at Holyrood.

 Labour insists they  can close the back -- gap.

 The debate promises to save money with  ideas on how to spend it, leaving some sceptical.

 You just have to  say you can't do it sometimes.

 the SNP win, they would revive  plans for an independence referendum but later at the next  session.

 Labour says that would be damaging.

 That would create  uncertainty which would damage the recovery, cost us jobs, damaged  interests of the people of Scotland.

 I am fed up with the other parties  talking the potential of this country down.

 What a cheek.

 Even  more important in whether you believe in independence is to  believe in the right of the Scottish people to decide on  independence! For the Tories, Annabel Goldie set out her  priorities, jobs, education.

 That does not include independence.

  said she would restrain the two big parties, Labour and SNP.

 Who will  keep these two under control, grab them by the short and curlews? That  is the issue! The Liberal Democrat leader was challenged on whether he  would back an independence referendum.

 What I know is there is  an election on Thursday.

.

.

 I think jobs, education and stopping the  others closing down your local police force is more important than  independence.

 The audience in Perth have had their say behind me.

 The  party spin doctors are busily trying to place a favourable  interpretation for their candidate upon the debate but of course, the  verdict which matters, the Berdych which always matters, will come  when the people of Scotland cast their votes on Thursday -- the  And you can see the debate on BBC One Scotland and on the BBC News  Channel after this programme.

 There were four matches in the  Premier League today.

 If you want to know the results now, here they  come.

 The title race is wide open  Scotland beat Dundee United 4-1.

  Substitute Daryl Murphy got the pick of the goals in injury time.

  More than a million people turned out in St Peter's Square in Rome to  see the late Pope, John Paul II, officially beatified.

 Pope Benedict  declared his Polish predecessor, who died six years ago, a "blessed"  of the Roman Catholic Church - the last step before full sainthood.

  Duncan Kennedy was among the crowds at the Vatican.

  St Peter's Square could not take all those who wanted to come, but  they came anyway.

 More than a million people witnessed Pope John  Paul's elevation to the status of the blessed.

 Among the congregation,  President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, given special permission to attend  despite a European Union travel ban.

 Elsewhere, thousands had come from  John Paul's home in Poland.

 The blood of Pope John Paul was offered  up by Sister Marie, the nun who the  judge says was miraculously healed  of Parkinson's disease by John Paul.

 Pope Benedict declared the  beatification over.

 And the faithful responded just as they did  during John Paul's 26 year papacy.

 It is a miracle that I made it to  the piazza.

 It was hard to come, but worth it.

 I am so happy.

 I love  him very much.

 A pub on Paul II certainly had his critics Colombo  but those fears have, for this day, been put to one side.

 And the  pilgrims have come here to witness his transition to sainthood.

 Later,  John Paul's simple coffin was laid out for people to pay their  respects.

 Some say the Pope was flawed, but for most Catholics, he  is now destined to become one of

 Hallow.

 Welcome to South Today.

 In  the programme: Making cuts of their own - the Lib Dems who say they  have had enough of the coalition.

 We have had enough of this.

 We are  not Lib Dems for this.

 This is why I have resigned.

 I just don't agree  with the policies.

 Jail for the arsonist who has been  fascinated with fire since she was a child.

  How could you - reaction to the news that Bournemouth manager has  changed his mind and left the club.

 I feel sick because he said he was  staying.

 He has gone from hero to villain, but that is the weight it  is going.

 And the birthday boy who prefers to  give.

 There's thousands of children around the world who do not have  anything, and we have so much and Lib Dems in the south are counting  the cost of being part of the coalition.

 A total of 500 -- five  Hampshire councillors have left the party in protest, losing control of  one council my head of the local elections.

 The latest to leave are  in Eastleigh.

 The former Lib Dems have set up a new group of  independent councillors.

 At a public meeting today, the Labour  leader Ed Miliband called on more Lib Dems to quit.

 Our political  editor was at the meeting.

 He is here now.

 Is this a turning point  macro for the coalition? Layback in 10 days at the start of  the fight back.

 -- Labour intend this.

 The big question we are  waiting for in the political the AA is, will be coalition survive? We  are watching the grass roots in the Conservatives and Lib Dems, and  this is a sign amongst the Lib Dems of dissent.

  20 years or more of service to the Lib Dems, cast aside as three  Eastleigh councillors deserted their party.

 This was the first  meeting of a new independent group.

 They have designed a logo and will  stand as independent councillors in the May elections.

  We stood down to prove that we do not agree with what has happened.

  Nor does the public.

 But where does the public again? We have sold out  our principles, pledges that were made, not just promises.

  The VAT, the tuition fees, it is all wrong.

  This is in the constituency of one of the most senior Lib Dems.

 They  say Chris Huhne is an absent MP.

 In Winchester, the Lib Dems have lost  overall control of the council after two defections.

 Ironically,  they were to the Conservatives.

 Senior Lib Dems have brushed off  the Lib Dems.

 -- the defections.

 There was not a murmur of complaint.

  And in Brighton today, Ed Miliband was celebrating by election success.

  He is keen to make friends with disaffected southern voters who are  heavily back Conservatives and Lib Dems.

  There is a chance for Labour to advance in the south.

 We are  determined to do so.

 We did it in 1997, and when people think about  what the Lib Dems have done, we offer an alternative.

  We are at the start of a year when the government will steer a  difficult course through the storm.

 But already some are heading for  the lifeboats.

 Peter, if this is the start of a  fightback by Labour, is the South the the best place to start?  They have been given a bounce in the north because of the election,  but you would expect them to do well there.

 In the South, Labour  have been shredded in all previous elections.

 Tony Blair said the  South was the key to his victory in 1997 and Ed Miliband is saying the  same thing.

 He is going to be building support, may be over a  longer period of time.

 He does not expect results straight away.

 But  the fact that he went to Brighton today to start the tour of  listening to people is significant, and we are going to see more before  the local elections in May.

 Thank you very much.

 Peter will be  back in the Politics Show on Sunday.

 A Southampton Football Club player  has been charged in connection with an attack outside a pub which have  a man unconscious and with head injuries.

 Lee Barnard is accused of  assault causing actual bodily harm outside the White House bar in  October last year.

 Two other men have been charged in connection  with the incident.

 An arsonist has been jailed for a  string of attacks in Worthing two years ago.

 Carla Kimber started  fires at or near homes while people were asleep inside.

 Luckily nobody  was injured while the woman -- by the woman who has been obsessed  with fires in she was a child.

 Carla Kimber put lives at risk and  caused thousands of pounds of damage.

 Her arson spree in Worthing  in 2009 started when she set fire to a homeless woman's possessions  while the woman was sleeping next to them.

 She went on to start other  fires, pushing lighted paper through windows or letterboxes.

 At  one home, a man woke to find his curtains on fire.

 At another, a  couple were trapped to find flames coming from dustbins she had set on  fire.

 Nobody was injured.

 Carla Kimber was caught by police on  patrol after they saw her acting suspiciously.

  She did not show any remorse.

 Indeed, she did not seem concerned  about the implications of what she had done and did not grasp that her  actions could easily have resulted in a loss of life.

  Chichester Crown Court heard Carla Kimber had been obsessed with  starting fires since she was a child.

 She had already pleaded  guilty to seven counts of arson.

 She also admitted she started seven  other fires.

 She was given an indeterminate sentence.

 She will  serve a minimum of four years in prison, minus the time she spent on  remand, and will only be released when she satisfied -- satisfy as  the Parole Board that she no longer is a threat to the public.

  She appeared to revel in her crimes.

 She kept press cuttings, and  detectives found police cordon tape at her home, taken from one of the  A Brighton-based book chain has gone into administration, leading  300 jobs under threat.

 British Bookshops and Stationers has more  than 50 stores across the country.

 It is thought the company had  problems with deliveries and that bad weather over the Christmas  period led to a drop in sales.

 Rob Horlock was used to a high-  flying career as a project manager but when he was made redundant he  realise just how hard it can be to find work when you are middle-aged.

  But he did not give up and is now running his own website, called The  Midlife Opportunity, to send out the message that if you are a mid-  lifer, you are not past it.

 Discrimination by age does not  exist in the Enigma but in practice it clearly does.

 -- in theory.

  Age discrimination is illegal, but when Robert lost his job he felt  his job -- is eight was hampering his job search.

 -- his age.

  I may have got some roles that I did not get it by was younger.

  Robert had to think more creatively, of retraining, working from home  and juggling different roles.

 He has now launched a website to help  others.

 What help and advice there is tents  to be focused on younger and older people.

 People in the middle are  nothing at all.

 Robert's story is definitely not  unusual.

 Just last month, the employers' Forum on Age highlighted  that it is middle-aged workers who are overlooked by employers because  they are at their peak earnings and the government's unemployment  figures tell the same story.

 Since 2008, unemployment is up by 33%.

  But if you break it down by age, for 35-64 year olds, it is up by  43%.

 It suggests it is tough out there  for older people, but in one recruit the centre they say they  welcome those in their fifties and sixties.

  We know they are reliable, that when they sit in front of the  client, they will be credible.

 Somebody more picture comes in and  our hearts sink.

 This is somebody who will have a strong CV.

 --  somebody more mature comes in and A council chief has said a much-  loved swimming pool will remain open even though the council has to  bail it out.

 The Pyramids Centre has undergone a major refurbishment  but now the money has run out.

 Managers need a loan from the city  council in Portsmouth to keep it going which could be as much as  £200,000.

 From the outside it may not look  different, but £2 million has been spent on this leisure centre.

 There  is a new gym, spa and children's play area.

 But now the money has  run out and managers are looking to the city council for a loan.

 They  will not say how much but it is thought they are hoping for around  £200,000.

 There is no private gain here.

 It  is a community facility in a community building.

 We have taken  100 members for the gym and spa.

 We have the best opening weekend in  January that the site has seen for many years.

 People want to use the  facility and have a good reason to come here.

 It is a family facility.

  Southsea Leisure's cash flow was hit when an investor will out and a  revamped took longer than expected.

 But now it will soon make a profit,  but with cuts looming, it is a time of tough choices at the council.

  It is an expensive building to run.

 Council budgets are always under  pressure, now more so than ever.

 But people need to know that the  insurers I'm giving is that the Pyramids Centre will remain open.

  Southsea Leisure is confident it will pay the cash back.

 If it does  not get support, and the centre closes, it is the council that will  be left with the refurbishment bill.

 She had waited frantically for 30  minutes for an ambulance after finding her baby lifeless in her  cot.

 That is when Natasha Jones from Brockenhurst decided to do  something to help herself and other parents who may feel unable to help  their children in the event of a problem.

 Now a course showing  parents have to resuscitate seriously ill children has proved  such a success that there is a waiting list.

  A group of mothers learn what it takes to keep a child alive.

 These  mannequins show just how hard they have to work to keep a baby  breathing.

 I felt quite upset because it seems  very real.

 It is just having the confidence  now that I could probably have a go and try to save a little one's life  if it needed it.

 They can make as many mistakes as  they like on these goals.

 They are trying to learn the techniques.

 If  a child is pulled out of a river or swimming pool or stops breathing  and they are in there quickly, they give them a massive increase in a  chance of survival was the -- survival.

  This course is not run by the NHS or by a parent whose and trialled  nearly died when she stopped breathing in the cot.

  She was grey.

 I picked up and she was floppy, like a rag doll.

 Her  eyes rolled back and I knew this was not something for Casualty,  this was very serious.

 Natasha called an ambulance but it  took 36 minutes to arrive.

 The baby was taken to hospital and spent two  days in intensive care.

 She poured through but it was a close thing.

 -  - she pulled through.

 After that Natasha decided to do something and  set up these three quarters.

 We are just asking for a small  donation towards the cost of the course.

 There is many there if  somebody cannot afford to do it.

 It is not about your financial status.

  Natasha had the courses will catch Very popular courses.

 If you're  interested in going on the course, you can get more information of  from the website.

 Stay with us, because still to come  in this evening's South Today, it is all about giving.

 We meet the 11  year-old boy who refuses birthday presents.

 Find out why later.

  First, a lot of sport to get through.

 It is a result as far as  Eddie Howe is concerned.

 I am not sure that Dortmund fans will agree.

  -- the Bournemouth fans.

 After all of the will he, won't he,  he is going.

 He will leave Bournemouth to join Championship  side Burnley after his One hundredth game in charge tonight at  Colchester.

 It will bring to an end a remarkable saga which has been  following all week.

 Just three days ago: Bournemouth  fans were jubilant.

 Eddie Howe was staying.

 There is a good feeling  around the town, it is a good -- it is a joy to be here.

 When he  addressed the plans on Tuesday, it was assumed he had turned down  other offers to leave.

 Within 48 hours, he got an offer he could not  refuse.

 What did the fans think today? A very good manager, but I  do not like the way he said he was staying and next minute he was gone.

  Well, I feel sick.

 He said he was staying and now he has gone.

 Even  the chairman said we have got him for the time being.

 He is.

.

.

 Scum.

  I don't play for him a bit, -- I don't blame him a bit, it is a pity  it has dragged on, he has gone from hero to villain but that is how it  goes.

 -- from hero to villain.

 Attention at Bournemouth will turn  to a successor.

 They will have a tough act to follow.

  Details of tomorrow's local BBC radio commentaries are on screen  now.

 It promises to be an emotional night tonight for cherries France -  - the Cherries fans, with Bournemouth away.

  Both sides of the argument as whether Eddie Howe is right to go  will be united on one thing, he deserves his chance to move on.

 He  has achieved miracles with the Cherries, but their goal now is to  continue their ride up the table and get promoted to the cat  Championship.

 They now have to look to the next manager.

 There is talk  that the boss Steve Bradbury might be put in charge.

  Bournemouth fans will be hoping that losing their manager does not  meal -- mean that the wheels come off the challenge to getting into  the Championship.

 They are third in the table in what is looking like a  South area shoot-out.

 All teams are determined to hang on to their star  players.

 Having assembled one of the  strongest squads in League One, Southampton or face a challenge to  keep the starlets Alex Oxlade- Chamberlain.

 Newcastle and  Manchester United are showing an interest.

 Arsenal are also thought  to be planning a deal to loan him back.

 The Saints' boss does not  want to sell.

 There will be a lot of people coming to watch a lot of  the games that Southampton play, the team is doing very well, it is  not about one person.

 Ever One will be working very hard for each other,  for the team.

 The vision is set and we are on board trying to achieve  it.

 Brighton have seen big clubs are linked with the key men who  have sustained their challenge at the top of League One.

 Striker  Glenn Murray is among them, but the sea gulls are not inclined to lose  star players.

 These things will happen.

 If you play a good style of  football, and strikers after scoring goals, defenders are not  letting goals in, attention will be coming for sure.

 Has almost have  found, keeping talent can be tough.

 -- at Bournemouth have found.

  Spot the deliberate mistake, the first person there was Nigel  Adkins! Aldershot have signed Peter Vincenti from Stevenage on an 18  month deal, and the Reading keeper Adam Federici has agreed a new  contract.

 Dee Cafari and her co-skipper have  had to dodge lightning on their way through the doldrums in the  Barcelona World race.

 Their lives.

 Alex Thomson and his partner had  been allowed home with their baby, who was diagnosed in a heart  condition.

 A Hampshire cricket history was  made last night, they were involved in a Super over finale after the  schools in their latest match about -- in Barbados in the Caribbean  Twenty20 Cup were tied.

 Having lost their first match at  the Caribbean Twenty20, Jimmy Adams showed his intentions.

 Sean Irvine  finished with a final flourish as Hampshire ended on 136.

 He has  confirmed he will leave the county after six years at the end of the  tournament.

 He intends to pursue an international career with Zimbabwe.

  That might not be as a bowler.

 Is One and Only over yielded 21 runs  as the West Indians chased down Hampshire's total.

 This caused  ended tied, and for the first time, Hampshire found themselves involved  in a Super over to decide the winner, cricket's version of a  penalty shoot-out.

 Simon Jones took two wicket as they batted first,  and with a spectator on the edge of his seat, James Vince has hit the  winning run to see Hampshire home.

 It may not have been a packed house  but it was full of drama.

 Hampshire still could qualify for  the semi-finals of that tournament.

 So a super over is like a penalty  shoot-out? They have six balls, if they lose  two wickets, it is over.

 They have to score as many runs as you can.

  Take a look at this photograph, can you spot anything unusual in the  distance? Look very carefully.

 The picture was taken in the garden of  Anna and Paul Bennett in Ashley Heath in Dorset.

 They sent it in  following an appeal on BBC Radio Solent this morning after reported  sides of a white-tailed eagle in the south over the last couple of  months.

 It is a rare occurrence to see them here.

 The Royal Society  for the Protection of Birds, the RSPB, has looked at the picture and  while they say it is very difficult to be absolutely certain, they say  its size and colour of its beak suggests it could be a juvenile  eagle.

 That would be extraordinary.

 Other sightings have been made in  Hampshire this winter.

 What we really want you to do, if you have  seen the same bird, and captured it on film, do let us know.

 We are  dying to know what you think as well.

  So we can all become Twitter as! I thought it might be a red kite,  but I am told it is the wrong colour beak.

  I thought it was a garden ornament! So did I!  I said to look carefully.

 Somebody has said that it is possible that  if it is a juvenile Eagle, it has been blown off course.

  Blame it on the weather! Would idea that he you?  Blame you? -- would I do that to you?  I thought that all clouds had a silver lining, but this one has a  golden lining.

 And a sunny but windy winter's  afternoon at Holton Heath in Poole, We have had a bit of a drenching  first thing this morning, but it has been very mild.

 It has been so  mild, but that has been the temperature this week, that is  where we should be, seven.

 That his average.

 30 tonight, -- 3 tonight,  it will be mild.

 The winds will be the main feature, picking up from a  South when -- if south-westerly direction.

 By the early hours, we  have rain pushing him from the west.

 Temperatures are slipping a couple  of degrees.

 By the morning, we have a little bit of rain.

 The focus is  shifting to the north-west, we will have rain, but more importantly,  strong winds.

 They will be featuring through the morning,  particularly across the south coast.

 Becoming dry by the afternoon, but  largely cloudy.

 The cloud cover will increase in the evening, but  still some drizzle in places.

 This is all because we have the band of  rain trying to edge into our patch by Sunday morning.

 This is what it  looks like on the pressure charts.

 A warm front on Saturday, and the  isobars are very close together.

 A cold front in time for Sunday,  which could cause a problem in Sunday evening and Monday morning.

  Into Sunday, it will be cloudy, and we will see the band of rain pushed  back into Southern Counties, particularly in the south and east,  a good soaking.

 Still in the milder air.

 The rain could still be around  on Monday, it could be significant so we are keeping an eye on it.

  Already, temperatures are on the mild side.

 By Monday, the winds  will switch around to a north- westerly.

 A unseasonably mild for  the weekend but rate around.

 -- but I am going to tell you about an  extraordinary young man.

 When you were 11 years old, you look forward  to present, didn't you? I did, because my birthday is quite  close to Christmas, so I got two lots of presents.

 And only one lot  of thank you letters! 11 year-old Charlie Docherty is a  little bit different, because ever since he was four, he has banned  people from giving him presents and gifts.

 It is all for a very good  reason.

 This is Charlie's birthday party.

  His friends are here and there is a cake afterwards.

 But he will not  find a present anywhere.

 47 years, Charlie has asked friends not to  give to him but for charity.

 This year, he has asked people to donate  to Mary's Meals, a charity that works with children in Malawi.

 Why  does he do it? Have their faces light up, just the sight of a  pencil to do their educating with.

 We get a present and toys and they  do not have anything.

 His mother Julie says it was in a limit --  images of this an army in Sri Lanka which made Charlie give up gifts.

 -  - the tsunami.

 He asked for money rather than presence before his 5th  birthday to help the people on TV.

 It had a big impact on him, I did  not realise until the end -- later.

 He has been consistent and his  friends all support him, it is great.

 Charlie's charity work does  not stop after his birthday.

 He takes part in events like the Mini  mile in the Brighton marathon, and the organiser thinks he is a star  at -- a star.

 They had walked 25 miles to raise money for charity,  and he runs in the races, he is absolutely amazing.

 Do you think he  will keep going? Yes, I hope to.

 One I am older, I will not have all  the birthday presents.

 But I will still do eight Carrbridge sale,  car-wash is like I do now.

 -- car boot sales.

 He has just passed the  £50,000 mark raised in seven years, and he is still counting.

 --  £15,000.

 We are so proud of you, Charlie.

  And to keep going as well, not just give up, Christmas and birthday  presents.

.

.



 Are you confident you got the right  man? I believe the evidence points to him being responsible, yes.

  Hello.

 Revolution in the classroom.

 This  school wins its campaign to go it alone.

 We have been campaigning for  five years to retain secondary education here and we are delighted  to have achieved that result.

 We want to work in partnership with  other schools and the local authority.

  No place to go.

 The MP without an Office blames party politics.

  And why these are driving some of Subtitles unavailable for 8 minutes  Good evening.

 Now news from the  West of the region.

 More people in Peterborough face neglect if the  social care budget is cut.

 That is the warning from councillor who  said he had to help a woman with mental health problems because the  service cannot cope now.

 She lives alone in one room in Peterborough  and cannot walk without help.

 When she was released from hospital she  found she might lose her home.

 She thinks that she slipped through the  net.

 I think they thought that my ex carer was still looking after me,  but he was not in a physical state himself because he had a stroke and  a heart attack.

 She was taken to hospital after collapsing outside  her home.

 The ward councillor has taken up her case.

 He is fearful  for others with more cuts on the way.

 It will get much worse in the  future, so people are going to be sadly and sorely neglected.

 I would  not treat an animal like people are being treated at the present time.

  Peterborough City Council said they could not comment on specific cases,  but that their health and welfare of the resident remained a priority.

  They said that the aim of budget proposals was to protect adult  social care front line services as much as possible.

 This woman has  now been told that a social worker will visit.

 She hopes that she will  now be able to stay in her home.

 Victims of crime in Cambridgeshire  will soon be able to make GP star appointments to talk to police.

 At  the moment police officers routinely visit victims after an  incident.

 From Monday, hour-long appointment will be possible at  four stations across the county.

 need people to work with us and  come and visit us at the police station so that we can't continue  to provide a level of service and reduced costs.

 -- so that we can  continue to provide this level of service.

  Louise Bagshawe MP says she has been promised space in an office in  the council building, but they have pulled out of the deal.

 She has  demanded an explanation.

 Could party politics be preventing  the people of Corby from gaining access to their MP? The County  Council says not, but Louise Bagshawe says they are.

 She has had  a temporary office two miles outside the town centre in a hotel.

  She said that she signed an agreement with the council and paid  a deposit to rent an office from them.

 She says that deal is no  longer on the table.

 We waited for the council to move, then we asked  where our office was.

 There was every kind of excuse, and then I  asked where it was at Christmas time.

 I was told that the Corby  Labour group were having an internal fight and they did not  want to rent to a Conservative MP.

 That is disgraceful.

 This is the  building that she had hoped to move into.

 The council says that their  decision not to locate her here is commercial, not political.

 Corby  Borough Council did not have anybody available interview today  but they offered the statement in which they said that with less  rhetoric and more effort from the MP, they are confident it can be  resolved.

 They said that the people of Corby could then start to  receive the service they deserve from their MP.

 Louise Bagshawe says  that is not fair are helpful and that her hand for a new office will  continue.

 -- her hunt for a new office will continue.

  A public meeting is being held tonight, concerned with development  proposals in and tell for new properties.

 -- and tail.

 It is in  addition to new properties already being built.

 The let's see how we  are able to absorb the new population in housing developments  which are already under way, before we start madly rushing into further  development, that way the bill not overload the schools, the services,  -- we will not overload the schools, the services, and the  infrastructure.

 Student from the Milton Keynes  Music Service have been putting in practice ahead of a major concert  next week.

 They will play alongside the Milton Keynes City Orchestra.

  Six days to go and the pressure is on.

 This is no ordinary after  school orchestra practice.

 In just under one week, these young  musicians will plates shoulder to shoulder with professionals at the  City Orchestra.

 -- will play shoulder to soldier.

 At their helm,  an influential musical director.

 Orchestra's love to play with young  people, because it is thrilling to play it with people that are  discovering music.

 He has conducted them for more than 30 years.

  Learning music is hard work, you are isolated, on your own, having  to practise.

 They really need inspirational opportunities to see  where their aspirations can lie, and to see what they can achieve if  they work hard.

 His it is much more exciting to play for a concert like  this, a larger venue and audience.

 A higher standard.

 Playing with  professional musicians does not happen every day so it is a great  opportunity to be part of a momentous evening.

 The success of  collaborations like this are vital because cuts to arts funding are  taking their toll.

 These are difficult times for music and  musical education.

 This is a powerful statement about why it is  so important.

 If the energy of this reversal is anything to go by, the  future is looking very bright indeed.

 -- rehearsal.

  Now time for the sport.

 Thank you.

 This man is not used to  defeat, but the director of rugby Jim Mallinder has seen his side  lose their last two games in the Premiership.

 They hope to put that  behind them tonight to qualify for the quarter-finals of the Heineken  Cup.

 Saints are playing Edinburgh.

 The beginning of 2011 has been a  wake up call for Northampton Saints.

 Seldom do they lose two games on  the trot.

 But they remain unbeaten in the Heineken Cup.

 They have  Edinburgh tonight, who they have already beaten away from home.

 But  they cannot be complacent.

 Edinburgh are a quality side.

 We  showed them when we went up there that they can play rugby.

 They like  to move the ball, counter attack, and they have good quality players.

  It is a European Cup game, and there are no easy European Cup  games at all.

 If Northampton win against Edinburgh, they will be  through to the quarter-finals of the Heineken Cup.

 Cardiff can do  them a favour if they beat the French side tonight.

 Training has  been edgy tonight, more so than usual, even though Chris Ashton has  been injured.

 The rest of the players want to right the wrongs of  the last fortnight.

 That match kicks off at 8 o'clock  tonight and BBC Radio Northampton will bring you every try and  penalty kick.

 A break from Championship action  for Bedford, taking on London Welsh.

 They are looking to recover from  back-to-back defeats.

 Kick-off is at 3 o'clock.

  If you are a fan of Peterborough, you probably did not think he would  see Darren Ferguson back in Posh colours.

 But his first match in  charge could not be bigger.

 They are taking on League One leaders  Back on his old stomping ground.

 This is where Darren Ferguson  plotted Posh's rise up the Football League.

 Some are old faces and some  are new, but they all have a score to settle against the opponents  tomorrow, Brighton.

 The game was quite a battering.

 We have a  positive frame of mind.

 We know what we have to do.

 The incentives  are there for us.

 Brighton dominated at London Road in October  and the manager threatened to quit.

 This could not be a tougher start  for Fergie.

 There will be enough pressure on me anyway.

 People  should not go mental about it.

 I am just in the door.

 It would be great  if we went there as a group and got the right result.

 Fergie said that  he changed things too quickly during his ill-fated spell at  Preston and he will not make the same mistake at London Road.

 Three  points on the South coast tomorrow might force the doubters to change  their opinion on his return.

 Aside from that match against  Brighton, MK Dons face Tranmere at home.

 Their record is superbly and  they could move into the play-off zone.

  Stevenage's trip to Chesterfield sees them take on League Two  leaders.

 Northampton are just above in 14th spot and they are against  Gillingham.

 There are no bigger names in racing  than Tony McCoy.

 He appeared at Huntingdon, but sadly he did not  win.

 He finished in 8th place in the 3:40pm.

 Not really his day.

  is a nice track.

 I have had plenty

 Good evening, and welcome to BBC  Points West.

 The headlines tonight: The brave night manager who  collapsed after being beaten by masked raiders.

 Captured on CCTV -  The gang who caused his death is sentenced to almost 30 years in  prison.

 Could it be a winter of discontent?  Unions warn of strikes as cutbacks begin to bite.

  Also tonight - the couple made honourary Gurkhas for their work  supporting troops in Afghanistan.

 This is Cotto star, going for his  5th successive win in the King George the 6th chase tomorrow.

 --  Kauto Star.

 We will also meet in the Young pretender.

  Nearly 30 years in prison - a Bristol gang of armed raiders has  been jailed for a robbery which led to the death of a brave and loyal  manager who chased the men after a beating, then to die from a heart  attack.

 Senel Masniz was on night duty at a company in Avonmouth when  he was attacked by the baseball bat wielding gang.

 Our Home Affairs  Correspondent has been following the case.

 15 months ago, 500 and  masked raiders broke into the offices of this catering supplier.

  They were confronted by Senel Mansiz.

 Armed with a baseball bat,  hammers and meat cleavers may attract him.

 -- attacked him.

  Finances, recently diagnosed with a heart condition, gave chase.

 -- SEN  romances.

 It was awful.

 Such a kind, caring man for that to happen to.

  It is devastating.

 The men ran to a getaway car and escaped.

 Tragically,  Mr Menzies collapsed from a heart attack.

 -- Mr Mansiz.

 The court was  told he died due to anxiety and stress, brought on by the attack.

  This was a gang of Kadi criminals that got together to commit this  robbery.

 It had been plans -- planned by a father and son.

 They  armed themselves with meat cleavers and a baseball bat, and a hammer,  and violently attacked a man, who was doing his job, working alone in  the cash office in even mark.

 brave man? A brave man who suffered  a tragic consequence of this criminal act.

 Today, three members  of the gang who have pleaded guilty of manslaughter and robbery were  sent to prison.

 Stephen Sarkozy was jailed for seven years and four  months.

 Getaway driver Benson Randall, eight years.

 Another man,  six years.

 Stephen Sarkozy senior had denied the charges, but he was  found guilty of robbery but not manslaughter.

 He is beginning an  eight-year sentence.

 Throughout, Sarkozy senior's trial has family  show their anger in and outside it -- court.

 He was suspended from his  job at the company one month before the robbery.

 The money stolen that  night has never been recovered.

 The judge said, there is no doubt that  Mr Mansiz died from emotional stress from the beating.

 He went  through a terrifying ordeal.

 For Mr Mansiz's family, justice has  finally been done.

 Plans of the flat where the  murdered Bristol woman Joanna Yeates lived will form part of the  police investigation into her death.

 A spokesman for the City Council  today confirmed that historical planning documents for the building  have been handed over to the police.

 Detectives have refused to comment  on what relevance they may have to the murder enquiry.

  A new mother from Gloucestershire is on a life-support machine after  contracting Swine Flu.

 Leanne Gunnell, who's 21, was taken ill  when she was six and a half months pregnant.

 Doctors put her into a  coma to save her unborn child.

 Faith was delivered by caesarean  section weighing three pounds, and is making good progress.

 But Leanne  has not come out of the coma.

 Her parents say she was never offered a  swine flu jab.

 Friends of the Bristol businessman  who's accused of having his wife murdered on their honeymoon are  insisting he's innocent.

 Shrien Dewani's wife Anni was shot dead in  South Africa in November.

 He's now on bail awaiting an extradition  hearing, which could see him sent back to Cape Town to face charges.

  Speaking for the first time, a family friend says that the Shrien  who's been portrayed in the press is not the man he knows.

 It is  something I cannot get my head round.

 I cannot understand why  people who do not know him can make their own judgment, and they are  making their judgment by reading what is in the press.

 I know in my  heart that this guy is completely innocent.

 Shrien Dewani is innocent,  and that's it, factor.

 And on Monday, a special edition of  Inside Out West will be investigating the murder of Anni  Dewani, and exploring whether Shrien Dewani would get a fair  trial in South Africa.

 That's this Monday, at 7.

30 on BBC One.

  Unions across the West are warning of a growing mood of protest  amongst workers in both the public and private sector.

 They say many  are becoming increasingly angry at cutbacks and proposed shift changes.

  It's led to an increase in balloting for strikes and  industrial action.

 Scott Ellis has been looking into the trouble spots,  and asked the TUC leader for our region if we're heading for a  winter of discontent.

 The banners are hard and the  placards are held high.

 Across the West Country, private and public  sector alike.

 At the Fire Service, unions and managers are on a  collision course.

 Fire fighters currently worth 48 hours over four  dates.

 Under a new proposal, some would receive £5,000 to stay ready  for call-outs for another 40 yards.

 -- 40 ours.

  The stress of being at work for long hours will tell on people.

 It  will tell on family life, it will tell on the community as well.

 It  means they have a completely different approach to their work.

 I  think that that is right to read.

 Managers say they have to save £10  million over four years, and the new shift pattern would help reduce  the number of staff needed, especially in Somerset.

 We have the  same number of fire stations, the same number of fire engines.

 What  we are doing is making our staff systems more efficient.

 It will not  affect public safety in any way.

 There is a struggle at the Great  Western ambulance service.

 Staff have already voted for industrial  action over changes in shift patterns, with managers insisting  it will increase the availability at weekends and evenings.

 Councils  in Swindon and Gloucester had union strikes and talks over pay cuts, as  Chief Executive tried to balance the books.

 In the private sector,  Unite workers at Glaxo SmithKline are being balloted over a pay  freeze.

 Is this another winter of discontent like 1978? The robbers  went uncollected and ambulances went nowhere, as James Callaghan  clashed with the public sector.

 think it would be wrong to stitch  that together and say that this is some sort of the winter of  discontent.

 It would be wrong for employers not to take note of the  rising level of frustration and anger that there is across the  region.

 Unions say that strikes are very much the last resort and hope  that all the current disputes can be settled peacefully, in what are  difficult times for all.

 It is the start of the weekend!  You're watching BBC Points West.

 Still to come.

.

.

  We meet the first arrivals at a special centre in Gloucester.

  Can Kauto win? We hear from two in the know.

 No one has ever won the  King George VI times.

 If it happen it would be fantastic.

 What do you  think? Part of Cheltenham was closed off for most of the day  after a man refused to come off a writ.

 Police were trying to coax  cent from the top of building on the old Bath Road.

 It took seven  hours before he finally came down.

 He has been arrested on suspicion  of assault and is in police custody.

 What do you think?  It's the end of an era for chocolate production in Keynsham,  near Bristol.

 The final chocolate bar - a Double Decker - has rolled-  off the production line at Cadbury's Somerdale Factory.

 The  firm was taken over by Kraft last year.

 Just days later, the company  announced it was closing the plant and moving production to Poland,  ending almost 100 years of chocolate making in the town.

 Kraft  says it's asking staff whether they'd like a reunion later in the  year.

 A couple from Somerset have been  made honourary Gurkhas for their work supporting troops in  Afghanistan.

 For the past four years, Joanne Goody-Orris and her  partner Maurice have been sending supplies and letters to soldiers.

  They've now been told those letters will be preserved at the Imperial  War Museum.

 From a small gesture of kindness,  Jo and Maurice have grown an entire mission devoted to our troops.

 The  retired couple started their crusade when they were told a nurse  wanted baby wipes for the soldiers.

 We got a lovely letter from a  soldier, and he has a drawing of himself under a palm tree, with a  baby wide in one hand! We were so excited.

 Since 2007, the pair have  been finding ways to distribute small parcels to the armed forces  in Iraq and Afghanistan.

 7,000 packs have been filled and sent on  their way from their spare room.

 In return, they've received many  thousand letters of thanks - not to mention a few personal visits as  well.

 There was one Black Watch officer who told me one day, we can  tell you things we cannot tell our mums and dads.

 The Gurkha regiment  hold a special place in the couple's hearts after forming a  relationship with a captain.

 Appreciation from the soldiers came  in a surprising form at a recent dinner.

 They draped all these  lovely silks around us.

 They presented Jo with a brooch, which  she has made into a pendant because she thought she might lose it.

 They  said, you are now honorary Gurkhas.

 It was wonderful.

 And then we  started crying! Their latest accolade holds the couple's hard  work in the highest esteem.

 The Imperial War Museum requesting  their correspondence with the troops to preserve their thoughts  and feelings for generations to come.

  The first baby has been born at a new maternity centre in  Gloucestershire.

 The £29 million unit has taken almost two years to  complete and will look after women who need more complex care.

  Catherine Powell has been to see the first new arrival.

  Meet Edward Blackwell.

 He's just a day and a half old.

 And it's not  just his mother who is celebrating.

 His arrival marks the end of a two  year project to set up a special unit for women and babies, at  Gloucestershire Royal Hospital.

 A hospital is obviously knew.

 -- and  a hospital is new.

 The care is fantastic but everything is new  work.

 It is all fresh and lies.

 Everyone is very excited.

 You can  feel the excitement getting it all working together.

 The Centre will  deal with women from across the county who might need more medical  assistance during labour, and give their babies a bit of extra care if  they need it.

 There's also a centre for midwife-led births here and in  Cheltenham.

 It will make age huge difference in terms of the  facilities available for both normal and complicated pregnancies,  with fantastic, state-of-the-art facilities.

 We are presently in the  it neonatal unit.

 This is an area where we would have intensive care  and high dependency babies.

 We also have special care cots as well.

 We  will be expanding our capacity for those sick babies, so hopefully  fewer women will have to leave Gloucestershire if they have got a  baby that is poorly.

 The new equipment and new arrivals are  still being moved in.

 When it's fully up and running there will be  around 5,000 babies born here every In sport tonight we find out how  our football clubs bring on the next generation, and can the legend  that is Kauto Star make racing history tomorrow.

  It's a highly competitive business as young footballers battle it out  to reach the top and the clubs fight to sign the brightest stars.

  Over the next few weeks are expert Geoff Twentyman looks at how clubs  produce the players of the future in a special new series called  football - the next generation.

 Tonight in his first report, he  looks at how young hopefuls are recruited.

  The banners are out, the placards held high.

 Across the West Country,  public and private sector alike.

 would rather play for fun than  money but I would like to play four or man United.

 I like football  because it's my passion.

 It is the dream for most boys to be a  footballer.

 The recruitment game though is a competitive business.

  Clubs are allowed to sign boys at the age of 12.

 Within an hour's  drive of the training ground.

 12- 16-year-olds can live up to 90  minutes away.

 It is well populated as well as scouts are concerned,  this part of the country.

 You have man Utd, Everton, Chelsea.

 Of  course Bristol Rovers are there as well.

 Saturday and Sunday leagues  are Asgard in the hope of uncovering the next top premier  league player these days.

 Some clubs are more active than others  and of course but just and finance are obviously key factors.

 Boys  cannot be signed until they are nine years of age but clubs  actually work with them at six.

 I think there is a bit too young.

  Expert coaching is good for the ongoing assessment brings genuine  pressure.

 A they are babies, their only six years of age.

 It has come  to kick the ball around.

 We do monitor player's ability at that  level.

 Their touch, balance and awareness.

 At eight years of age,  leaving them to the centre of excellence.

 Bristol City recently  hosted an exercise where they could cast an eye over the region's 11  euros.

 What are you looking for? high level of technical ability.

  Some of the players develop at different ages and we know that.

  We're also looking for the boys who work hard, perhaps not be as good  technically as their team-mates but have that desire and willingness to  work and get better.

 As they get older, then you can put them into  positions on a pitch.

 I know from personal experience that the whole  process can be more taxing for the parents than the one of the  footballers.

 They do get more pressured within the academy system  because every Sunday they have to write things down, how they have  played.

 The coaches are trying to get the best out of the players in  the right way, rather than working at them when they make mistakes.

  the big dream to play in the Premier League? Auld kids dream of  that, don't they? To become a David Beckham.

 As long as they dream  about that, they have a chance.

 Recruitment is the crucial aspect.

  You have the best coaches in the world but if you don't pick up the  right players at the right age, the system will be flawed.

  Geoff will be taking a look at how young players were coached in the  next part of the series.

 Swindon Town have agreed to sell  defender Sean Morrison to championship club Reading who have  triggered a minimum fee clause in his contract.

 It's believed be  around £250,000.

 He will not be available for tomorrow's game  against Yeovil Town.

 The Glovers have made a signing ahead of that  game taking Norwich City striker Oli Johnson for a month.

 He is the  14th player they have signed on loan this season.

 In the  championship, defender Steven Caulker has recovered from injury  and should be fit for Bristol City's home game with Middlesbrough.

  Almost a year after winning gold in the Vancouver Winter Olympics,  Bath's skeleton star Amy Williams has returned to competition.

 She  finished midway down the field in 12th place in the World Cup series  event in Austria, the 5th round of eight races.

 There was another  second place finish for Pewsey's Shelley Rudman, mean she stays  second in the overall standings.

 Yeovil's Donna Creighton ended up  in sixth spot and just hours later in the bobsleigh, Paula Walker, who  you might remember we featured on Monday, maintained her encouraging  start to her debut season as Great Britain's number one.

 She finished  in 9th place.

 Three weeks' delay has only  intensified the excitement as Kauto Star bids to win the King George  Chase for a fifth time.

 The race is second only to the Cheltenham Gold  Cup which of course, Kauto Star has already won.

 It's traditionally  held on Boxing Day but the cold weather put paid to that.

 It will  be held tomorrow and while all eyes will be on the champion, there's a  new kid on the block attracting almost as much attention.

  Back in the yard this morning after his final workout ahead of the big  day.

 Kauto Star and his team seem totally unperturbed by the delay.

  Confident as they can be of a historic and unprecedented 5th  successive win.

 He had an easy week after Boxing Day was cancelled.

 He  is a very easy horse have to queue right.

 It is not a problem to him  at all.

 There is no such thing as a dead a certain hour race.

 We have a  new jockey, Tony McCoy, but I am sure he would do his best.

 He spent  five years following her around Sabino some as well as anybody.

  Even with such a big day tomorrow, it was business as usual for  Nicholls as he sent out another group of horses to the gallops.

  While all the talk is of who can possibly topple Kauto Star, there's  another horse in this year which is well fancied tomorrow.

 He's called  the Nightingale and at eight years of age, could be Kauto Star's  successor.

 He is running in all the top races because he has done so  well as an office.

 We have started him off as a youngster and he is  coming along.

 His from a good family.

 We will know tomorrow.

  it is Kauto Star who has been there and done it - a supreme athlete who  has remained virtually injury-free during his remarkable career.

 On  the track of the gallops, he has shown that despite his age, he is  still capable of performing as a champion.

 His 4th win in December  2009 was impressive as he left the field trailing in his wake but  whether you ask Paul Nicholls or the Nightingale about Kauto Star's  chances, they seem to agree.

 horse has ever won 5 King George's.

  If it happened, it would be fantastic for him.

 What do you  think? A great partnership! Somerset play their second match in  the Caribbean T 20 tonight against the Windward Islands.

 There's  commentary on BBC Somerset and online.

  A 10 year-old girl from Gloucestershire has become one of  the younger students ever to pass a grade eight singing exam, the  highest level that can be achieved.

 Lois Short from Churchtown began  singing when she was seven years old.

 She started then by learning  songs watching videos of them on Youtube.

 If that's not enough, she  can also play the piano and flute.

 She joins us now.

 I know that 10 is  very grown-up that it is pretty young to have passed the exam, what  you love about singing? That you can sing whatever you want, you can  make up songs and that is what I like about it.

 What is your  favourite type of music? I like pop music and jazz music.

 We understand  that Cheltenham Ladies' College have offered you a fool bursary as  long as you pass your entrance exams - that's exciting? Yes.

 I was  absolutely amazed when I heard that.

 Would that be a dream to go there?  Yes.

 You have had to learn some other languages along the way?  had to do add German song, a French song, and Norwegian song and an  English song.

 Where would you like your singing to go, what is your  ambition for the next few years? Hopefully to get a record deal.

  When did you realise that you could sing as well as you can? Well,  because my old school used to acquire, the used to take the year  once and test them out for the choir.

 I got chosen and my dad  listen to me quite a lot and he thought I could just go for with my  singing.

 We'll hear you in a moment.

 It's quite nippy out here at the  moment.

 The cloud has started to break.

 The temperatures have gone  into single figures for the first time this week and we are in for  more rain over the weekend.

 If we take a look at the forecast for the  weekend ahead, basically what we have to look forward to is more  wind and rain.

 That is coming over the next few days.

 Tonight, we are  in single figures are already and the temperatures are going down.

 My  graphics seem to be stuck on the wrong part of the map.

 The rain  fall totals of the last few days, we have seen some significant  amounts.

 Tonight, a band of rain will spread in after midnight,  bringing some rain and a cunning it, increasingly strong westerly winds.

  Gusting up to 40 miles an hour.

 That takes us into the first part  of Saturday morning.

 It's a wet and windy start to Saturday.

 The rain  will eventually Clear, giving way to a dry day but the wind does  remain with us right the way to the day.

 At cloudy picture tomorrow,  mild though with that wind.

 11-12 degrees is the high.

 As we head  into Sunday, more rain is on the way.

 The met Office had issued  weather watches for that rain.

 It will be heavy at times.

 We have  quite saturated ground from the last few days and also some  standing water in the rural spots so that rain could be problematic  on Sunday.

 Winds again gusting up to 40 or 50 degrees.

 -- 40 to 50  miles an hour.

 Wet tomorrow morning, the brain dies away, the winds pick  up and it stays cloudy but mild but the rain is the one to watch out  for on Sunday.

 Next week, there is a change on the way.

 We hold on to  the legacy of bad weather system for a Monday morning, the wet  weather, the windy weather, but that begins to change as we go into  Monday afternoon.

 The air comes

 The  The military  The military takes  The military takes charge.

 Egypt's  army dissolves Parliament, suspends the constitution and says it will  stay in power for six months.

 Tensions again in the centre of  Cairo as the Army tries to move protesters out of Tahrir Square.

  don't want the Army to take over, but just to stand guard and let the  people wait and demand from the Army to execute our demands.

  Prime Minister defends his vision of a big society.

 Critics say it's  a cover for spending cuts.

 Will The King's Speech sweep the board at  Good evening.

 Egypt's ruling military council has said that  following the resignation of President Mubarak it will suspend  the country's constitution and dissolve Parliament and gun  drafting a new constitution.

 The council said it would remain in  power for six months until elections.

 Earlier there were  scuffles as the Army tried to move on thousands of protesters in  Tahrir Square.

 Suddenly, it all erupts again.

 Clashes for the first  time between protesters and the Army.

 This was the demonstrators'  reaction as the Army tried to move them on from Tahrir Square.

 What  really enraged the opposition was the reappearance of police in the  square.

 Much hated because of their role in violently suppressing  theerly yes protests.

 The soldiers look confused and they don't seem  to have clear orders.

 They were trying to squeeze the protesters  into a small area and they made it clear they're not leaving the  square.

 All very different from the scene just a couple of hours  earlier.

 The Army had begun to take control of the square, but with  subtlely and minimum force.

 Some of the soldiers were not even armed.

  There were a few scuffles as the soldiers pressed protesters to take  down their tents.

 But a memorial to the martyrs of the struggle was  left isolated in the -- isolated in the middle of the square as traffic  and apparently normality returned.

 Later in the day, the Army  announced they were suspending the constitution and dissolving  Parliament.

 Dramatic changes, but in a way, just confirmation for  what had already happened.

 For the last two days Egypt has had no  President and head of state, but President Mubarak's appointees do  still hold their posts in the Cabinet which met today.

 The Army  says it's a transitional measure.

 The opposition are bound to be  suspicious.

 Tony Blair said this is a huge opportunity for the whole  region.

 Here in Tahrir Square the protesters have proved their  determination once again.

 They insist they're not going to give up  until they achieve the new Egypt they fought so hard for.

 Christian  Fraser joins us now from Tahrir Square.

 A different day from the  one you were reporting yesterday.

 Yes.

 I think it was a different  mood today.

 Yesterday was one of celebration.

 Today was more about  getting the country back to work.

 Although there is a lot of optimism  here, there is also a great sense of impatience and some deeply  conflicting views.

 After 30 years of a military Government clearly no  defind path of how to get to the keenly elections.

 We saw protests  outside ministries.

 We saw teachers and there were police demonstrating  and also farmers.

 They've learnt how to protest.

 Although they will  be slightly reassured by the military's statement that the  constitution has been set aside and Parliament dissolved, you sense  things will have to happen quickly or frustrations will mount.

 Thank  you.

 Here, the Government has been defending its Big Society idea  against Labour claims that it's too vague and a cover for spending cuts.

  David Cameron said the initiative to give a greater role for  community and voluntary groups, was intended to change the way the  country was run.

 It's David Cameron's big idea to devolve power  from the state to the citizens.

 His opponents say it's a cover for cuts,  but the ministers say it will transform the country.

 All the  political parties agree that deKarren tralising is a good idea  and break the -- decentralising is a good idea, so nobody is knocking  the idea, but we need to put the pieces in place and have a bigger  society, which will replace the big state.

 The Big Society is not just  about encouraging volunteering, but about giving people more  responsibility.

 Patients have a bigger say in their treatment,  parents a bigger say over schools, and charities a greater role in  providing public services.

 In a newspaper today, David Cameron  Some charities and social enterprises like this one in  Liverpool, feel it's failed to deliver.

 Most of the people that  I've been speaking to feel very let down, and they feel it was a great  opportunity missed.

 Not missed completely.

 We could still get back  on track, but we have missed the first nine or 12 months where we  could have really made a difference.

 David Cameron will take the fight  to his critics, unveiling more details of a transition fund for  charities facing cuts, details of how the sew-called bank may work  and how is going to be training some 5,000 community organisers to  help spread the word.

 Because David Cameron has struggled to get across  the idea of a big society, he's allowed his opponents to define it  for him.

 Labour, for example, say it's a cloak for cutting back on  the state.

 A process they hope will lead to the recontamination of the  Conservative brand.

 Less than a year after the Prime Minister  announced this policy, as the big idea of the Tory-led Government, it  is so much in trouble and it is in trouble because of the scale of  cuts that are being inflicted on the voluntary sector.

 The big  society is misunderstood, says the Government, misconceived say  critics.

 Either way, David Cameron says it's here to stay.

 Police are  investigating the deaths of four members of the same family.

 The  bodies of a woman, a boy and girl were found at a flat in  Leicestershire yesterday afternoon.

 The body of a 32-year-old man was  discovered at Watermead Country Park on Friday night.

 The deaths  are being treated as suspicious.

 The Government is considering  lifting the ban on civil partnership ceremonies being held  in places of worship in England and Wales.

 Some religious groups want  to be allowed to carry out the ceremonies for gay couples.

 Robert  Pigott joins me now.

 Robert, is this same-sex marriage under a  different name? Well, we do know that the proposals would probably  include not only the possibility for civil partnerships being  carried out in churches and other places of worship, but also carried  out by a minister or priest or other member of the clergy, so it's  looking pretty much it could be heading in that direction.

  Certainly, the ching has ruled out the -- the Church of England has  ruled out its use of churches, but a lot of liberals in Anglican  parishes like this one in St Martin-in-the-Fields, would welcome  this way forward.

 They would like to give people the chance of a  religious element, a context of making the promises and vows, but  traditionalists are pretty unhappy and see this as the step to out-  right gay marriage and say in the end people would be forced to carry  them out, rather than having the option.

 They say that essential  tenants of Christian teaching is that a mariage can only be between  a man and woman.

 Civil rights partnerships weren't denied to be  like this, were they? No.

 When they were introduced in 2005 they  specifically ruled out any religious content or location.

 They  were designed to give gay people the same protection in their  partnership as was enjoyed by people in marriages.

 They weren't  intended to do that, but it looks as though that was always a second-  best for a lot of Christians and a number of churches like the  Unitarian church and liberal synagogues have been pressing for  the ability to make a more equal treatment.

 Thank you.

 The police in  Nigeria say at least eleven people have been killed in a crush at an  election rally.

 More than 20 others were injured which happened at a  20,000 capacity sports stadium.

 The President has ordered an  investigation.

 South Africa faces a staggering increase in rhino  poaching.

 More than 300 rhino have been poached in the past year.

  Private security firms are now being used to protect the animals.

  Last week, three poachers were killed by Rangers.

 In thick South  African bush a rhino poacher stalks his prey.

 Secretly he's being  tracked.

 This may be a training exercise, but the scenario is very  real.

 Rhino poaching is on the increase and with it the rise in  private security firms safari style.

 This is what they're after, more  than 300 rhino have been poached in the last year alone.

 Killed for  their horn, smuggled abroad as medicine by organised criminal  gangs.

 A typical situation.

 We have the road to the west.

 That is two  kilometres.

 We have cellphone coverage.

 It's a perfect place to  come back and tell their buddies thif got a rhino and meet --  they've got a rhino and meet me here.

 There are better techniques,  but for the criminals the rewards have increased too.

 Rhino horn is  now more valuable than even gold.

 Precious wildlife is under attack  from human predators.

 Conservation now the name of the game.

 Parks are  on the lookout for poachers and with tourism worth more than £6  billion the authorities are clamping down hard.

 Private patrols  have emerged as the latest weapon.

 But with millions of acres of land  to protect, they are stretched too far and this creature remains  vulnerable.

 Sport now.

 France have beaten Ireland in today's Six  Nations championship match.

 Both teams were unbeaten, but the French  just edged it by 25-22.

 It was an entrance full of intent.

 The walk  rather than jog emphasising an Irish determination to put behind  them a woeful me formance in the win over Italy.

 They didn't so much  just start the match ASRAAM page into it.

 Within five minutes -- as  a rampage into it.

 Within five minutes they had scored a try.

  Greater Irish adventure paid further dividends before half time.

  They almost made a mess of their opportunity, but this wriggle to  the line was can firmed as a try by the video referee.

 -- confirmed as  a try by the video referee.

 A simple mistackle here put Maxime  Medard away to give France the advantage once more.

 Ireland came  back.

 Fres sure on the French line allowing -- pressure on the French  line allowing Jamie Heaslip a corner.

 They could have won it but  for a crucial dropped pass in the dying moments.

 Instead, it's France  25-22 winners, who now share with England Grand Slam ambitions.

  Football and Bolton are hosting Everton in the only Premier League  Match of the Day.

 In Scotland, Celtic are now five points clear of  Rangers at the top of the SPL.

 With goals from Anthony Stokes and Mark  Wilson and Daniel Majstorovic sealed their victory over Dundee  United.

 Celtic have gone 16 games without defeat.

 The King's Speech  is expected to dominate this year's BAFTAs being held tonight if London.

  The story of how George VI overcame a stammer with the help of a speech  therapist is nominated in 14 categories, including best film.

  Will is there for us.

 Welcome to a wet red carpet.

 What can only be  described as a quintessential British evening.

 Maybe that's a  good omen for The King's Speech which is a classic British film.

  It's a Royal story.

 My husband is required to speak publicly.

 I have  received.

.

.

 The film that has got everybody talking.

 Full of hot air.

  Isn't that what public speaking is all about? It's been a winner at  the box office.

 Now can it repeat it at the BAFTAs? With 14  nominations has a good chance, but the man who is favourite to win  Best Actor is playing it straight.

 I've been to a few BAFTAs in my  life and I think anything can happen and the competition is  immense.

 You walk in there and it's very sobering just to see the  company you're in really.

 I just think we'll have to see.

 Ballet  thriller the Black Swan is also well poised for a gong or two.

 It  has 12 nominations including best film and best actress.

 Inception  the skyify dream drama is also up for best film and unsurprisingly,  with scenes like these, the special effects award.

 Danny Boil joins Tom  Hooper and Christopher Nolan on the shortlist for Best Director.

 For  his film 127 Hours, an intense drama about a trapped mountain  climber.

 British interest is maintained in the American film The  Social Network.

 Andrew Garfield is up for Best Supporting Actor for  this role.

 He's the co-founder of Facebook in this role.

 Whoever  takes home the trophies tonight, movie goers have already voted with  their feet and they like what

 Good morning.

 The biggest teaching  union, the NUT, is expected to back plans for a series of strikes this  summer.

 Voters are expected to support a ballot in protest to  changes at pensions schemes.

 Our correspondent is live at their  conference in Harrogate.

 Teachers here are on a collision course with  the government over pensions.

 They are angry at changes being wrought  in, and at other major changes due next year and beyond.

 The  Government says all of this is necessary because people are living  so much longer into their retirement, but the teachers here  seemed in no mood for compromise.

 It is the first NUT conference  since the coalition government.

 Teachers are gearing up for  potential strike action over their pensions.

 If they vote yes, they  are likely to take joint action with another union who voted to  ballot on the issue last week.

 All part of the public sector face  increased contributions to their pensions next year and a rise in  the pension age in the future, but the NUT leader says teachers could  be in the vanguard of strike action.

 Teachers are not a special case,  just part of the case.

 The fact is, if we are ready to move towards  action, on the basis of changes to our pensions earlier than other  groups of workers, we are simply the first phase of a co-ordinated  campaign to rebuff these attacks on public sector pensions as a whole.

  This man is at an age where retirement is looming, a 51 year-  old history teacher, and feels let down by the proposed changes.

  means I will have to work for six more years.

 Teaching is not easy at  any age, and being bowled, it means my job will become as an old man  trying to teach young people and it will not be as much fun.

  government insists it wants any changes to the pension system to be  fair and to protect the less well- off.

 It will put forward its  proposals in June but teachers here are in no mood to wait.

 Union  leaders say the earliest they could go out on strike action is June,  although they do say that they will not disrupt the exam period.

 June  is the time when the government is coming forward with more concrete  proposals, so clearly union leaders are sending a warning to government  - if we do not like what you come up with, we will take our members  out on strike.

 A man has appeared in court in  connection with the murder of Constable Ronan Kerr.

 He died  earlier this month when a booby- trapped bomb exploded under his car.

  The 33 year-old man is charged with possessing guns and explosives and  is being remanded in custody for four weeks.

  Collie is have launched a double murder investigation after an  elderly couple were found dead in Wolverhampton.

 They were discovered  last night, but no details have been released about how they died.

  NATO has carried out an air strike in the centre of the Libyan capital  Tripoli overnight, targeting a bunker near Colonel Gaddafi's  compound.

 The Libyan government said three people have died.

 What  sounded like several missiles passed over at around 1am.

 Followed  by explosions and blast waves.

 After the ambulance, a mysterious  mini convoy of cars.

 Senior figures moving locations perhaps? There is  a lot we don't know in this city, but it is clear that NATO is trying  to reintroduce the sense of momentum into its campaign, to  increase the uncertainty in the capital.

 The Libyans took  journalists to what they said was an air strike in the centre of  Tripoli.

 They said it hit a few hundred yards from where volunteer  human shields are camping.

 They are close to the main gate of a complex  of compounds which make-up Colonel Gaddafi's headquarters.

 Defiantly,  they were letting off fireworks.

 The impact was in and out lie in  compound, the size of what seemed to be a concrete bunker.

 The  Libyans said it was a water tank.

 But if it was for water, why was  there thick concrete reinforced with steel? There were two holes 20  yards apart and crates that looked to have contained a weapon.

 Some of  the boxes were still sealed.

 There has been more nervousness in the  last few days amongst regime figures who I talk to.

 There is a  sense of the pressure they are under, the fact they face of a  coalition.

 What they are really hoping for is some kind of  political solution, but at present that is being denied to them.

 There  are planes in the sky at the moment and Libyans are saying we should go  because it is dangerous round here.

  Outside the Chinese ambassador was  there, too.

 It is not easy sometimes in this city, especially  not in competition with the raging certainty of Colonel Gaddafi's  supporters.

 More details have been announced  about the royal wedding guest list.

 Let's go to our correspondent, who  joins us from outside Buckingham Palace.

 Any surprises? I don't know  about surprises but there is one potential diplomatic embarrassment  - the Crown Prince of Bahrain is coming to the wedding even though  today's ago William Hague was talking at Britain's concern about  the way the Bahraini authorities are handling diplomatic protest  their.

 Elsewhere, strong emphasis on members of the armed services.

  There is an invitation to the sister of a young female officer in  the Army, who William knew at Sandhurst, was killed in Iraq, that  was an invitation to the widow of

 catch on the red button or at 7pm  Welcome to Wales Today.

 I'm Jamie Owen.

 The headlines tonight.

  Stabbed nine times.

 Margaret Ford was killed by her son, a paranoid  schizophrenic.

 Mental health agencies admit a catalogue of  failings Anglesey wants to become a centre for renewable energy.

 But  London tells Cardiff, you'll have to pick up the bill.

  A home for what does the Cassano about funding a theatre anyway?  If And, who should fund Fishguard's theatre? The council says the  curtain must fall.

 Also tonight: They've helped save  endangered species.

 The RSPB celebrates a century of watching  over Welsh wildlife.

 And, Glamorgan's new captain gets down  to work.

 But can he heal the wounds from all  those departures? There was a lot of negative  publicity.

 The healing process has already started.

 Beyond that, we  must make sure that the team is Good evening.

 A catalogue of  failures.

 The conclusion of a report into a  man who stabbed his 84-year-old mother to death, after a row about  smoking at the home they shared.

 Jarvis Ford was under the care of  mental health services when he killed his mother, Margaret Ford,  near Narberth in Pembrokeshire almost two years ago.

 Health  Inspectorate Wales say there were shortcomings in his treatment.

 But  his actions couldn't have been predicted.

 Here's our health  correspondent Hywel Griffith.

 It was at his bungalow, on a quiet  county lane, that Jarvis Ford stabbed his mother nine times, and  slit her throat.

 Margaret Ford had been her son's main carer in the  decades since he's been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.

 She  wasn't thought to be at risk, as long as he continued to take his  medication.

 But, by May 18th 2009, Ford stopped and, after a row about  him smoking, he turned on the person nearest to him.

 Ford has  been detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act.

 Today, a  report looked back at his actions, and asked whether the Health  Service could have been done to prevent them.

 It found that Ford's  treatment wasn't robust enough, with no crisis plan in place.

 There  also wasn't enough regard for Mrs Ford, as an 84year-old carer living  with her son.

 But, vitally, despite these shortcomings, the report  concludes her killing couldn't have been predicted.

  In terms, if you look back at the history of Jarvis Ford, one he was  reported to have been abusive to his family and mother, there were  no issues of actual physical violence.

 The other issue is, when  the crisis the solution team visited, he agreed to take his  medication, to follow up visits, there was every indication he was  willing to work with the team to improve his mental health.

 While  the family agrees with many of the findings, they feel more should  have been done to prevent Margaret Ford's death, and her son should  have been hospitalised on the day he attacked his mother.

 That  decision could have saved her life.

 The Local Health Board says they  accept today's findings, but argue that all that could have been done,  was done.

 I accept Mrs Ford was killed.

 The staff at the time were  not able to take different actions to what they had taken.

 If they had,  the outcome would have been different and the report states  that.

 But the actions they were allowed to take, not just the  nurses and the crisis position home treatment team but the approved  mental health professional, the social worker, they could not have  taken any more actions.

 Caring for people with serious  mental health problems in the community has long been  controversial, especially when it depends on patients taking their  own medication unsupervised.

 Many clients are cared for and supported  by elderly relatives and the emphasis is on the word, support.

  It must be ensured that the Keller has a proper care his assessment,  and any risks which are identified are taken into consideration and  planned out.

 Margret Ford's family say they still fear for the safety  of others if Jarvis Ford were ever released.

 They feel the system  still doesn't do enough to protect the vulnerable.

  This report criticises the authorities in Pembrokeshire.

 What  are they doing differently to prevent this happening again?  has been a change in the management of mental health services across  west Wales, there is a new health board.

 However, it brings together  a performer services, they say they have learnt lessons from the case,  and the resource in issues which have cropped up in the report had  been addressed, they say.

 You've spoken to Margaret Ford's family  who are unhappy about this report.

 Yes, I spent some time with them  today, giving them an opportunity to taking the report.

 They did not  want to appear before the cameras.

 But they are disappointed by some  of the things in the report.

 They say their concerns were not  addressed or listened to, as these events were coming to a head.

 They  wanted Jarvis bought hospitalised hours before he attacked his mother.

  They say there may have been warning signs in the months leading  up to the killing, particularly because you try to kill himself  before.

 They think those warning signs should have been addressed.

  Time after time we see cases similar to this, with tragic  consequences.

 Once a week in England and Wales there is a  killing by somebody under the care of the mental health authorities.

  For the most serious cases, people like Jarvis, the question is enough  being done to protect them and their families and people in the  wider community.

 Tragically in this case, it seems not.

 A political row  has broken out over who should pay to develop Anglesey as a base for  renewable energy.

 Today, the UK Energy Minister visited Anglesey  Aluminium, and Wylfa's Nuclear Power Station.

 Charles Hendry said  any money to develop Holyhead Port to make the island more accessible  for renewable energy companies would have to come from Wales.

 Live  to our environment correspondent, Iolo ap Dafydd.

  The idea is that Anglesey could become a so-called energy island,  building up expertise in green energy like wind farms, along with  a possible replacement for the Wylfa nuclear power station.

 To  make that dream a reality, Holyhead Port needs substantial improvements  costing anywhere up to £60 million.

 But who will pay for it? That issue  first came up at the end of last year.

 But today's visit by the UK  Energy Minister pushed it back up the political agenda.

  Good deadline for bids to buy most of the site is in two weeks.

 A  private consortium is known to be keen on setting up a factory to  manufacture a wind turbine.

 That, and deep-water access to Hollywood  -- Holyhead Port, are seen as vital to development.

 Two crucial  components foreign manufacturing base here it is to extend the 24  deep-water harbour and develop a site to attract large turbine  companies.

 But potentially up to £60 million of public money would  be needed for this new infrastructure.

 There is a special  fund to allow ports to make these improvements but today, as the  Energy Minister was shown around, he made it clear money is only  available for English ports and Wales would have to fund  regeneration itself.

 The is as a matter for the Welsh Assembly  Government.

 The Scottish government have done something similar for  Scotland.

 The Assembly Government argues ports are not a devolved  issue and Westminster should pick up the tab.

 I am extremely  disappointed the UK government has announced there will be no money to  develop our ports in view of the fantastic potential we have four  new renewable energy projects.

 It is not a devolved issues so it is  inappropriate for us to manage resources here.

 The UK government  wants one-fifth of our electricity to come from wind, so that and  tidal sources within a decade.

 Anglesey should be well placed to  cash in.

 The obvious that we have a lot of potential with this site and  a link with Holyhead Port.

 While an announcement on the future of the  site could be made next month, details of who would pay to extend  the port are still in the balance.

 Is this a question of money or  politics when it comes to improving the infrastructure on Anglesey?  Probably both is the truthful answer.

 Essentially, with all  budgets being cut, we have an argument whether regeneration is  for local economic benefit in Anglesey and comes under the remit  of Wales in terms of dredging the port, building a new port.

 Or is it  in the British National Interest? It is a political issue.

 We have an  election and a referendum.

 What happens if neither Westminster nor  the Assembly Government find the money to improve Holyhead? As I  understand, there is still hope of a compromise.

 There is a lot of  lobbying and meetings going on.

 The concerns are that, unless you try  to get a compromise from both governments and look for European  money, this project could falter.

 For many people, it is too  important to allow.

 A man accused of murdering his girlfriend was  found dead from a drugs overdose in his cell at Cardiff jail, an  inquest has heard.

 Bobbie Stokoe was killed in 2009, in Pontypool.

  Her boyfriend Daryl Smith, who was on remand, charged with her murder,  had been prescribed one of the drugs which killed him, and was  able to buy other pills from fellow inmates.

  A teenage boy has been killed after being struck by a train on the  Valleys Line near the village of Ynysboeth.

 British Transport Police  say the 16 year old from Abercynon was pronounced dead at the scene  this morning.

 There are no suspicious circumstances.

  A climber who fell to his death in Snowdonia at the weekend has been  named as Stephen John Williamson.

 The 59 year old, from Northop in  Flintshire, plunged 450 feet from a gully above the Ogwen Valley.

 He  was part of a group from a mountaineering club.

  The latest now on the moves to force the leader of Anglesey  Council out of office.

 BBC Wales understands that there will be  "further discussions" later this week on getting rid of Clive  McGregor.

 He's said he'll stand down in May but his opponents are  trying to get rid of him sooner.

 Our political correspondent John  Stevenson is in our Bangor newsroom.

 What's been happening today?  nine it has been about political tactics after the revelation on  Friday revealed on BBC Wales Clive McGregor had decided not to offer  himself for re-election.

 There has been a meeting of group leaders on  the authority to devise a strategy to force him out.

 His intention is  to stay until May.

 The belief amongst his opponents is he should  leave then.

 I also understand there is expected to be a significant  announcement in terms of the Anglesey leadership next week.

 Has  Mr Mcgregor said anything? He has been very tight-lipped.

 We  have had a statement from the interior managing director  emphasising that the work of preparing for transition when that  happens is going on, and there is a determination on the part of all  the groups on the council to work for an inclusive local authority on  Anglesey.

 Still to come on the programme: A century of watching  over Welsh wildlife.

 We'll be talking to the RSPB as they  celebrate 100 years.

 And, we're live with the Cardiff  Devils.

 They're into the record books, after winning their 20th  First, the future of a century old theatre in Pembrokeshire is in  doubt tonight after the county from the end of March.

 Theatr Gwaun  in Fishguard is losing £60,000 a year.

 Supporters of the venue are  now hoping to run it along with the town council as a community  enterprise.

 Arriving at County Hall this  morning, the council leader was made aware of the strength of  feeling about Theatr Gwaun.

 I have a petition which is signed by 82000  people are asking you to keep the theatre open.

 That represents more  than a third of the population of Fishguard so there is definitely an  appetite for the arts in the town but the council says the theatre is  one luxury they can no longer afford.

 The process of prioritising  what are now scarce financial resources between those are  mandatory and those which are discretionary.

 Theatr Gwaun falls  into the discretionary segment.

 That is costing collectively  £60,000 a year in losses to the taxpayer of Pembrokeshire, that  decision was made on the back of those figures.

 Over the years, the  stage has played host to many things including live music,  theatre and cinema screenings but not enough people are coming to see  those performances.

 In a venue which has a capacity of 200, the  average attendance is just 40.

 Supporters of the theatre say the  low attendances are down to bad marketing and mismanagement.

 They  have been in discussions with the council since June to try and find  a solution and they are disillusioned with today's decision.

  All communities need somewhere where they can enjoy performing  arts whether Ethernet -- cinema or live theatre.

 Man cannot live by  bread alone.

 Their souls need nourishment.

 The county council  insists this is not the end of the theatre.

 They have offered the  building to be friends if Theatr Gwaun rate and rent free for two  years to see if they can turn things around but without the money  that has sustained it thus far, the lights may go out for Theatr Gwaun.

  Patients from North Wales will be able to receive treatment again at  the Liverpool hearten just hospital after a row about funding was  resolved.

 -- Liverpool Heart and Chest Hospital.

 Last month they  said they would not be treating patients referred by the Betsi  Cadwalader University Health Board.

 S4C has applied for a review to  change the channel's funding arrangements.

 Last October, the  plan -- the chairman said the plan would have disastrous effects on  the Channel.

 It is the country's largest  wildlife charity and it is 100 years since the RSPB first started  looking after Welsh birds.

 It all started with two people on Anglesey.

  Now RSPB Cymru manages 18 nature reserves.

  There were not many birds to be seen on the south-west coast of  Anglesey today, just a few hardy kite surfers but this is where the  RSPB's work in Wales began and it was all because of a small  population of roseate terns.

 were looking for someone who would  be able to look after the birds and collects information about the  population sizes.

 This job fell to Mr William Jones and his wife,  Elizabeth.

 Mr Jones was the chief pilot and they became RSPB's first  employees in Wales.

 We are going to make a special cake for some birds.

  It is a very different organisation these days.

 The RSPB fuse education  as one of its most important jobs.

 The last century has seen some  notable successes.

 There are now 500 breeding pairs of kites here in  Wales.

 Then there is a massive gannet colony which must surely  count as one of Wales'' wildlife spectaculars.

 RSPB Cymru has come a  long way from the humble beginnings 100 years ago.

 It now has a network  of 18 reserves across Wales.

 This colony attracts 100,000 visitors a  year.

 But there has been controversy as well.

 The RSPB's  decision to back a cull of ruddy duck, an American species, caused  some people to leave the organisation.

 Now it is facing new  challenges in a new century.

 There will always be up Sandown's and  changes.

 What is important is we have to make the conditions and  habitats as good as possible.

 friend for Welsh birds and from  those two employees on Anglesey, now an international lobby group.

  The beer ice hockey side, the Cardiff Devils, are celebrating and  breaking records.

 Tomos has all the sport.

  The juniors are training here tonight.

 We could be seeing the  stars of the future.

 If you are a Cardiff Devils fan then life is  pretty good.

 The team keeps on winning.

 They have won 20 matches  in a row which is a league record.

 They beat the Dundee Stars at the  weekend.

 We will be chatting to some of the players and coaches in  a moment.

 First, cricket because Glamorgan have appointed a new  skipper, he is South African Alviro Pietersen.

 He said the controversy  around the appointment has made him more determined to be a success.

  The coach Matthew Maynard resigned last year after Pietersen was  appointed behind his back without his knowledge.

 We can get the  latest from Our sports reporter who has been meeting the new man at  Glamorgan.

 The tis a difficult job but the  best of times but the circumstances surrounding Alviro Pietersen's  appointment as Glamorgan captain could not have been any worse.

 The  coach resigned as a consequence but the South African Test batsman says  he is determined to create a positive impact and he made a  flying visit to Wales this weekend.

 Odyssey, there was a lot of hurt  and negative publicity around.

 I think the healing process has  started.

 We must take the process forward and even beyond that, make  sure the team is successful.

 He has held meetings with the county's  players this weekend including Tom Maynard he says he wants to leave  because of the way his father, the former coach Matthew Maynard, was  treated.

 It would be nice to have Tom here but if Tom is on board it  must be 100 %.

 I have met with him and I have indicated to him and he  knows that if he wants to stay he must be 100 % committed to the club.

  The ball is in his court.

 He must decide if he wants to be here.

  Pietersen's appointment came out of the blue.

 Many Glamorgan found had  not heard of him before.

 He is 30 years old and from Port Elizabeth  and just enjoyed the best deal of his career.

 He has played nine  Tests and 14 one-day internationals for South Africa, making a century  against India on his Test debut last February.

 He has captained  experience as well leading his province until his recent promotion.

  The only has a one-year contract at Glamorgan but he is already making  an impact.

 Results will ultimately decide whether his appointment  Wolves - that was the right move.

 The work of rebuilding Glamorgan is  beginning here.

 A new coach is likely to be appointed in the next  couple of days.

 I can bring you up to date with  some rugby news and it is not good news for Wales ahead of the Six  Nations because Gethin Jenkins has been ruled out of the tournament.

  He will have an operation on his toe on Wednesday.

 He will be out  for about 12 weeks.

 Football now and both Swansea City  and Cardiff City have missed out on some glamourous ties in the FA Cup  fourth-round draw.

 Swansea City will face Leyton Orient after  beating Colchester 4-0.

 Manager Brendan Rogers is looking to bring  in a new defender after captain Garry Monk left the field with a  knee injury.

 Cardiff City drew with state.

 Michael Chopra scoring  against the Premier League side.

 Doncaster awaits the winners.

  More now on the ice hockey and that amazing run.

 20 games, 20 victories.

  A run that stretches back to October.

 We can chat to the captain.

  What is the secret? I think we are all having fun playing hockey right  now and we have a lot of character guys in the room and that has made  a big difference.

 A lot of guys have won championships before and  everybody is here for the same thing and the three trophies that  are up for grabs.

 We have got some overseas players being brought in  as well as some home-grown talent.

 You went to hockey school in the US  and Canada, or was that like? was a great experience.

 It is the  number one experience -- the number one sports they are surrounded by  247.

 It was really good.

 bringing that experience back here.

  Thank you very much indeed.

 We can track to Gerard Adams.

 The juniors  are behind you there, what is the game like in Wales, what is the  strength of ice hockey in Wales? think the strength is in members.

  Five of our six British players are born and raised in Cardiff.

 Over  the last couple of years the coach has done a fantastic job.

 We are  starting to push some league players three.

 Thank you and all  the best for the rest of the season.

 I can tell you it is pretty chilly  as you would expect here at the ice rink.

 It is pretty cold outside as  well.

 How is it looking? Around freezing inside but outside  temperatures reached eight Celsius in many parts.

 After all the snow  and ice we have had this winter, it is back to normal this week.

 In  other words, milder but wet and windy at times.

 South-westerly  winds bringing plenty of moisture and rain in from the Atlantic.

 By  the end of this week, we could be talking about some flooding.

 We  have all had some rain today, some heavy bursts accompanied by strong  two goals 4th -- gale force This evening, the rain will move  away.

 Some lighter spots of rain and drizzle overnight.

 Wind easing  away overnight.

 Tomorrow's chart shows the low pressure in the North  Sea.

 A ridge of high pressure following with more fronts  approaching Ireland.

 Tomorrow is an improving story, a dull and damp  start but during the day it will gradually dry and brighten up.

 Top  temperature 6 or 7 degrees Celsius.

 A north-westerly wind backing  south-westerly during the afternoon and falling light.

 Tomorrow evening  will start of dry but it will not last.

 More rain across the country.

  Make the most of the drier weather tomorrow.

 Tuesday will be the best  day of a bad bunch.

 The rest of the week is milder but wet and windy at  times with a risk of flooding by Saturday.

 Don't forget that  Weatherman Walking is on tonight and there will be two fantastic  walks on Southdown and Pembrokeshire.

 That is all from me.

  Good luck to the Cardiff Devils.

 Thank you.

 Tonight's headlines from  the BBC.

 President Obama has led America in a minute of silence to  remember the victims of the mass shooting in Arizona.

 Six people  died and an American congresswoman

 girl died from swine flu.

  Welcome to Wales Today, I'm Sian Lloyd.

 The top stories tonight:  The future for an opt-out system for organ donation is under threat.

  The UK government says it may be illegal.

  Wales and Cardiff City striker Craig Bellamy is arrested over an  alleged assault on a night out.

 And a rush to get the jab -  pharmacies say the flu vaccine's running out.

  Could these new homes have to be pulled down? Opponents take a step  closer to getting the land designated a village green.

  And walking with the wounded - injured soldier Steve Young  prepares to head to the North Pole on expedition with Prince Harry.

  Just long periods on the hills, walking with no weights, pulling  tyres on a hard us, trying -- I got Someone dies every 11 days waiting  for a transplant, according to the charity Kidney Foundation Wales.

  But a move by the Assembly Government to drastically increase  the number of organs available for transplant is in question tonight,  with a big political row brewing between Westminster and Cardiff Bay.

  Politicians here wanted powers to change the law towards a system of  presumed consent.

 But the Attorney General in London has said it may  not be practical to have a separate system in Wales.

 Caroline Evans  reports.

 I have got medication for blood pressure.

 I have got steroids.

  Jamie Ferguson has had three kidney transplants and is waiting for a  fourth.

 It would mean another chance for a normal life  andpresumed consent, he says, is golden opportunity to make that  happen.

 -- and presumed consent.

 lot of people out there at the  moment don't carry a card.

 They say they know someone who is on  dialysis, I think I will carry a card, but they never get around to  doing it, they never get that card.

 So these people who do want to  donate organs will suddenly become available.

 It will just make it a  lot easier for everybody.

 But today, the minister behind the proposals  to change the law - so we'd all be organ donors unless we object -  revealed there could be a stumbling block.

 I have just been informed  that we were sent an e-mail from the Wales office at 1416 today,  with details of the UK government's concerns, and it would not be  sensible for me to comment further on that matter and to we have  considered the issues in detail.

 -- Until.

 The so-called "soft op-out"  is meant to make it easier for the medical profession to get hold of  organs and treat more of the 500 people currently waiting for  transplants.

 If the proposals were enforced, it would mean every Welsh  resident would be presumed to be a donor, unless they've joined an  opt-out register.

 The only exceptions would be if they can't  be identified, or if their address isn't known.

 The system also allows  for close family members to object, or for them to prove that the  wishes of the deceased have changed.

 News of the Attorney General's  concerns were met with anger in the Chamber.

 I am perplexed by  overnight to report that such a move is potentially seen in London  as being outside the scope.

 Perplexed and not a little angry.

  It seems that such a London misgiving it could be applied to  anything whatsoever.

 There were strong words too from campaigners  supporting the change.

 It may be a last-minute attempt to sabotage.

 We  hope not, it would be rather disappointing, but we see it as  being buried legal, and if Westminster or Whitehall chose to  challenge that, we would challenge their view.

 It's an emotive issue.

  Despite powerful campaigns like this, many believe presumed consent  is the wrong answer.

 In 2008, the Assembly's own Health Committee  decided against supporting a change in law and there remain those who  strongly object to the idea.

 It is a con-trick, basically.

 And to talk  about the donation in the same breath as presumed consent is  ridiculous.

 Donation is a gift, it is a generous gift.

 This is  requisition.

 But for the moment, the Assembly Government is pushing  ahead with the idea.

 Our Welsh Affairs Editor Vaughan  Roderick is at the Senedd.

 You told us last night that the plans could  be in trouble.

 That seemed to come as a shock to Assembly Members.

  An absolute bombshell.

 We understand that the First Minister  was told in a meeting with the secretary of state on Monday night  that there could be difficulties, but the bulk of Assembly members  only heard there were problems on last night's Wales today.

 That  explains some of the anger in the Chamber.

 They say they have been  discussing this for years, their own legal advice says it is fine  and suddenly out of the blue, just minutes before she is on her feet,  the Health Minister gets an e-mail telling her there are problems.

 1 A  m said to be there is a total lack of respect for the views of the  members here in Cardiff Bay.

 So what is the UK government  saying? They are saying do not make a  political issue out of this, do not blow it up as a political farce.

  The Secretary of State herself introduced a measure very similar  to the Assembly measure in Parliament back into a 1002.

 It is  not that she has personal objections to this, it is just the  process.

 It has to go to the Attorney-General and the Attorney-  General has concerns.

 They are saying they are doing everything  they can to allow the Assembly and Parliament to discuss this, but the  process has to be followed.

 Is it likely to be resolved?  It is difficult to say.

 The clock is ticking.

 We are coming up to  Assembly elections that they could be a change in the system with the  referendum that comes in March.

 Even so, I think this could well  end up in the courts.

 It is certainly not going to prove in  face -- as smooth a fashion as some ministers in Cardiff Bay had been  hoping.

 Wales and Cardiff City striker  Craig Bellamy has been arrested by police investigating an alleged  assault in the centre of the city.

 The player was taken into custody  after two men were injured in the centre of Cardiff in the early  hours of Sunday.

 The men, aged 20 and 26, sustained facial injuries.

  Bellamy, who's 31, has been bailed pending further inquiries.

 Cardiff  City say the striker will be in their squad for the game at Norwich  City on Saturday.

 BBC Wales has learnt that flu  vaccine supplies at two of the biggest pharmacy chains are running  out, after unprecedented demand from customers.

 It follows a  shortage of NHS supplies across many parts of the country last week.

  Doctors say they hope the worst of the flu season may now be coming to  an end.

 Here's our Health Correspondent, Hywel Griffith.

  First it was the NHS.

 Now it seems many of our pharmacies are also  running out of this stuff.

 The winter fluu vaccine has been  available commercially for months, but in the last two weeks, there's  been a rush to buy.

 After the surge in numbers of  people suffering from the flu, there was not surprisingly a  surgeon people asking for the vaccine.

 Not only at their GP  surgery, but also at pharmacist.

 At this store, they have just run out.

  Lloyds Pharmacies say their stocks in Wales have now run out  completely.

 Boots, who have over 100 stores here, say their supplies  are heading the same way.

 We have used up almost all of our stock.

  Mainly in vaccines for private patients, but also we have been  working with the health board locally, with GPs who have been  running out of vaccines.

 They have been writing prescriptions and we  have been supplying them, and that has pretty much exhausted our  supplies.

 The number of people actually suffering from flu seems  to be stabilising.

 The latest figures show that last week, there  were 92 GP consultations per 100,000 people in Wales.

 -- 93.

 A  small increase, but not the jump some had feared.

 Going forward, we  have had two or three weeks of this, and we might be able to expect that  we will be turning the corner before too much longer.

 What I hear  on the ground, informally, what is not yet reflected in the figures,  is that there is some sense that in many parts of the Wales -- of Wales,  the worst has passed.

 But not over yet.

 And that includes dealing with  the consequences of the illness.

 Some GPs are seeing it lead to more  serious problems.

 We are seeing more patients coming through with  complications from having had flu, such as chest infections, really  quite unwell patients.

 But on the whole, the flu seems to be settling  down.

 For patients still seeking vaccination within the NHS, there  is now the offer of the swine flu vaccine, stockpiled since the 2009  epidemic.

 Doctors say it will help protect those most at risk.

  A palace GP who was suspended from practising medicine for a year has  had her ban lifted by the General Medical Council.

 Dr Sarah Myhill,  who specialises in alternative treatments, was told she could  pursue -- resume practising subject to a number of conditions.

 The ban  came after several GPs claim she treated a patient in appropriately  in 2009.

 A man who admitted failing to stop  after his car collided with a teenager on a sledge, who later  died, has been jailed for a year.

 Alwyn Smith did not have a driving  licence or insurance when the incident happened in Tredegar.

 He's  been banned from driving for two years.

 19-year-old Anthony Farley  was using a plastic sheet to slide down a roadside bank when he was  killed.

 The Labour MP for Newport East has  asked the Prime Minister for assurances over the future of the  passport office in the city.

 Paul Flynn warned David Cameron about  the effect the proposed closure would have on the people involved  and on the economy of Newport.

 know how important the Passport  Office has been to Newport and how many jobs it has provided.

  Obviously, we want to see diverse economies across the country and  that is what the regional growth fund is there to achieve, in terms  of areas that are threatened with public sector job reductions.

 I  will look at the specific question he asked and make sure he gets an  answer.

 David Cameron Meyer.

 -- there.

  One of Your Stories now, and for more than 50 years, the community  of Caerwent in Monmouthshire has been using 12 acres of open land as  its village green.

 But when Barratt Homes was given permission to build  a housing estate on the site, the bulldozers moved in and  construction work began.

 Now, a public enquiry has recommended that  the green space should be protected.

 But local campaigners aren't  celebrating, because Barratt has decided to take them to court.

  Carwyn Jones has more.

 This was where Anne Marie Spooner  used to play as a child.

 Ten acres of open fields in Caerwent known as  Merton Green.

 It's now a building site.

 Three years ago,  Monmouthshire County Council gave planning permission for houses to  be built on the green and later that year, Barratt Homes bought the  land for £10.

6 million.

 The diggers moved in and the area was flattened.

  Behind me here, there was an area which was very well loved by the  children.

 It was called the Ditches, and the children used at that to  make ends, to ride their bikes.

 It was a wonderful area.

 Lots of trees  which you can no longer see, they have gone.

 So it is very sad, it is  completely different now.

 It was only when villagers saw Barratt's  plans for the site that they realised that virtually all of  Merton Green would disappear, replaced by a huge housing estate.

  Although they had read about Barratt's proposals of 145 and then  132 houses, it was only when they saw it that there -- that they  realised what was going to happen.

 Members of the community formed an  action group and put an application in to the council, arguing that the  land should be given village green status and protected against  further development.

 But by this point, Barratt had already started  building some of the houses.

 Last autumn, an independent public  enquiry was held in the village and it was recommended that  Monmouthshire County Council register the land as a village  green.

 Monmouthshire -- Monmouthshire County Council will  make a final decision next month, but there is a twist in the tail,  because baritones are now taking local campaigners to the High Court  to overturn that a village green status -- Barratt Homes.

  Monmouthshire County Council will also be in court.

 Barratt Homes  If Barratt Homes loses its case, it may have to demolish these houses  and put the land back as they found it.

 Meanwhile, Monmouthshire  Council say alternative housing land in the area will eventually  have to be found, one way or the other.

 As for Barbara and Anne  Marie, they'll be in court next Tuesday, fighting to save their  If you have got a story you want us Half a look at this.

 It is the  forecast for this evening.

 As a result of today's grain, flood  alerts are in place over the country.

 The Environment Agency is  urging people to be prepared for flat.

 We can speak out to the  Environment Agency.

 What is the situation?  We had heavy rainfall across parts of Wales Today.

 The river levels  are swollen in many locations particularly the South.

 The  unfortunate news is the heavy rain will continue over the next few  days.

 River levels may arise more.

 Where is going to be worst hit?  worst of it will be in the south of Wales especially in the South Wales  Valleys.

 We're keeping a close eye on the Neath Port Talbot, Bridgend  and Swansea areas.

 What is the advice to people?  Be vigilant, be aware of the rising river levels.

 Very dangerous to go  near the river levels.

 If you are concerned, there are few ways how  you can find out advice.

 You can look at aware website.

 Tripe in  Environment Agency on any search engine.

 -- tie-pin.

 There is a firm  number people can dial.

 There is plenty more to come  between now and 7pm.

 Keeping Wales on our stamps.

 An MP fears changes  to the postal service could leave Oh well scarred to was wounded in  Afghanistan will be trekking 300 miles to the North Pole for charity.

  He could be joined by Prince Harry.

 Sergeant Steve FE and was told he  would never walk again after breaking his back in an explosion  in Afghanistan.

 Trekking hundreds of miles in  freezing conditions would be a challenge for most of us but for  these four men it will be even tougher.

 They are all injured  servicemen aiming to raise £2 million by making the 200 mile  journey to the North Pole.

 Among them is Sergeant Steve yen from  Tonypandy.

 18 months ago he broke his back after the vehicle he was  saying was blown up by eight improvised explosive device in  Helmand Province.

 He spent nearly five months can find to a hospital  bed and underwent physiotherapy at RAF St Athan.

  They told me I would walk with crutches.

 They said within 18  months.

 But here I am 18 months later walking to the North Pole.

  The Welsh Guard was selected from 100 applicants, two of his fellow  servicemen on the expeditions are amputees.

 There is also a chance of  a very special royal guest.

 Prince Harry hopes to go with them for  part of the journey.

 It would be good, it would be nice  to have come a long on the trip.

 The team have been training for  more than eight months.

 They have been working hard at home and on  trips to Norway to get them used to the Arctic temperatures.

 To make  things just that extra bit difficult, they will Paulus lead  weighing 100 kilos.

 Training has been difficult because  I can't carried weights.

 I can't carry a rucksack.

 I have had to  adapt my training slightly.

 I do long periods on the hills pulling  tyres on harnesses.

 I get some strange looks back home!  The group and now counting down the final few weeks before they set off  in March and begin one of the most gruelling journeys they will ever  make.

 As the issue of bankers bonuses  tops the political agenda, the Archbishop of Wales will give us  these deceiving saying they should behave in a more moral and ethical  way.

 Dr Barry Morgan's comments come as it is reported that the  boss of Lloyds Banking Group is in line of a bonus of about £2 million  this year.

 A little earlier I spoke to Dr Morgan.

  The Harvard business School has suggested that businesses should  have in both, an NBA oath just as doctors have the Hippocratic oath.

  Businesses would have to sign up to ethical practices, they would take  care of their employees, shareholders, the environment.

 They  would have to tell their customers the truth, the tax authorities and  things like this.

 The hope then his business practices would improve.

  250 business schools across the world are interested in the idea.

  You are backing that? absolutely.

  It would be a good thing to happen.

 We live at the minute in a country  where there are lots of unethical practices in lots of industries.

 I  think this oath would remind people that in fact who we are and how we  conduct ourselves really matter.

 The profit motive is not everything.

  I used same bankers should not get bonuses? -- are you saying.

  Bankers received £7 billion in bonuses this year.

 There is  something wrong with that when first of all the banks nearly went  to the wall and had to be rescued by the taxpayer, and secondly, we  are in the middle of a recession and lots of people are losing their  jobs.

 Some are having their salaries frozen.

 It seems very odd  that bankers don't see the connection, don't see the wider  picture that they are prepared to take bonuses at the time such as  this.

 You have a business audience this  evening, how would you think it will go down with them?  I have no idea! They asked me, they asked for an outsider's view.

 That  is what they are going to get.

 New Wales manager, Gary Speed, has  welcomed the prospect of a one-off return for the home nations'  Championship.

 He was speaking at the launch of a new sponsorship  deal between the FAW and Vauxhall.

 The way football is at the moment  at club level I think the less travelling there is for friendlies,  the better.

 Those games would be more competitive.

 Hopefully the  clubs will be more willing to release the players for those games.

  Dean Holdsworth has been confirmed as the new manager of league two  side, Aldershot, after leaving his post at Newport County.

 Holdsworth  led the excess to promotion to the Blue Square Premier last season and  despite a defeat to Tamworth last night, they remain in the play-off  places this season.

 Fears over the future of postal  services in Wales and of the future of the distinctive Welsh stamp have  been raised.

 Plaid Cymru's Westminster leader, Elfyn Llwyd,  has called for measures to the bottom place to ensure that Wales  remains represented on stamps.

 It has been on our stance for more  than 50 years.

 Many feel the Dragon, a symbol of Wales, has given the  country a postal identity.

 These regional stands were the first to  include Welsh emblems.

 Not just a dragon but a leak.

 Plaid Cymru are  concerned are plans by the UK Government to privatise the postal  service could see these images disappear.

  There is no guarantee that stamps will be prepared and published  especially for Wales, for England and Scotland.

 I am sure that a  commercial concern would not be bothered about the design of stamps.

  These Dragons stamps are still proving popular with customers at  this post office in Denbighshire.

 A lot of people ask for our stamps.

  They are not too keen on the second-class ones because they are  dull.

 The first class was are fantastic.

  It is not just the first class was that have been -- proved popular.

  There have been Memery packs such as the investiture of the Prince of  Wales in 1969 took 400 years of the Welsh Bible, and there was a  special stamp brought out for JPR Williams to mark 100 years of the  WRU.

 The introduction of Welsh symbols  on stands in 1958 was a very good example of the new sensitivity to  the status of Wales.

 Scotland and Ireland as well.

 The UK it is made  up on the separate nations.

 They assurances have been made that  the Queen's head will remain on stamps and people here want the  well some was to remain as well.

 If you were going to have regional  stamps retaining the Dragons is sensible.

 It is the Welsh symbol.

  Wales for Wales.

 This commemorative plaque was issued yesterday.

 A few  strings will have to be appalled if they were a symbol is to survive on  the stamps.

 -- will have to be pulled.

  Derek has the latest weather I am batting against the wind and  rain this evening.

 The river behind me is very swollen and dangerous.

  It has been rising all through today.

 It is carrying bits of  debris, would answer branches.

 Most of the rain today has been falling  in the south and west.

 We have Met Office Severe weather warnings at  the moment.

 The radar picture shows the extent of the rain today.

  Heaviest in the south and west through powers, Ceredigion and  Gwynedd.

 -- Powys.

 As we heard from the Environment Agency earlier on,  the rivers are on the rise.

 16 flood alerts in force on that  number is set to rise.

 This is the flood line number.

 We start of  where this evening, more heavy rain.

 Serving lighter overnight.

 --  turning lead to.

 The marches will remain driver stuck lowest  temperatures 10 degrees Celsius stop the reason for the rain is an  active weather forecast -- whether.

 Further outbreaks of rain tomorrow.

  Most of it in the south where it could be heavy at times.

 For  Midlands and North, dryer than today.

 Flintshire and Wrexham might  see some sunshine.

 The focus of the heavy rain tomorrow may be in the  Swansea, Neath, Bridgend a areas.

 16 mm of rain here.

 There is some  respite for Friday.

 The rain will Clear away with a few showers  remaining.

 There is more rain to come over the weekend.

 Sunday will  be wet and windy but it should turn dryer and brighter during the  afternoon.

 There is plenty moraine to come tonight and tomorrow.

  Heaviest in the south and west.

 A reminder of the third line number  A reminder of tonight's top stories.

 A move by the Assembly to increase  the number of organs available for transplant is in question tonight.

  The UK Government says they presumed consensus could be illegal  an incompatible with the Human Rights Act.

  Wales and Cardiff City striker, Craig Bellamy, has been arrested by  police investigating an assault in

 threaten to walk out over planned  Government changes to their pensions.

 If a strike goes ahead,  almost every school in England and It absolutely does look inevitable,  but there is still a period of time to go, and we will engage in those  negotiations in good faith if they are genuine negotiations.

  12 dead as Syrian security forces fire on mourners burying those  killed in yesterday's bloodshed.

 And John Sullivan, who created Only  Fools and Horses, has died.

 We remember the man and his magic  touch for comedy.

 Play it nice and  cool, son, nice and cool.

 You know  Good Evening.

 Teachers are to consider strike action in protest  over planned cuts to their pensions.

 Delegates at the National Union of  Teachers' annual conference voted almost unanimously in favour of a  ballot over strike action, which could mean disruption for almost  every school in England and Wales.

 Our education correspondent Reeta  Chakrabarti reports.

 The NUT has become the second  teachers' union along with the ATL, to move to ballot for industrial  action.

 If both unions do strike, it could mean virtually every  school in England and Wales is hit this summer.

 Today's vote, an  overwhelming yes, means teachers could be the first public sector  workers to walk out over pensions.

 The NUT leader was in no doubt that  strikes will go ahead if the Government doesn't compromise.

  I'm afraid that from where we stand at the moment, if there is no  movement from Government, it absolutely does look inevitable.

  But there is still a period of time to go, and we will engage in those  negotiations in good faith if they are genuine negotiations.

 All parts  of the public sector - not just teachers - face increased  contributions to their pensions next year and a rise in the pension  age in the future.

 Good morning, year 11.

 Drama teacher Jo Letson  would support a strike.

 At 29, she's early on in her teaching  career, but the pensions issue has her seriously considering her  future.

 It's come to pint now where all of these changes have come in,  and it's made me rethink whether or not I want to be a teacher because  now they're saying if they do what they're planning, which is to raise  the pension age - they were talking about 65.

 Now they're saying  68yeers of age.

 That's another 39 years of teaching.

 The Government  says it wants to work with the unions, but changes are essential  because people are living much longer.

 The union says it sees no  evidence teachers' pensions aren't affordable.

  The earliest time strikes can take place is June, although not during  the exam period.

 That is also when Ministers are due to come back with  more concrete proposals.

 The warning from union members is clear  - they're ready, if their members are, for strikes.

  Security forces in Syria are reported to have shot dead at least  12 people at funerals of anti- Government protesters.

 Shooting was  reported in several cities including Damascus.

 Our diplomatic  correspondent James Robbins reports.

 Mobile phone pictures of what  seemed to be victims in Daraa today.

 Reports say police later opened  fire on this gathering, but there is no sign of protesters giving up  demands for democracy in the face of mounting violence against them.

  More images from protesters have emerged of yesterday's shootings.

  Despite efforts by the Syrian regime to stifle coverage and blame  the violence on what it calls "armed criminal gangs.

" Now two  members of the Syrian Parliament representing this city say they're  resigning in protest at the bloodshed in their country.

  TRANSLATION: If I'm incapable of defending the young people from  these treacherous bullets, then there's no longer any meaning to my  presence in Parliament.

 But the reej seems determined to resist  real change at any cost.

 At the end of the day, they can't give the  demonstrators the one thing they want, which is democracy.

 That  would be suicide.

 In any free elections, they'd be swept aside.

  That means more bloodshed.

 sorry to say, that's absolutely  right.

 This is a regime that has no legitimacy in terms of having been  elected or anything like that they have stayed in force by force,  human rights violations, torture, by fear.

 The regime faces  international condemnation.

 President Obama calls the shootings  outrageous.

 Britain says they're unacceptable, but there is no sign  Syria's leaders are willing to change course.

  The President of Yemen has agreed to step down under a 30-day  transition plan to end the unrest in the country.

 In a plan drawn up  by the Gulf states, the President will hand power to the Vice-  President one month after an agreement signed with the  opposition.

 In return, he'll be immune from prosecution.

 At least  120 people have died there during two months of violent protests.

  Also for two months the Libyan city of Misrata has been under siege  from forces of Colonel Gaddafi.

 This last week has seen  particularly fierce fighting as Government forces clash with rebels  for control of the streets.

 Thousands are trying to flee, but  as Orla Guerin reports, there is only one route out.

  These are the militia of Colonel Gaddafi.

 Badly wup -- wounded and  very scared, some of come's men in Misrata.

 As doctors treated the  wounds, the soldiers said they'd been ordered to withdraw.

  Government troops have retreated in places, but it's unclear if that  will last.

 Some head away to escape the conflict today.

 Foreign workers  scrambling to get on a ferry, another mass exodus, the fourth in  recent days by the international organisation for migration.

 Finally,  these migrant workers have a way out.

 It's been a long wait.

 Some  have been staying by the port day and night for as long as five or  six weeks.

 They have been living in tents and make-shift shelters.

  They're tired and weak and desperate to get away.

  But they weren't the only ones.

 These were Libyan families, pushing  forward just as the ramp was going up.

 This woman pleads to get  onboard.

 There were five bombs near her house last night, she says.

  After a few moments of chaos, the families were allowed through.

 We  found she and her children below deck, safe but home sick already.

  TRANSLATION: Some of my daughters are still there.

 To leave your home  is very hard.

 She told me Misrata is in her soul.

 Many finance were  left behind at the gates of the  port, but those onboard are out of  An elderly woman who was accidentally dropped into the sea  off Norway during a medical rescue off a cruiseship has died in  hospital.

 Janet Richardson, who was 73 and from Cumbria, came off a  stretcher as she was being transferred onto a Norweigan rescue  boat.

 Cumberland Infirmary announced her death today.

  It was one of the most brutal Taliban attacks of the past ten  years in Afghanistan.

 A gunman entered a bank in the eastern city  of Jalalabad and shot dead 42 Afghans.

 The victims included women  and children.

 The BBC has spoken to the killer and the man who  recruited him.

 You may find of the images in Quentin Somerville's  report distressing.

 They had come to pay in and collect  their wages, but these bank customers are in fear for their  lives.

 There is no sound on this CCTV footage, but their terror is  plain.

 This isn't a robbery, but a  slaughter.

 A man tries desperately  to protect his son.

 Careful and considered, the gunman takes his  time over the killing.

 And he almost escaped, but here we see the  moment when he is captured.

 Awaiting trial, the young Pakistani  - he's 19 - has confessed to his crimes.

 President Karzai wants him  to hang.

 We were given a rare chance to speak to him.

  TRANSLATION: I don't know if I killed any woman and children, but  I remember seeing them around.

 I was told that all the people in the  bank would be infidels.

 I should kill them all.

 But when I saw the  people looked like Muslims, I was told no, they are infidels in  Islamic clothes, so I enjoyed the killing.

 In a rocky field on the  edge of Kabul, the graves of suicide bombers have multiplied.

  The men buried here have brought terror to almost every corner of  daily life in Afghanistan.

 It was Zara Ajam who carried out the  attack, but it was planned by another man.

 His name is Mahmoud.

  He says there is an inexhaustible supply of angry, impressionable men  who are willing to fight and day for the Taliban.

 He hasn't spoken  on camera before.

 He's being held in a top-security prison.

 The  intelligence services describe him as the mastermind of the attack and  a fanatic.

 The one-time shopkeeper sees himself as a holy warrior.

  killed many Afghans.

 TRANSLATION: Yes, I did it, but  only because of the foreign soldiers in our country.

 I blame  them for the harm done to all Afghans.

 If the foreigners really  wanted to help us, they would stop bombarding and killing us.

 Both  Mahmoud and Zara Ajam admit their crimes were appalling, but they say  they're fighting a righteous war.

 More Afghans are dying than ever  before, but most chilling than ever before, these men of the Taliban  say there is worse still to come.

 A row has broken out between David  Cameron and Nick Clegg over the way work placements are offered to  young people.

 Speaking to The Daily Telegraph, the Prime Minister said  he was very relaxed about giving internships to the children of  friends.

 But Nick Clegg told Liberal Democrat activists today  that he "was not relaxed about it at all".

  John Sullivan, the writer behind hit TV series such as "Only Fools  and Horses" and "Citizen Smith", has died after a short illness.

 He  was 64.

 The actor David Jason said he was "totally devastated at the  loss of the country's greatest  comedy writer.

" David Sillito  I think we're on a winning streak.

 All right? Play it nice and cool,  son, nice and cool.

 You know what I mean? It was in one poll voted the  best joke in the history of British TV comedy, and John Sutton -- John  Sullivan had seen it happen for real more than 20 years before.

  guy did it exactly like that, showing off to some girls, some  mates, showing off to some girls over here.

 His first big break had  been Citizen Smith, set in and around the South London streets  he'd grown up in.

 He had left school at 16 and become a scene  shifter at the BBC.

 In his spare time, he wrote comedy, often based  on what he'd overheard.

 Power to the people! John Sullivan is very  true to his roots, you know? He comes from South London.

 His family  were working-class people, and all the virtues and values of that  tradition that he's part of he's  still true to.

  Lovely jubley.

 Look at that - the one-speed wiper.

  LAUGHTER That comedy, from the catchphrases  to even writing and singing the theme tune grew out of John  Sullivan's own personal experiences.

 Now, brace yourself, Rodney.

  LAUGHTER The frustrations, wit and heart  which was in its time Britain's  John Sullivan, who's died at the  age of 64.

 Now for today's sports news, here's  Sally Nugent.

 Hello.

 Kate, thank you.

  The Premier League's drawing to a conclusion, and there were  significant games at both top and bottom today.

 Match of the Day  follows this programme, so look away now if you don't want to know  the results.

 Fernando Torres finally broke his duck for Chelsea  in their 3-0 win over West Ham.

 Torres came on as a second-half  substitute and got Chelsea's second goal.

 It was his 14th appearance  for the club since his record ï¿½50 million move from Liverpool in  January.

 That win meant Chelsea maintained  their six-point gap with leaders Manchester United.

 They had earlier  grabbed a late win against Everton.

 Javier Hernandez scored the only  goal of the game seven minutes from  Queens Park Rangers have been made  to wait for promotion to the Premier League.

 Victory over  Cardiff would have seen them go up to the top flight for the first  time in 15 years.

 In the end, though, the Championship leaders  had to be content with a 2-2 draw.

 Joe Wilson reports.

  Queens Park Rangers brought balloons.

 There is no need to  deflate them.

 The party must wait, but this game had quality goals.

  Jay Bothroyd - he is an England international.

 QPR love this player  for his moments of magic.

 1-all, two special goals, less than ten  minutes gone.

 Cardiff lost in the playoff last season.

 If recent  players make them nervous, no-one  doubts Craig Bellamy's ability.

  This goal left them in front.

 But Taraabt wasn't done.

 Remember, they  need to secure promotion.

 With two minutes left Taraabt was on the  ball again, this time more of a cross, a finish that didn't come.

  It was just delaying the inevitable.

 There were only two games in the  Scottish Premier League, but plenty of goals.

 The performance of the  day came from Motherwell, who came from three-nil down to draw three-  three at Hearts.

 And Dundee United won 4-2 against Kilmarnock.

  Craig Conway set up their first three goals before grabbing the  fourth himself with this superb strike.

 Rangers take on Celtic  tomorrow in the big game of the weekend in Scotland.

 At the World  Snooker Championship Ronnie O'Sullivan is well ahead against  another former world champion, Shaun Murphy.

 O'Sullivan showed  flashes of brilliance, taking a six frames to two lead in this second-  round game.

 Murphy, the 2005 champion, has been critical of  O'Sullivan's behaviour in the past,

 Time to hand you back to steward  Good evening.

 This is BBC News Line.

 The headlines: A local maternity  hospital is severely criticised by the chief Corris -- coroner for  failing to look after a mother and her unborn baby.

 Many sports  projects are being allowed to sink without trace.

 A devastated father  speaks of the sentence against the man who killed her son.

 -- his son.

  We will find out why John Duddy has called time on his boxing career.

  Potentially colder than last night, The Ulster Hospital a -- hospital  maternity unit at done gobbled has been criticised for not looking  after a dying mother.

 Carla McAdam died of an ectopic pregnancy.

 Her  daughter was sills -- stillborn.

 John Leckey asked if doctors were  blinded by science.

 Carla McAdam was looking forward to becoming a  mother.

 She was 28, and lived in Bangor.

 The -- the coroner heard  She was scanned by a junior doctor.

 The pregnancy was an ectopic  pregnancy.

 Ectopic pregnancy develops outside of the womb and in  almost all cases end in miscarriage.

 Her abdominal pain was diagnosed as  a urinary tract infection.

 The tests have come back negative.

  Despite numerous complaints of sickness and at one stage  collapsing, midwives did not detect a problem.

 The chief coroner said  that it was the position of the hospital that if symptoms disappear,  then all was well.

 Considering his findings, he asked the hospital to  review its position.

 On the day she died, a hospital had been called to  her home.

 She had stopped delivering a -- she had stopped  breathing and later delivered her unborn daughter.

 -- stillborn  daughter.

 I would impress anybody out there to do not take the first  thing you hear as bright.

 If you feel that there is something not  right, then you should shout.

 Carla did not shout loud enough.

 There  was an absence of dialogue between the midwives according to the  coroner.

 He asked if doctors were blinded by science.

 No one asked  the commonsense question as to why, and we feel that if someone had  asked that question, she could be with us today.

 In a statement, the  I raised questions, but I was just a lay person.

 I had to go on the  internet to investigate what I knew was wrong and what Carla knew was  wrong.

 John Leckey described the family's ordeal as harrowing.

 An  ambulance transferring a seriously ill patient has overturned near but  I am at the police cordon.

 The Enniskillen the road is still  closed.

 There were six people on board.

 A seriously ill patient, who  was going to the -- who was being taken to the Royal Hospital in  Belfast.

 The ambulance was in collision with a vehicle at the  junction of the main Belfast and Alice Guinness at -- Enniskillen  road.

 The doctor received injuries to his head and chest, and was  taken to hospital.

 The other four people were treated for minor  injuries at the scene, along with the driver of the vehicle.

 It  sparked a large emergency operation.

 Two rapid response vehicles was  sent to the scene, and the police made a rare helicopter available,  but it was not needed.

 The road remains closed as the police  investigate what happened.

 If there are any further update, we will  bring you those.

 Northern Ireland has lost out on up  to £50 million for newts centres of sporting excellent -- excellence in  the countdown to the London Olympics.

 Sport NI says the money  is not available because of cutbacks in the Stormont budget.

  This is the single element -- Olympic legacy project which will  come to fruition.

 The plight has been poured on the others.

 The £50  million fund no longer exists, following the executive's draft  budget.

 At a nearby home, there has been disappointed -- disappointment  that the plans have been shelled -- shelf.

 We were led to believe that  money was available.

 We thought it was ring-fenced as lottery money.

  We thought that this would be our Olympic legacy.

 As time went on,  that money did not appear to be ring-fenced.

 Competitors say that  new facilities are badly needed.

 think there will always be people  who trained hard, but it will certainly help people come into the  sport.

 It would definitely be a stepping stone.

 Sailing is not the  only sport to lose out.

 Organisations have been told by  Sport NI it but because of the spending cuts, the executive does  not have the money to fund their schemes either.

 Another plan  shelved was the de la Drome at Tennis is another casualty.

 Top-  flight players say that the existing facilities are totally  inaccurate -- inadequate.

 I cannot be away from home and train at the  moment, purely because of the facilities.

 As with the other  schemes, plans for a tennis centre at Hillsborough no longer exist.

  have been working on this project since 2006, given time and effort,  and we have been denied it.

 Possibly other ventures, but we  have given them up and we have gone for it.

 As the race to finish the  Olympic Stadium in London gathers pace, some local projects have  ended up losing out.

 The chairman of Cycling Ulster is  Tommy Lamb and he joins us now.

 How much of a setback is it for cycling  that you are not going to get the stadium? It is something that we  have dreamed of.

 It is very disappointing.

 We are angry and  frustrated.

 We know that we have the talent in the country to  produce champions at Olympic and world go level.

 Dreams have been  shattered.

 It happens with a lot of our programmes round the track.

 We  already have Paralympic liens damp -- Paralympic athletes qualified.

  They would be on an even keel.

 Clearly, cuts had to be made in the  Stormont plan.

 £110 million in the three major sports as been secured.

  But what does that say about cycling? It says that minor sports  are not important, and being treated as a third world sport.

  When you think about the amount of money, I do not want to knock the  other sports, but we have produced Commonwealth Games medallists, and  if we had the facilities, we would deliver the goods.

 So the  inspiration that many people got from the Olympics and World Games,  that is nothing now? I am not saying it is rendered as nothing,  but it is going to be a lot more difficult.

 We would have to send  our athletes to England and Wales.

 We have 14 athletes going to Wales  next month to get experience.

 They are going to progress their careers.

  The Irish team has to travel to South America and Australia and  loss centre is.

 One of our athletes are going to Beijing.

 Athletes have  to travel to the four corners of the globe to get track experience.

  The Sports Minister, Nelson McCausland, made no apologies.

 He  said it was Westminster cutting available funds.

 Any questions  should be directed towards the Conservative government or the  Ulster Unionist Party.

 You make the decisions on what goes ahead and  what cannot.

 Sport and I can only support projects when they have a  business case that demonstrate value for money and sustainability.

  As yet, none of these projects have a business case that has been  supported by Sport NI.

 They are failings in all of them.

 If the  money was still there, the business cases have not been approved.

  projects were not dreamed up.

 There has been a lot of work and prayer -  - preparation.

 Sometimes, £60,000 in preparation.

 Will that money be  returned? The reality is that people bid under various funding  schemes, where it -- whether it be sport or art.

 It is always at risk  and may know that.

 Therefore, there is no question of money being paid  back to anyone.

 Councils know from years of experience, they know that  they bid baths risk.

 Do you feel any sense of loss? Let me just say  that in the past two years, we have invested £56 million in sport.

 Over  the next four years, I have budgeted £130 million for  infrastructure in sport.

 That is a major achievement.

 I don't think we  would have that money.

 I am glad that we do, and it shows our  commitment to sport.

 I have been round the province visiting sports  facilities week after week.

 Icy new facilities and developments.

 Lurgan,  Portadown, Ballymena.

 There is substantial development.

 After  years of underdevelopment, devolution has made a real  difference.

 You can see more of that interview on our programme  The father of a County Tyrone student who was killed when he was  struck by a stolen car, says the sentence handed out to the driver  wasn't long enough.

 Andrew O'Neill, who was 20 and from Clonoe near  Coalisland, was studying at John Moore University in Liverpool when  he was died last November.

 Yesterday, 21-year-old David  Gaskell was sentenced to nine-and- a-half years in prison for causing  his death by dangerous driving.

 His victim's father, Brendan, has been  talking to BBC Newsline's Will Less than two months ago, Andrew  Neil was looking forward to coming home from Liverpool for Christmas.

  -- Andrew Neil.

 He was killed in November, leaving his father with  grief.

 He was very outgoing, full of laughter and happiness.

  Everybody loved him.

 He made friends very easily.

 He is the type  of fellow who wasn't afraid.

 He loved people.

 He was struck by this  stolen car which had just escaped a police cordon.

 He was carried for  40 yards and died from multiple injuries.

 The driver was imprisoned  yesterday for nine and a half years.

 If I had my ear -- my way, what  David Gaskell did to my son is a life sentence, that is my opinion.

  I know that is not the case, the way the laws are.

 I know it is 14  years, and he should have got the full 14 years.

 Andrew staff and the  court proceedings have left his father wondering what might have  done -- Andrew's death.

 Andrew would have been 21 in January.

 He  never made it to that.

 He would have been coming home to his 21st  birthday.

 All parents would look forward to their child's 21st  birthday.

 People don't realise that these despicable people on the  roads, who have no thought for other people's lives.

  A fifth suspect has been charged in connection with Micheala McAreavy's  murder in Mauritius.

 The man, who is understood to be a security  guard at the Legends Hotel where the 27-year-old had been on  honeymoon with her husband John, will appear in court on Friday.

  Earlier today, a fourth man appeared in court in Mauritius  alongside the three others already charged in connection with her  death.

 He was charged with aiding to commit a crime.

 The Police  believe he supplied the key used to get into the hotel room.

  Still to come.

 Does accidents in 18 months, so why  is this stretch of road not officially seen as dangerous? --  two accidents in 18 months.

 The minister for regional  development has told his Assembly committee he expects no repeat of  the crisis that left thousands of people with no water over the  recent holidays.

 Conor Murphy also said it was for the voters and his  party to decide if he was the right man for the job.

 This report from  our political correspondent, Martina Purdy.

 Even before the  regional development Minister arrived to explain his role in the  water crisis, he was on the defensive, again, this time over a  leaked report damning his department's role in overseeing  Northern Ireland water.

 The Public Accounts Committee draft report  suggested the organisation should have been brought back under  Department control some time ago.

 The minister said that is what he  has been proposing, with little support from others at Stormont.

  Another Minister called my proposals bananas.

 Another said I  was trying to renationalise the water.

 Suddenly everybody is  involved with for saying they need radical change, but I am glad they  are involved now.

 There were other unflattering adjectives, such as  shambles and disaster, to describe I think it is disgraceful.

 Do you  think you are the right person to get things right? The elections are  made in May, it is up to the electorate.

 The committee had  Northern Ireland water had taken steps to -- to avoid a repeat of  the crisis, including bottled water and improving communications.

  recommend visiting water companies in Britain to see how they put out  information and impress it upon their staff on the ground?  water is back on, but with reviews, reports and elections pending, the  controversy around Northern Ireland water and the department will run  and run.

 In the last 18 months, two lorries  have overturned in the same place on a road through a village in  County Fermanagh.

 Yet the bend isn't considered dangerous by roads  Was hurt.

 As our district journalist, Louise Cullen, ah's  been finding out, local people are asking if someone has to be injured  or killed before something can be done.

 Every day, thousands of cars  and lorries travel through this village to and from Dublin without  incident, but if something does happen, it can be traumatic.

 In  April 2009, this country transporter overturned on the bend,  going through the garden wall.

 Last October this milk tanker overturned  in exactly the same spot, demolishing the repaired Wall.

  lived here for 20 years.

 In all that time we have had numerous  accidents.

 Cars scraping against the wall, running along the  pavement, going through the wall.

 According to police figures, there  has only been one accident at this spot, in September 2008, because  that is the only one in which an injury is recorded.

 There is no  record kept of near misses.

 There have been a lot of minor traffic  accidents here, where ordinary cars have hit these pillars, hit the  walls, and even mounted the embankment that was there.

  Unfortunately, they don't appear to have been recorded.

 No one has been  hurt or injured.

 It is not recorded.

 Common sense tells you it is going  to happen, when you see so many crashes on that corner.

 Roads  Service says police figures are used to help target the limited  money they have for this sort of collision, and markings on the bend  will be refreshed early next year.

 Local people are cautious.

 We don't  know how it will work out until you get these markings.

 I think they  should try to straighten the road because I have seen a lot of  traffic take it quickly.

 Police have put up a flashing sign which  can be turned to face traffic in either direction.

 But it is not  working at the moment, so Fleming is relying on his arm repaired Wall  to be the warning.

 If there's a story you would like  us to cover, here's how to get in Now, news of a shock departure from  professional boxing.

 Just weeks before one of the  biggest fights of his boxing career, Irish middleweight John Duddy has  announced his retirement from boxing.

 The Derry fighter says he's  fallen out of love in the sport.

 Mark Sidebottom reports.

  Please welcome at iron and's John John Duddy never took the easy  option.

 He opted to forge his career on North America's east  coast.

 At his side, there was clips, glamour and celebrity, but he has  turned his back on his wall.

 The FA and hunger -- to the fire and  hunger was not there.

 I would have sold my fans short, my trainers,  managers and my family.

 I have too much respect for boxing to try to  do it half-hearted.

 The timing of the decision has left many flawed.

  Duddy was due to fight Andy Lee in Connecticut in March, with a six  figure three up for grabs and a possible world title fight for the  winner.

 The only other Derry man to fight for a world title is Duddy's  former mentor.

 Dragging your body through hell, hurting from head to  toe, it is not an easy thing to be doing.

 It is a very dangerous sport  as well.

 Not only can you get Hurd, a lot worse can happen, as  everybody knows -- get hurt.

 I can understand why he make that  decision.

 Duddy is adamant there will be no return to the ring.

  Having secured apart in a New York stage production, Hollywood could  be next.

 There's now daylight between  Linfield and the rest at the top of local football's Carling  Premiership.

 Last night's win over second placed Glentoran has opened  up an eight-point gap.

 Stephen Watson was at the game.

  Linfield lost their last big game between the sides.

 But found the  perfect response.

 Peter Thompson gave them a fifth-minute lead.

 It  wasn't long before Glentoran were back on level terms.

 Colin Nixon,  with the equaliser.

 Glentoran created chances to sneak ahead  before half-time.

 Goalkeeper Alan Blayney kept them at bay.

 In the  second half, Linfield struck again.

 Mark McAlister with the winning  goal.

 The woodwork prevented Glentoran from earning a draw.

  Linfield, now with a healthy lead.

 We hear things like it is ours to  lose, we are all playing for second place, all of these lines will be  trotted out, it is a load of rubbish.

 Or you get from this game  is three points, nothing else.

 -- all you get.

 The supporters will  have the bragging rights but I have been too long in the game to make  any silly predictions.

 With an eight-point advantage, the  champions will be hard to stop.

 Crusaders are one of the teams  chasing Linfield.

 But they now have a cup semi-final to look forward to.

  They enjoyed a 2-0 win over Ballymena in the Co-operative  Insurance Cup - Chris Morrow heading them in front early on.

  Ballymena had their moments and, they thought, a goal, when Crues  keeeper Niall Murphy appeared to step behind his goaline.

  But the ref decided the ball hadn't crossed the line.

 That let-off  allowed Morrow to make the game save in the second half, with this  penalty.

 Crusaders now face Lisburn Distillery in the last four.

  Five Ulster players have been included in the 22-man Ireland Six  Nations squad.

 They are Andrew Trimble and Paddy Wallace in the  backs, Rory Best, Tom Court Stephen Ferris in the forwards.

 Ireland's  opening game is against Italy in three weeks' time.

  Four of tonight's McKenna Cup matches have been postponed because  of frozen pitches, including Tyrone's first game of 2011 against  UUJ.

 The other fixtures which ARE going ahead: Antrim versus Down and  Derry against Queen's.

 Finally, a reminder of the stories  It is certainly cold, a few spots barely scraped above freezing.

 We  had some lingering mist and fog.

 For many of us, a lot of sunshine  and dry weather.

 Where we have high pressure, the dry weather looks set  to stay.

 The cold air, represented by the blue, looks set to stay as  well, at least into the first part of the weekend.

 The temperatures  are tumbling this evening.

 It will become frosty very quickly.

 Quite a  sharp frost developing.

 Minus two and minus three for many areas.

 We  have had mist and fog patches lingering today, they are likely to  thicken up quickly and will become more widespread through the night.

  Dense and freezing in places.

 That is likely to be one of the main  problems tomorrow during the rush hour.

 Poor visibility on some rays  and parts of the motorways.

 Ice is again a problem -- on some roads  and parts of the motorways.

 For most of us it will eventually be a  dry day, we should see the sunshine returning but there will be patches  of fog.

 It is a problem during the rush hour, quite widespread during  the morning and those temperatures really struggling to climb.

 In some  places, they probably will climb a lot, where the fog lingers and  persists.

 It will be the case across parts of Fermanagh and  Tyrone.

 Temperatures at best around freezing in some areas and it is a  cold day at best.

 The least cold areas are likely to be coastal  stretches and that is where we see the best of the sunshine, and the  best chance of a late afternoon

 BBC Arabic team have given graphic  accounts of how they were arrested, blindfolded, handcuffed and beaten  while reporting on the conflict in Libya.

 They were threatened with  mock executions and held in the bloodstained cells where they heard  other people screaming in adjacent rooms.

 Defence Minister has from  NATO member states will meet to discuss how they should respond to  the crisis in Libya.

 Forces loyal to Colonel Gaddafi continued to  bombard pounds.

 King Mohammed of Morocco has promised comprehensive  reforms in his country.

 He has announced a committee to review the  Moroccan Constitution.

 In his first speech since protests last month he  said that individual and collective liberties were to be expanded.

  The families of two women who died from cancer following exposure to  their book levels of asbestos have that one or compensation claims.

  The ruling by and the Supreme Court is expected to lead it to similar  claims.

 Our correspondent reports.

 This woman was exposed to asbestos  while at work, the other while still at school.

 They both died  from cancer.

 She was not able to do things.

 Her memory went and she was  not able to do any cooking.

 She had to have meals on wheels.

 That cut  her off.

 Edith Costello breathed in asbestos dust while working as a  secretary.

 Her family fought for six years to prove that led to her  cancer.

 Today seven Supreme Court Act has ruled in her favour.

  Although the defendant did not expose the victims to very much  dust, in both cases they significantly increased the risk  that the victim might get cancer and must be treated as having been  responsible.

 Campaigners described this as a landmark ruling.

 People  who have been exposed to even lower levels of asbestos in schools or  anywhere else will be able to proceed with claims without having  to show of that they were exposed to a certain level of as best as.

  For the family, this has never been about compensation of financial  gain, but rather acknowledging the risks their mother faced in an  environment where she should have been a protected.

 My mother went to  work thinking it was safe.

 She is not here to savour her victory, but  this ruling could pave the way for others with low level asbestos  exposure to secured compensation.

 Subtitles unavailable for 0 minutes  BBC News.

  We will update you on places to get your music online.

 And we look at  how the most powerful apps may soon be running on the least powerful  devices.

 Then we will see the whole of space in the palm of your hand  on Webscape.

 For tech fans every year starts with a run of  technology expos.

 January means the Consumer Electronics Show in Las  Vegas.

 March is reserved for the biggest of them all, CeBIT from  Germany.

 We bring you the big announcements from the show.

  Another scaled down CeBIT, though probably 350,000 people will go to  Hanover to see the exhibits this year.

 There was not much in the way  of big launches, but certainly an overdose of tablets.

 There were  some novelties.

 One company announced a motion sensing package  for PCs.

 It is a wireless media streaming device with a motion  sensor and it takes some doing before it notices you are there.

  Though it did look like a lot of fun once it did notice you.

 This is  a prototype wireless display from Fujitsu.

 The power is produced  using induction.

 It is a truly wireless display.

 There is no cable  for power or data transfer.

 This is something very new and special for  power.

 The antenna is built into the desk.

 It is a very slim antenna.

  There is no risk for your health.

 You can also charge your mobile  phones and notebooks with it.

 is much more to CeBIT than feeding  the voracious appetite of the consuming public with more gadgets.

  For a long time CeBIT has had a tradition of showcasing the latest  scientific research.

 Can the latest scientific innovations actually  make money? Normally infrared eye tracking technology is used to give  people with disabilities access to computers.

 Far from reinventing the  mouse, they see eye tracking working in conjunction with it.

 We  still want to use the mouse and keyboard.

 For some purposes, the  eyes are much faster.

 You can enhance the experience of gaining  an established direct eye control with the characters.

 Then make them  respond to your gaze, not how you point a gun or what you do in the  game with other controls.

 Gaze into someone's eyes and you may believe  you can divine their thoughts.

 But track what their eyes look at and  you can get an idea of what they like and do not like.

 This can give  retailers and manufacturers a good idea of how shoppers approach their  task and what hidden persuaders work well.

 This is computer  assisted make-up from the Max plank Institute.

 The system takes a 3D  image of your face and then applies make-up.

 It matches your face to  one of its 60 templates and advises which make up to apply and wear.

  think it can be a great help.

 Girls can feel a bit insecure.

 A think it  would be interesting to girls.

 star of this year's show is  Reginald the Robo Thespian.

 He has pretensions to be an entertainer,  even an actor.

 He recites Shakespeare and ponders his own  robotic existence.

 He is designed for entertainment and education.

  is an information retrieval device.

 A touch screen is not very engaging  for people.

 They are used to talking to something human.

 And  they like to interact.

 That is the idea with Reginald.

 Reginald will  sing a song.

 Singing: Just singing in the rain.

.

.

  Next up, this week's tech news.

 Steve Jobs launched the iPad 2 this  week in San Francisco.

 While his appearance might have been a  surprise, the new tablet will not.

 Front and rear cameras, a processor,  and it is slimmer.

 Apple aficionados in America will be able  to get it on March 11th.

 The rest of the world on 25th March.

 If you  want a PS3, you had better grab one quickly if you are in Europe.

 The  consoles apparently infringe a number of patents, so their  importation has been banned for ten days.

 Shops could run out of PS3s  if the complaint is upheld.

 Sony filed for an import ban on a series  of LG phones back in September.

 The Geneva Motor Show has thrown up a  host of concept cars.

 From a mini van which converts into a maxi van  to electric personal transport pods.

 This Rolls-Royce Phantom is powered  entirely by electricity.

 The prototype has a price tag of £1  million.

 Strictly for the environmentally aware millionaire.

  The web is a great way to find, listen to and buy music.

 This is  the main way that people buy individual singles.

 There are more  places than ever before to find music online.

 This is Click's  essential guide to turning on, tuning in and possibly not logging  out.

 The web is brimming with music, thanks to thousands of radio  stations sharing their streams.

 ITunes has extensive lists of  stations from every corner of the globe.

 Don't forget traditional  radio broadcasters as well.

 Here, it is the stations which pick the  tunes.

 You may get fed up with their small playlist.

 The next  generation of radio stations are for personalised streams of  playlists that you control.

 Choose a genre to get started.

 It is  difficult to choose the exact songs you want to hear.

 Last FM creates a  profile and then it works like a social network.

 On one site you can  import your existing music collection and get recommendations  from other members.

 It is also possible to share playlists.

 Not  sure what you fancy? Write down 10 points about your state of mind and  get a playlist suited to your mood.

 On this site, unsigned artists can  upload tracks.

 Pandora is a streaming server.

 The next track is  chosen to match things about the current track.

 What about taking  your music to your mobile? Several sites have mobile apps.

 A premium  subscription gives you access to the same library of millions of  songs.

 Specify can find the music already on your computer and ad it  your library.

 It is possible to listen for free, but a premium  subscription lets you transfer your music to your mobile.

 Plenty of  options to get music at your fingertips.

 If you do not have a  solid connection you may find it That essential information is on  In the old days, when computer screens consisted of just two  colours, the screen and green, anyone could write a computer  programme.

 But then computers got big, programmes got long, and far  too complicated for mere mortals to create.

 But now, small programmes  are back.

 And they are bigger than ever.

 I am talking about apps,  whether it is on your phone, or on your computer, they are taking over  the web, and LJ Rich has been looking at what comes next.

  Imagine a world where people are not bothered by the latest handset,  and our mobile devices would cost half of what they do now.

 Not only  that, we are getting insanely excited by a browser upgrades.

 How  can that happen? It might be down to apps.

 Yes, the current buzzword  for what computer types use to form a programme is going online.

 A far  cry from when the net first began when if you could read text you  were lucky, and you'd wait days to look at an image on dial-up.

 But  2007's iPhone was one of a wave of devices that popularised surfing on  the move.

 Apple's App Store, introduced in 2008, simplified the  downloading and installing process.

 Fast forward a few more years, and  now most of the phone manufacturers and operators have a paid App Store.

  These days phone manufacturers look out for developers who can add apps  to their ecosystem, and the more apps available, the more desirable  the hardware becomes.

 But apps are breaking out of mobiles and their  one-touch one task experience.

 Now once again, they are back in the  browser.

 Last December, Google set up the Chrome web Store.

 What is  different about these apps is that these live up in the cloud.

 So, web  based apps like this audio tool do not need to be downloaded, saving  storage space, when the processing gets done outside your machine, you  might not even need a powerful device in your hand.

 And it means  you will always be running the latest version.

 Most web apps in  fact are working along the model that most people think of as the  cloud, where all of the work is done somewhere behind the scenes.

  And the cloud can be used with very popular powerful kinds of devices  like phones and tablets, and it can be used with relatively simple, or  what might be called dumb devices, that are running a browser on a  thin client.

 In many cases these apps on these  devices are not doing a whole lot more than just accessing  capabilities in the cloud.

 The thing is, there is no app if you  are not online.

 So, right now we are familiar with mobile apps with  their feet firmly planted in our devices, but if web apps catch on  we will be a lot more interested in staying connected.

 If we are  connecting online it is easy for developers and advertisers to  connect back to us.

 This whole idea of apps being  something of more of a native app on a phone or a device is not  exactly a threat to Google, but it is something that throws a bit of a  curve at them in terms of them being able to continue to fulfil on  the potential of their business model, namely advertising on the  web.

 They are very focused on making the web a better place and  promoting the use of these web apps, that is why they came up with a  store for the Chrome browser, which provides for a way to get access to  and to monitor applications that are delivered through the web, in a  way that is similar to what people are now becoming comfortable with  in the mobile device world.

 Some of us may not trust apps on  the web to look after everything we hold dear, even though it could be  said leaving stuff on a server is safer than leaving things on a one  base device.

 LJ Rich looking at the apps and downs of modern life, and  if you have found an app that has tickled your fancy, we can tell the  world about it for you.

 This week's first suggestion is an app that  let's you create your very own portion of the world wide web,  filled with the things you love.

 Thanks to Microsoft's new site,  montage.

cloudapp.

net, anyone can ring-fence their favourite online  content into one easily accessible web page with just a few clicks of  a mouse.

 You can sign in with your Windows Live, Facebook, or Twitter  account and then enter some keywords to automatically get  relevant content.

 Then you have choices about how it wants to look  and then you can Tweet to the links, if you like, before saving it and  publishing it to the world through a dedicated web address.

 If you  want a little more control you can start from scratch and then mix and  match your content from different sources and key words.

 You can  split the panes horizontally or vertically as many times as you  like, until you have a web page that suits you, restyling the web  has never been so easy.

 Once you have got the online universe under  control, why not turn your attention to the skies? At  spacetelescope.

org, you will find an awe-inspiring information about  the Hubble telescope, which has been orbiting Earth since its  launch in 1990.

 The telescope has so far beamed back hundreds of  thousands of images of space, changing the way scientists look at  the universe.

 There are over 700 mind-expanding videos for you to  watch, including an ongoing series of news and images from the Hubble  telescope, it actually has over 40 backed episodes to catch up on and  you can download them to your smart phone to watch on the go.

 You can  also embed them in your website or blog, and all the videos and images  are free to use.

 Check the copyright link at the bottom of the  page for terms.

 Talking of space, if your train journey to work is  bereft now you have finished Angry Birds, here's another fun physics  puzzler inspired by the multi- award-winning game for your iPhone.

  The dramatic and colourful feature is visible.

 The full game has 32  levels of slingshot trick shot shenanigans for you to master but  there is a sampling of the early levels available for free if you  download the lite version.

 In this game, the graphics are gorgeous, it  is a little slow to load at times but the physics feels pretty true-  to-life, I love the use of jazz music as well, with a different  little burst of music if any body completes the level.

  Google ruffled a few virtual feathers last week when it rolled  out a major updated search algorithm, in an effort to filter  out data from content farms in search results.

 One of the effects  was to squash page rank results to the sites that copy and paste  content from other sites.

 And copy and paste news is rife on the web,  as you will discover if you take a look at the recently launched  website churnalism.

com.

 By pasting a passage of a text from a press  release or a news article into the box provided, you can see just who  is guilty of turning churn into content, an eye-opening exercise  indeed.

 And if you are a Harry site pure magic.

  Harrypotterthequest.

com, is a slick interactive site launched this week  in a nod to the upcoming DVD release of the Deathly Hallows.

  Once registered you can play some pretty neat games to earn points  and unlock exclusive content linked to this spellbinding series, once  one million points have been accumulated by members, a special  "secrets of the cast" feature will be unlocked for everyone to enjoy.

  So come on, what are you waiting for? Expelliarmus! And Kate will be  back next week so get your suggestions for Webscape in as soon  as you can.

 You can e-mail us, or you can Tweet us at BBC click:  That's it for this week, everything from this week's programme is on  the website as usual.

 Thank you very much for watching, and we will  Cold air is trying to spread back through the British Isles.

 It will  through the British Isles.

 It will eventually work its way south.

  There will be blustery showers.

 Even the risk of some snow.

 We have  blotches of cloud across much of southern Britain.

 Some fairly swift  wins.

 Especially across parts of northern Britain.

 The snow will  wraparound as well.

 If you're 60 mile an hour wind gusts will work  through.

 Across the far north and east, some rain, mainly some snow.

  The East Midlands will see some bright spells.

 It will start  reasonably dry.

 It should not be too bad in London.

 A few showers  working in towards the south and west.

 A fairly keen breeze as well.

  The easing to gale force on western coasts and even stronger than that  to the West.

 A few showers the Northern Ireland, the main Lower is  sitting out.

 As it does, those fairly it strong winds will bring  in the cold.

 The risk of some snow.



 Hello, I'm Sally Taylor.

 Welcome to  South Today.

 In tonight's programme:  The cost of filling up the tank.

 Paul Clifton looks at the impact of  rising fuel prices.

 As the cost of petrol reaches £6  per gallon, it is taking its toll on both people and businesses.

  Taking shape - work on the next phase of the new aircraft carriers  ensures jobs in Portsmouth.

 The climate as it is, we know that  for at least 10 years we have got a job.

  A lack of sunshine may be the cause of a rise in the bone disease  rickets in children.

 I was crying sometimes because it  was so bad and your whole body felt so bad.

  And it was built to go anywhere, but this disabled man has been told  Fuel prices in the region are now at a record high and according to  the AA, almost one in three of us has changed our driving habits  because of the rising costs.

 Campaigners say high prices at  petrol stations are damaging the economy.

 So have prices reached a  high? Our correspondent has been investigating.

  The price of petrol hit a new record again today.

 It is going to  keep on rising.

 The average is £1.

28 per litre, but we found  plenty of places where it is now more than £1.

30.

 Another way, that  is £6 per gallon.

 It is hitting some people and so businesses very  hard.

 The numbers changed almost every  day.

 They have gone up by several pence per litre since Christmas.

 Is  this perhaps the most expensive petrol in the South? It is a garage  on the A3 a three.

 Richard Wheeler worked out he was spending a  quarter of his income just by -- buying petrol for work.

  In the past year it has risen by £20 per tank.

 Fat is £80 per month  just to get to work.

 -- that is £80.

 He lives in Andover and for 16  years he worked in Chandlers Ford.

 Last week he handed in his nineties.

  I didn't want to spend £300 per month on fuel.

  At his garage, petrol sales have dropped by a third.

 Small,  independent garage is like this one are being hit hardest.

  People will come in and fill their cars up, 60, £70.

 They are being  more cautious.

 They will round down.

 Living in a rural area like this,  it is an essential commodity.

 There are no buses were talking about.

  The police have gradually switch from petrol to diesel cars.

 In  Hampshire, where the police petrol bill is £2 million per year, that  can save hundreds of thousands of pounds.

 Within Hampshire, officers  have been encouraged to attend cheaper alternatives to get their  fuel, such as supermarkets.

 It is common sense, really.

  In a survey, the AA in Basingstoke found almost one in three motorists  had decided to travel less WACA because of the cost of fuel.

 --  Travel Less by car.

 Fuel prices are going to get higher.

  We have got the prospect of a duty rise in April.

 We have got  wholesale prices going up.

 The AA says there is evidence that  we are using less fuel.

 The total amount sold has fallen by 11% in  three years.

 Partly that is because cars are becoming more fuel-  efficient.

 But partly it's because we are choosing to use our cars  less.

 They are just becoming so expensive, whether for business or  for pleasure.

 Thank you very much.

 We would like  to hear from you.

 For example, Cynthia Gilmore has been in touch.

  She is from Basingstoke.

 She says, I now think twice about using my  car.

 I try to plan might Jenny's efficiently.

 It means I cannot see  my grandchildren so often.

 -- plan my journeys.

 So how have you been  my journeys.

 So how have you been affected? You can get in touch in  A man found dead in Brighton at the weekend has been named as 39-year-  old Craig Martin Palmer.

 His body was found in an empty building in  Brussels where on Saturday.

 A postmortem revealed he died from  head injuries.

 -- an end to building in Russell Square.

  BBC Monitoring, based in Berkshire, has announced that more than 70  jobs will go over the next two years.

 The service says it needs to  save £3 million after the government announced it would be  reducing funding.

 BBC Monitoring, based in can be sure, is a division  of the BBC which monitors reports on mass-media world wide.

  They survived last year's defence spending review, but questions  remain over exactly what the Navy's two new aircraft carriers will be  capable of when they are in service.

 Today, shipyard workers in  Portsmouth began the second major phase of the construction project,  building the massive stern section of the first carrier.

 1,500 jobs in  the city depend on the contract.

 You could call the Royal Navy's new  career as the ultimate jigsaw ships.

 Let's look at how they are being  constructed.

 Exceptions are being built in shipyards around the  country.

 The Portsmouth, they have already started a big section of  the hole.

 Today they started work the hole.

 Today they started work  on this part, the stern section.

 In Portsmouth, they have also got to  Portsmouth, they have also got to make the two parts of the  superstructure that sit on top of the flight deck.

  Today,'s's commander started the button on the hi-tech machine.

 --  today, Portsmouth's commander.

 Next door, a giant, 6,000 tonne section  is already taking shape.

 Portsmouth's share of the work on  the two carriers is helping to sustain 1,500 jobs.

  Very important.

 It guarantees our jobs, really.

 The climate as it is,  we know that for at least 10 years, we have got a job.

 It brings a lot  of business, it helps the economy, and gives a lot of people jobs.

  is the biggest of the Navy have ever had.

 So it is really important.

  Hopefully it will follow with some frigates.

  With so many shipyards around the UK involved in the project, it is  crucial that deadlines are met.

 sequence of assembly is critical.

  All the yards have to achieve their schedule so we can put the carrier  together.

 The £5 billion project survive last  year's defence review.

 Cancelling it would have been more expensive  than completing the ships.

 But it is still expected that one of the  carriers will be mothballed almost as soon as it is finished.

 A final  decision is not expected for some years.

 For now, the Navy is just  glad the ships are being built.

 It is rapid but it is designed to  be.

 We are more effective.

 The first of the new aircraft  carriers will be completed in around five years.

 But with the  UK's fleet of Harrier jump jets already axed to save money, the  Navy will not have fixed-wing aircraft to operate from its new  A court has heard how a man tried to murder two men with a machete  during a fight between two groups in Crawley.

 Part of the town centre  was sealed off as police investigated the attack which  happened last September.

 The jury was told that two groups of men  started to fight after a dispute over a girlfriend.

 The defendant,  Antonio Batsimba, denies attempted murder.

  This is the machete the prosecution says Antonio Batsimba used to try  to murder two men and attack another.

  This is one of the men alleged to have been assaulted.

 The  prosecution maintains he was left with head injuries after Antonio  Batsimba went for an with the machete.

 The court heard he then  tried to kill members of the defendant's family.

 His father and  his uncle were included.

 It is said to have happened during a fight  between two groups of men in the heart of Crawley.

 The origins were  in a dispute over a girlfriend.

 The court heard Antonio Batsimba new  two of the men fighting, I enjoyed it.

 He had seen what had happened  from where he was living and was so anxious to intervene quickly that  he went outside death at but with a machete in his hand.

 -- he went  outside their effort.

 The prosecutor said that as Antonio  Batsimba's attacks progressed, they became life-threatening.

 It was  fortunate that his last two victims were not killed.

  The court was told that some of those injured will bear the scars  from the machete attack for years to come.

  Antonio Batsimba denies wounding with intent and attempted murder,  but he has pleaded guilty to two charges of grievous bodily harm.

  The case continues.

 The new Bishop of Reading was  announced today and he immediately began a whistle-stop store -- tour  of Berkshire.

 The Right Reverend Andrew Proud is currently Area  Bishop of Ethiopia and today mac some Reading residents from that  part of the world.

 He began his tour at one of the town's  department stores to recognise the harsh economic times which she  expects to dominate his time in the new role.

  It is among the most common childhood diseases in many  developing countries, but now doctors are reporting a rise in  cases of rickets among youngsters in the south.

 Rickets is a  softening of the bones which can lead to factors or deformities.

 It  is caused by a lack of vitamin D in the body, which we get through  sunlight.

 Experts say the rise could be doubted parents being  over-protective.

 -- could be down to parents.

  Tyler Attrill is a normal 12-year- old, but earlier this year she  discovered she had rickets.

 would make your legs feel heavy,  and it would really had.

 I was crying at some point because it was  so bad.

 It made your whole body feel like it was aching.

  She suffered bone problems and was sent to hospital.

 The orthopaedic  unit was beginning to see a surge in youngsters with similar  complaints.

 In this clinic, we are seeing  children with clinical rickets, which is a deficiency of vitamin D.

  About 20% of the children we tested have got a deficiency in vitamin D,  which comes from sunshine.

 The news came as a shock to Tyler's  mother, who had gone out of a way to protect her daughter from the  effects of the sun.

 The consultant for what it was  because I was using suncream on Tyler when she was little.

 Now it  turns out that she is deficient in vitamin D.

  It is simply about lifestyle, and somehow the reduction of exposure  to sunshine.

 Most middle-class children are taken to school in a  car and do not have sport at school, and so they do not go out much.

 The  explanation is that there is not enough exposure to sunshine.

  Tyler is expected to make a full recovery.

 She has made this all  important changes to her lifestyle.

 -- does all important changes.

  You can hear more on time and her family and the increase in rickets  on Inside Out tonight.

 Still to come: His there more rain  on the way? We have had a good deal of rain in  the last 24 hours.

 We are not out Council leaders are deciding  whether to spend over £60 million on a Southampton school.

 The  academy is split between two sites.

 Designs have been approved for a  new site on Lord's Hill Recreation Ground which could be ready by  September next year.

 His family have lived in Dorset for  generations and now Sir William Hanham may have upset some of his  neighbours.

 His home, Deans Court - which dates back to the 1300s has  been owned by his family for over 500 years.

 But an attempt by him to  raise some vital cash is causing friction in the community.

  The Dorset Food Festival was hosted at the Deans Court Estate in  Wimborne last September.

 It is one of a number of ways that the Hanham  family already use their stately home and land to generate income.

  They also run courses and hire the estate for private functions and  weddings.

 Now they want to extend their licence to hold up to 24  events a year serving alcohol until the early hours.

 It is near the  heart of the town.

 It is a busy, vibrant market town.

 It is not a  sleepy backwater.

 There's around 100 homes next door to the estate,  and the plans are worrying the people who live there.

 2am is  pushing the envelope.

 I think this is a bridge too far and it is  unreasonable.

 The Hanham family have lived at Deans Court since  1548.

 But when Sir William's parents died, he was left facing a  40% inheritance tax bill.

 If they don't get the licence, they be  forced to sell other Llanfwrog development.

 The family have been  very supportive of Wimborne over many years.

 We have a concern for  their issue.

 At the same time, we have a concern for the quality of  our lives, which we feel we have given a good compromise for.

 Some  people seem to think we are determined to be hosting  Glastonbury every weekend.

 That is not what we want to do.

 We were to  continue what we would call high- quality events, like the Food  Festival.

 He says he only wants access to the  beach and so found this design, a kind of 4x4 wheelchair.

 But Jim  Starr from Dorchester didn't bargain on a row with the DVLA when  he bought this adapted wheelchair.

 The DVLA says it is too big, too  heavy and can't be classified as a It might look more at home on the  battlefield, but Jim Starr bought this tanks style wheelchair with a  more laid-back environment in mind, a trip to the seaside.

 The father-  of-two ordered the £15,000 share from America because he wanted to  take his children to the beach.

 the first time in nine years, I  have managed to get onto the beach and go along the seafront with the  children.

 The feeling of being able to have that freedom to just go  down, I just can't wait for some of.

 When he was an disabled, he was out  and about and now he is laid up because he's disabled and now he  has the Tank chair he can go out more often with the family.

 But at  34 stone and 42 inches wide, the DVLA said it is too big to be  classed as a wheelchair.

 Jim has to apply for a special licence to use  it on the roads.

 I have just got my life given back over Christmas,  only for it to be taken away again.

 It is like being disabled again.

  Now Jim will have to be content with using his chair on private  land.

 It was the home of one of Britain's  best-loved poets.

 Now, the owners of Faringford house on the Isle of  Wight are restoring it to the way it looked when Alfred Lord Tennyson  lived there more than a hundred years ago.

 What they didn't  anticipate were all the hidden treasures they would unearth.

 The  owners of the Victorian property set in their village of fresh water  on the Isle of Wight got more than they bargained for when they  purchased it in 2006.

 Inside it might look like a building site,  but Faringford was once home to Alfred Lord Tennyson.

 He lived here  for 40 years.

 It is now being restored back to its former glory  but the work has uncovered some under -- some hidden treasures.

  we were taking the additions away from the house, we removed this  plasterboard and found huge storage covers -- cupboards and a book that  had fallen behind.

 It is inscribed, from mummy and daddy to Lionel.

  Dated 1870s.

 Intricate carvings have been found hidden under layers  of paint.

 As well as this, I long- hidden passage to the roof, where  restorers believe the poet Laureate kept a telescope.

 The plan is to  open Faringford in 18 months for tennis and admirers to come and  stay, walk along tennis and downs and experience this corner of the  world as the poet Laureate would have known it.

  Roger Johnson is here with the sport.

 So we talk about Eddie Howe?  Here is a sight I bet Bournemouth fans didn't want to see.

  They and not, to say the least.

 Six days ago, Bournemouth fans  would never have believed they'd see their manager holding another  club's scarf aloft.

 But a lot has happened, including an emotional  farewell, before Eddie Howe took over at Burnley today.

 Cherries  fans are now all hoping his departure doesn't de-rail their  push for promotion from League One.

 Eddie Howe played more than 200  games for Bournemouth and Friday night's match at Colchester was his  100,000 manager.

 He finally decided Burnley was where his future lay  and it was obviously a tough decision.

 I really couldn't find a  reason to turn down Burnley and there was no logical reason.

 But  the association and my affinity with Bournemouth made that decision  so much harder.

 It was incredibly difficult but I felt I had to make  it from a professional point of view.

 The celebrations when  Bournemouth took the lead showed what Eddie Howe meant to his  players.

 Late goals would cost the cherries the points.

 They slipped  to 4th in League One.

 Bournemouth's new managerial duo, Steve Bradbury  and his assistant, have the task to maintain his legacy.

 We have a  great side here.

 Something I can feel can push us on.

 They half four  games to prove their credentials.

 Not easy for a club that many feel  has been punching above its weight this season.

  The new series of Late Kick-Off returns tonight here on BBC One.

  And they've got a feature interview with Eddie Howe on his reasons for  leaving Dean Court, amongst other things.

 A new series and a new  presenter, James Richardson.

 That's the return of Late Kick-Off tonight  at 11:05pm.

 While Bournemouth are hoping to  keep their promotion hopes on track, Brighton continue to set the pace  in League One after another impressive performance at the  weekend.

 The pre-match fare has seldom  tasted better for Albion fans.

 And the football is pretty satisfying  too.

 Peterborough the latest to leave Withdean empty handed as the  Seagulls gorged on goals again.

 And, with the visitors in retreat,  Elliott Bennett curled in the second.

 Another flowing move was  finished by Wood for Brighton's third and although Boro pulled one  back, Albion are four points clear at the top and savouring it.

  Southampton slipped to third in League One after being held to a  goalless draw by Notts County.

 It's seldom they draw a blank these days.

  Reading moved to within a place of the Championship play-off places  with an impressive win at Doncaster.

 Shane Long's cool finish set them  on their way to a 3-0 win.

 Further goals came after the break.

 Jimmy  Kebe took advantage of a walkabout keeper to lift in the second.

 And  Jobi McAnuff completed an impressive day's work soon after.

  No-one quite knows how old Portsmouth striker Kanu is these  days.

 But just watch this.

 He showed the pace of a teenager to  race in and put Pompey ahead at Nottingham Forest.

 Jamie Ashdown  made a string of second half saves but could do nothing to keep out  Ibrahima Sonko's late own goal.

 Marcus Tudgay then robbed Pompey of  any points with a stoppage time winner.

  Dean Holdsworth picked up a point from his first match as Aldershot  boss.

 Luke Gutteridge put them ahead at Bury.

 But the home side  equalised after the break to leave the Shots bogged down in 19th place  in League Two, just four points It was a weekend of celebration for  racehorse trainer Nicky Henderson from Lambourn in Berkshire.

 The  Long Barrow Stables had five winners on the postponed King  George VI card at Kempton on Saturday, including the winner of  the title race.

 Long Run got the better of Cauto Star and prevented  Lambourn jockey Tony McCoy partnering the horse to a record  fifth successive win in the race.

 In cricket, Hampshire got a second  win in the Caribbean Twenty20 tournament to boost their hopes of  qualifying for the semifinals.

 Three sixes in as many balls from  Johann Myburgh helped underpin their success.

 He bludgeoned 76  from 57 balls as the English Twenty20 champions beat the Leeward  Islands by 46 runs in Antigua.

 Hampshire's final Group B game is  against Trinidad and Tobago at the Kensington Oval in Barbados on  Wednesday.

 In rugby union, London Irish  finally ended a dismal run of ten straight defeats in all  competitions.

 They beat Ospreys 24- 12 in the Heineken Cup at the  Madejski Stadium in Reading yesterday.

 Coach Toby Booth quoted  football Manager Harry Redknapp in his team talk and credited him with  inspiring the success.

 The Exiles scored two tries, the first one  there from Sailosi Tagicakibau.

 A we have him on every Monday exact  we will have to getting in one day.

 He is great.

  You're just showing off now.

 I have not got a lot to show what  about! There is more rain on the way  tonight.

 As you sow with Bournemouth Football Club, there  was a bit of flooding.

 We had localised flooding elsewhere as  well.

 A family became stranded in their  car whilst trying to cross a flooded ford near Brook in the New  Forest.

 And were rescued by Hampshire Fire and Rescue, who took  a picture of the scene.

 One creature that doesn't mind  getting its feet wet, these ducks were captured by Cliff Baxter from  Wareham on the River Frome.

 And there was limited brightness in  the skies over Swanage in Dorset.

 This photo was taken by Phil Bird.

  We could have some heavy bursts of rain in places and pops the of  On the eastern side of the Isle of Wight you should maybe call the  Environment Agency flood line.

 This was the situation last night.

 We  saw the heavy rain were a cane and caused local flooding.

 Followed by  some showers and a bright spells.

 Tonight the rain continues.

 We  could hear the odd rumble of What the rain it will move  eastwards.

 There is the risk of ice in western areas.

 High pressure  over the next 24 hours starts to build from the Atlantic.

 The  isobars widen, so the wind will die down but there will be coming from  the north, making it a little chilly.

 The rain clears after the  North Sea.

 We will see brighter conditions, and not -- a lot nicer  than recent days.

 Patchy cloud here and there but northerly winds  making it feel Cook of.

 -- cooler.

 Temperatures will plummet tomorrow  to just above freezing in our towns and cities.

 In the countryside, it  could dip below zero.

 We could have one or two mist and fog patches  first thing on Wednesday morning, which may be slow to clear up.

  Increasing cloud cover in the east on Wednesday.

 Thursday, generally  cloudy, limited brightness.

 Remaining mainly dry.

 The rain may  return on Friday.

 Some decent sunshine tomorrow on Wednesday, but  the wind will be from the North.

 Continues to slide down in  temperature during the week.

 The risk of showers on Friday.

 You can  get the weather and how website.

 Come and sit down, I know you have  heard your back.

 All that energetic dancing on your  birthday.



 Britain expels the Libyan  ambassador as tensions mount Colonel Gaddafi's regime say he was  the target of the strike which they claim killed one of his sons and  three grandchildren.

 This was a direct operation to assassinate the  leader of this country.

 This is not permitted by international law.

  As Libyan officials claim this is the body of Gaddafi's son, NATO  flatly denies targeting him.

 Should we change the way we vote  for our MPs? The gloves come off again ahead of Thursday's  referendum on voting reform.

 A million people in Rome witness  the beatification of the late Pope  John Paul II.

  And a goal for Aaron Ramsey for Arsenal!  And the Premier League title race  is wide open again, as Arsenal beat  Good afternoon.

 Britain has given the Libyan ambassador 24 hours to  leave the country.

 His expulsion follows attacks on embassies in  Tripoli, including Britain's, by Colonel Gaddafi's supporters.

 They  were angered by a NATO airstrike which the regime claims killed one  of Gaddafi's sons and three of his grandchildren.

 As tensions  heightened today, the United Nations has also ordered all its  staff to leave Libya.

 In a moment, we will have more on the escalation  of tensions between London and Tripoli.

 First, Christian Fraser  reports on the NATO airstrike on  Gaddafi's compound.

  The moment of impact.

 In all, three rockets were fired in quick  succession into this villa close to Colonel Gaddafi's military compound.

  Since our movements here are closely monitored, we are reliant  on the government's account Hoddle was in this building.

 But today  state television produced footage of four shrouded bodies so to be  those of Saif al-Arab Gaddafi, Colonel Gaddafi's younger son and  three of the leader's grandchildren.

 It is hard to imagine anyone could  have survived this attack.

 But the government is claiming Colonel  Gaddafi was there with his wife, but escaped.

 This is a sprawling  villa complex in an exclusive part of the city.

 The house and the  walls around it are built from reinforced concrete, and there are  security cameras in the neighbourhood.

 These were three  enormous blasts that were heard across the city.

 Those loyal to  Colonel Gaddafi say this is evidence that he and his family are  now a target.

 NATO insists that the target was a control and command  facility.

 There was a deep hole beneath the villa, possibly a  bunker or a seller, but difficult to say in the dark.

 Fear that  resulted in the martyrdom of Brother Saif al-Arab Gaddafi, 29  years old, and three of the leader's and children.

 The news of  the deaths gave rise to angry demonstrations.

 The British,  Italian and US embassies and the United Nations offices all came  under attack.

 The Libyan government has expressed regret, blaming an  uncontrollable mob.

 But tonight in response, the Foreign Secretary  William Hague expelled the Libyan ambassador in London, and a un  observer invited here by Colonel Gaddafi told me their international  staff are now being withdrawn.

 In a moment, we will speak to our  diplomatic correspondent outside the Foreign Office.

 First, let's go  back to Christian Fraser in Tripoli.

 Things are moving very fast and  Britain are clearly very much a target now? Very much so.

 The  atmosphere changed here last night, with news of these attacks.

 I have  just come back from the British Embassy, which has been gutted by  fire and is still smouldering.

 Everything has been blackened.

  There are still people crawling over that building and there is no  sign of the police and soldiers that there were there to protect it.

  We were told by people standing in the garden of the Embassy tonight  that there were so many people who descended on the embassy that the  police just wilted into the background.

 But clearly the Libyans  under the Geneva Convention are obliged to protect all foreign  missions in Tripoli, and that did not happen last night.

 You have  already had expressions of concern from governments that have been  made about the attacks on this building.

 I spoke to one un  observer today who was here on a humanitarian mission at the  invitation of Colonel Gaddafi's government.

 They no longer feel  safe.

 She said there officers have been ransacked, and they are  withdrawing to the border.

 Jonathan Beale is at the Foreign Office.

 We  have expelled the Libyan ambassador.

 Where is this leading?  expulsion of the Libyan ambassador from London by the Foreign  Secretary certainly makes the chances of dialogue hard.

 They were  pretty remote anyway.

 But so does the intensified bombing missions by  NATO on the Libyan capital.

 David Cameron and NATO insist that this  was a legitimate target, a command and control centre.

 Another words,  a building be used by the regime from which to give orders.

 NATO's  task has been made all the more difficult because the regime is  using civilians to shield itself from a tax.

 That could mean that  Colonel Gaddafi himself is using his family's home.

 That said, NATO  has blurred the lines here, with Britain, America and France being  clear that Colonel Gaddafi has to go if the bombing raids are going  to stop.

 That is what has raised this question as to whether he is a  legitimate target.

 David Cameron and NATO's say no, but this attack  will add fuel to that far.

 It will make the regime more nervous, but  it will also strengthen the hand of countries like Russia, which are  sceptical about the effect of this and the legitimacy of this military  action.

 Both sides in the alternative vote  referendum have begun their final push to convince people of their  cases ahead of this Thursday's vote on changing the system for electing  MPs to Westminster.

 The Yes campaign, backed by the Deputy  Prime Minister Nick Clegg, say AV would be fairer and can better  reflect people's views.

 The No campaign, supported by David  Cameron, says it wants to stick  with the first-past-the-post system.

  A testing time for the relationship on which the coalition depends, as  Nick Clegg and David Cameron oppose one another in the battle over  whether to change the way we elect our MPs.

 The Prime Minister urged  voters not to ditch the current system.

 No vote is the right answer  to this country, because our current system is simple.

 It is  well understood and fair, because every vote counts the same.

 And you  can get rid of governments you do not like.

 That is a vital thing in  a democracy.

 At the moment, you let your MP by putting one cross  against the name of your favourite candidate and the one with the most  votes wins.

 Under the alternative vote, you would rank in order of  preference.

 To win, a candidate needs more than half the votes.

 If  no candidate has enough, the one with the fewest votes is kicked out  and their second preferences are distributed.

 This goes on until one  of them does have more than half the votes, or there are no more  votes left.

 Nick Clegg said politics must move with the times.

  It is difficult to defend a system where you have won government after  the next who are in power, and yet only a minority of people voted for  them.

 It cannot be right that hundreds of MPs in Parliament have  basically, jobs for life, and yet the majority of their constituents  do not support them.

 On 5th May, something big is happening.

  So far, the public information drive and the war of words between  the yes and no campaigns have failed to inspire many.

 But in  leafy Richmond, west London, long fought over by the Conservatives  and Liberal Democrats, most were at least aware of the arguments.

  Thursday's referendum will have a profound effect on relations within  the coalition government and the future of our politics.

 But the  immediate challenge for both sides is to persuade voters in places  like this to go out to the polls to ensure the legitimacy of the result,  whatever the outcome.

 You have Nick Clegg squabbling with David Cameron  and people calling each other names.

 Am persuaded that AV is the right  thing.

 I do not think many people understand it.

 I would vote for no  change.

 It has been disastrous and bitchy and untruthful and  misleading.

 So I hope people make up their own mind.

 As with many  voters still undecided, the final days of this campaign could be  crucial.

 And there are full details of the  AV referendum on the BBC News The Syrian army is reported to have  seized control of a mosque which has become a centre for anti-  government protests.

 The Omari mosque in the southern city of  Deraa was taken after an assault supported by tanks.

 Foreign  journalists are not allowed into Syria, so our correspondent sent  this report from the Jordanian- Syrian border.

  More footage emerged today of the unimaginable horror inside Deraa.

  The besieged town has come under heavy fire from government troops,  and dozens of people have been killed.

 Personal possessions lie  abandoned in the streets.

 Locals take cover as the sound of gunfire  rings out.

 Others stay in the open to treat the wounded.

 Reports said  that government snipers were now firing from the strategic Omari  mosque in the centre of the town, which they had won back from the  rebels.

 Stuck on the Jordanian side of this now closed border, this  woman fears the worst for her family inside Deraa.

 There are  children there who need food and water, she says.

 But soldiers are  destroying the water tanks.

 Why? They are not terrorists.

 These men  behind me have relatives inside Deraa, and they have told us what  is going on, but they are too afraid to appear on camera because  they say the regime will kill anyone it can identify as its enemy.

  As the Assad government tries to stamp out a rebellion which has now  lasted for several weeks.

 More footage posted on YouTube seems to  show a soldier from the elite Republican Guard, who says he  deserted after being ordered to fire on unarmed civilians.

 With  unconfirmed reports of mass resignations from the ruling Ba'ath  Party, President Assad may not be as secure as he appeared just a few  days ago.

 Head teachers have voted  overwhelmingly in favour of holding a ballot for strike action over  planned changes to their pensions in England and Wales.

 The National  Association of Head Teachers says its members could lose on average  ï¿½100,000 when they retire.

 The government says rising costs and  longer life expectancy means savings have to be made.

 Alison  Moss is in Brighton, where the union is holding its annual  conference.

 It comes as no surprise to hear  that the NAHT has become the latest teachers' union to take the first  steps towards strike action, angry at changes to their pensions which  could see head teachers lose up to ï¿½100,000.

  The children may be enjoying the sunshine, but a decision taken just  over the road could lead to more days off, come the autumn.

 Her  teachers at the NAHT annual conference in Brighton voted  overwhelmingly to ballot for industrial action, angry at changes  to their pension.

 The NAHT is the third teaching unions to back this  action, and it could lead to a mass walkout in schools across England  and Wales.

 The pension changes could see teachers retiring at  potentially 68.

 It would lead to them paying higher pension  contributions, and they would then receive a pension not based on  their final salary, but on the average they had erred and over  their career.

 The Secretary of State, Michael Gove, arrived at the  conference unsure of how he would be greeted, but aware of the vote  which had taken place.

 I understand that you have had a debate about  the terms and conditions of pensions this morning.

 Word of it  has reached my ears.

 He described the reforms as a tough and  uncomfortable decision, but one he was prepared to negotiate on.

 Head  teachers will be balloted in the autumn, but having heard Michael  Gove's speech, there is an air of confidence that this dispute can be  resolved.

 He was very quick to say that he recognised that this was  part of our life pay.

 He seems to be listening.

 He was talking about  the way he wanted to go forward.

 the warmth of the May sunshine,  industrial action in the autumn term seems a long way off.

 So a  ballot in the autumn, and if head teachers then decide to vote for  industrial action, a strike could happen soon after, which would  affect thousands of schools across England, Wales and Northern Ireland.

  More than a million people turned out in St Peter's Square in Rome to  see the late Pope, John Paul II, officially beatified.

 Pope Benedict  declared his Polish predecessor, who died six years ago, a "blessed"  of the Roman Catholic Church, the last step before full sainthood.

  Duncan Kennedy was among the crowds at the Vatican  St Peter's Square could not take all those who wanted to come, but  they came anyway.

 More than a million people to witness Pope John  Paul's elevation to the status of the blessed.

 Among the congregation,  President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, given special permission to attend  despite a European Union travel ban.

 Elsewhere, thousands had come from  John Paul's home in Poland.

 The blood of Pope John Paul was offered  up by Sister Marie, the nun who the judge says was miraculously healed  of Parkinson's disease by John Paul.

 Pope Benedict declared the  beatification over.

 And the faithful responded, just as they  did during John-Paul's 26 year papacy.

 It is a miracle that I made  it to the piazza.

 It was hard to come, but it was worth it.

 I am so  happy.

 I love him very much.

 It was just his reach around the world,  touching so many different people, that made him special.

 Pope John  Paul II certainly had his critics, but those views have, for this day,  been put to one side by the pilgrims who have come here simply  to win this his transition to sainthood.

 Later, John Paul's  simple coffin was laid out for people to pay their respects to the  Pope some say was flawed, but who for most Catholics is now destined  to become one of their most revered Now, on a busy afternoon of Premier  League action, here's Olly Foster with the sport.

  What a weekend for the Premier League title race.

 The leaders  Manchester United lost 1-0 to Arsenal today and as Sir Alex  Ferguson said afterwards, "that's  given Chelsea a major chance.

" Andy  Just a few weeks ago, this looked like being the title decider, but  not any more.

 While Arsenal's hopes might have gone, did they still  have something up their sleeve? They could still dent United's  chances and Arsenal began the brighter.

 Theo Walcott blazing over  before the first half's big talking point.

 Replays show at Nemanja  Vidic knocked the ball with his hand.

 After the break Arsenal's  hard work paid off.

 Up stepped Aaron Ramsey.

 Arsenal head and the  Emirates that erupted.

 United probed for an equaliser.

 Michael  Owen felt he should have had a penalty.

 But all to no avail.

 You  could hear the cheers from Stamford Bridge.

 United just three points  ahead of Chelsea and they meet next weekend.

 That really could be the  title decider.

 Liverpool are on a roll - they're  up to fifth in the Premier League after beating Newcastle 3-0 earlier  this afternoon.

 Maxi Rodriguez, Dirk Kuyt and Luis Suarez with  their goals at Anfield.

 They now occupy the Europa League  qualification spot at Tottenham's expense.

 Manchester City beat well  -- West Ham and Wolves and Birmingham drew 1-1.

  Celtic are now just one point behind Rangers with a game in hand  in the Scottish Premier League.

 They beat Dundee United 4-1 at  Parkhead.

 Substitute Daryl Murphy got their fourth in injury time.

  Northampton Saints are into the European Heineken Cup final after  thrashing Perpignan 23-7 in Milton Keynes.

 Saints were last in the  final 11 years ago, when they won it.

 Ben Foden and Jon Clarke scored  their first-half tries.

 They'll play Leinster in the final.

  The World Snooker final is under way and it's 4-4 between John  Higgins and Judd Trump.

 But there was some very sad news this morning  - one of the game's great commentators, Ted Lowe, has died.

  With almost 30 years behind the microphone for the BBC, Whispering  Ted, as he became affectionatley known, described many of snooker's  most famous matches.

 He's done it!  This was the 1985 black ball final.

  Than it -- Dennis Taylor, for the

 Mike says he makes 3p profit on one  Welcome to Midlands Today.

 The headlines: Father and son are  found guilty of trafficking women across Europe for the sex trade.

  Aston Villa clinch the club's biggest transfer deal.

 £18 million  or more for Darren Bent.

 The impact of rising inflation or  all of us trying to make ends meet.

 There is no help, it is all going  up and not coming down.

 And watching them watching us.

 How  the latest facial recognition Good evening.

 Welcome to Tuesday's  Midlands Today.

 Tonight, women trafficked as sex  slaves and the men who shipped them across Europe simply to make money.

  Father and son Bogdan and Marius Nejloveanu beat and raped some of  their five victims.

 Today they were found guilty at Manchester Crown  Court of the 34 charges and will be sentenced later.

 The girls were  brought from Romania with promises of new life and good wages in  Britain.

 Once here they were taken to Birmingham and Manchester and  made to work in the sex trade.

 It is the poorest country in the  European Union.

 The average annual wage in Romania is just £5,000,  less than a quarter of the UK's.

 In rural areas many earn a pittance.

  This young woman was a good 1,300 miles to Birmingham with the  promise of a job that would pay for electricity at the family home.

 We  cannot reveal her identity so have called her Nadia.

 TRANSLATION: The  man said he would take us to England to work for a 1,000 euros a  month, working in restaurants cleaning dishes.

 She was brought to  Birmingham by this man, Marius Nejloveanu.

 He and his father were  said to run the trafficking operation like a family business.

  TRANSLATION: We worked as prostitutes.

 He said we would do  exactly as his other women were doing.

 This particular victim was  rescued by police at a house in this street in Birmingham.

 They  were acting on a tip-off from Greater Manchester Police.

 The  woman did not even know which country she was in, let alone which  city.

 If the only possessions she had were the clothes she was  standing in.

 At least four other young women were trafficked by the  Pep.

 Two were just 17, one of whom had been brought up in an orphanage.

  They were made to work in brothels in Birmingham and Manchester, often  beaten and threatened with knives.

 Some were raped.

 It was like buying  and selling its cars to them, they saw them as commodities to do with  what they wanted.

 To sell them when they caused problems.

 The father  and son were roomette -- arrested in Romania and Spain after a  European police operation.

 They denied chatting women into the UK  up for sexual exploitation but, while awaiting trial in prison,  Marriott tried to track another woman.

 He declared his love for her  but then it wrote to a friend telling him that he wanted to put  her to work.

 He told him to tell her that he would marry her.

 Bogdan  Nejloveanu rang his wife from prison asking her to find a younger  girl.

 Age irrelevant.

 TRANSLATION: Are you stupid? 16 works here,  nobody cares.

 Tracking foreign women for sexual exploitation is  difficult to detect.

 The police rely on tip-offs from the victims  or clients, as with his raid in Birmingham, which led to two  Hungarians being jailed.

 Police research suggests 75% of off-street  sex workers in the Midlands are from abroad and at least 2,500  trafficked women are being forced to work as prostitutes in England  and Wales.

 But charities like Amnesty International believe this  is a low estimate of the extent of I am joined now from London by  Klara Skrivankova from Anti-Slavery International.

 Good evening.

 First  of all, your reaction to the verdict? Could anything.

 We are  very happy to see people being brought to justice for track again,  because we still see very few people being convicted for this  horrendous crime in the UK.

 We estimate there are about 5,000  people at any given time in the UK trafficked for sexual exploitation  and forced labour.

 But since 2003 we have seen under 200 people being  convicted of trafficking charges.

 was going to pick up on that.

 We  heard that sex trafficking is far worse than statistics show.

 Do you  think it is as bad as the it is the tip -- statistics you have? We have  minimum S de Metz, but it is the tip of the iceberg.

 -- we have  minimum estimates.

 No place in the world is immune to trafficking, we  see this happening to towns like Birmingham but also to small towns  or even villages and residential areas, where people never suspect  something like that is happening.

 What can we do to stop this  happening? I think one of the important things is to make this a  priority.

 The low level of convictions means that this issue  is still not a police priority.

 Police are not being evaluated, no  targets are being set on trafficking.

 At the same time,  those who have been trafficked are not protected and are not able to  then act as witnesses.

 A lot of people who have been trafficked  never received any assistance, and fall through the cracks.

 Of course  that means they are being enslaved again and again.

 Very worrying  In the last hour, Aston Villa have clinched their biggest, indeed the  region's biggest, transfer deal by signing Darren Bent from Sunderland  for £18 million.

 In a moment the latest from Villa Park and the  views of former striker Steve Claridge.

  But first let's tell you what Villa are getting for their cash.

 Bent  has made 362 appearances in total, scoring 153 goals, one of the best  strike rate in the country.

 That is why he has been in demand.

  Tottenham paid £16.

5 million for him in 2007, before another big-  money transfer to Sunderland.

 Off the pitch he apparently likes  social networking sites like Twitter, but he does not like  spiders or fly in.

 Worth knowing.

 Let's go to Villa  Park where it has been confirmed that he will wear claret and blue  from now on.

 To us more? It has been quite a long day,  because we thought this signing might take place late yesterday.

 We  have hung around the training ground all day but within the last  hour Villa have finally got their man.

 Darren Bent has signed for £18  million which could rise to £24 million.

 That doubles the previous  record straps for for the club, so there is a lot of pressure.

 --  record transfer record.

 There is a lot of pressure on the man Who Must  score goals to save them from relegation.

 Do you think he is  worth £18 million? Bear in mind the context of the amount of money  floating around in the Premier League.

 It is worth around £50  million per season to be in that league so, if he keeps them up this  season, they are already paid it back.

 And it is a big vote of  confidence for the manager, Gerard Houllier, who did not have time to  do transfers in summer when he arrived.

 There was a wobble before  Christmas and a vote of confidence from the board.

 An enormous vote of  confidence behind him now to spend this sort of money to maybe escape  relegation this season and kick on and get back to where they were,  trying to push for Europe, under Martin O'Neill.

 You wonder why he  would want to lead a club like Sunderland? That is the big  question, why has he swapped Sunderland in a situation where  they are now where Villa were last season, pushing for a place in  Europe.

 Why has he swapped that for a relegation battle now? Some  former professionals I have interviewed say they can only be  one motivation, and that is money.

 To defend him, he has been out of  the first team at Sunderland this season with others coming in, so he  may be hungry for first-team football.

 The statistics show he is  a goalscorer and Villa need goals.

 Joining us now from Southampton is  the ex-Blues, Wolves and Walsall striker Steve Claridge.

 Good  evening, Steve.

 What do you make of this deal for Villa? First reaction  from most people is that they are surprised at the amount.

 The  transfer has come to a huge amount.

 In the last five years, he is the  third top scorer in the Premiership behind Didier Drogba and Wayne  Rooney only.

 He has 81 goals.

 That also includes the fragmented time  at Tottenham so when you look at his form in the last five years it  stands up to the closest scrutiny.

 Aston Villa fans will be thrilled  that he is coming here.

 Why do you think he wants to leave Sunderland  and come to Villa? No matter what you say, I will fall on the side of  not going with the money.

 I will say that Aston Villa, certainly in  recent history and the long traditions of the club, if you were  going to grade the Premiership, you would put them in a higher grade  and Sunderland at the moment.

 I know Sunderland are upwardly mobile  and have had a fantastic year, but you would still say that Villa are  slightly the bigger club.

 League positions do not dictate that but  in the long run that is probably how it will pan out.

 Good to talk  to you, thanks.

 Exciting times.

  It is all going on.

 A still ahead, here on a Midlands  Today, will public libraries fall victim to spending cuts as dozens  Pictures at a school for children with behavioural problems went out  on strike today in protest against violent attacks.

  Staff say they have been kicked, punched and threatens and claimed  the education authority is failing They say they do not want to struck  but have no other option.

 Staff at the Lanchester Special School at  Castle Bromwich near Birmingham claim they are exposed to violence  from pupils almost daily.

 One teacher has been attacked four  times and says it is unacceptable.

 These pupils are challenging.

 They  have all sorts of problems but we should not expect violence from  them.

 There are ways of dealing with situations that do not have to  result in violence.

 There are just over 30 pupils here, all of them  with emotional and behavioural problems.

 Teachers said they used  to have to restrain children several times each year but since  September that figure has rocketed.

 We do not want to take this action,  it is an absolute last resort.

 It has been going on now for over two  years.

 We have asked the council to listen to us and they haven't.

  have been given a statement by Solihull council, in which they say  they are disappointed that the education of vulnerable children  has been disrupted by this strike.

 They also say that there have been  assaults on staff, but none have required first aid treatment.

 They  add that the safety of staff and pupils is a paramount matter to  them.

 Teachers will return to the classrooms tomorrow but they are  prepared to strike again if the Unions say talks to try to resolve  Birmingham's been a dispute have broken up without agreement.

 Been  men claimed that some of them stand to lose £4,000 per year because of  changes to pay and conditions.

 Trade unionists met council  officials for two hours today.

 Discussions were said to be heated.

  They are due to resume on Friday.

 Today's inflation figures confirm  that prices are rising fast, up 3.

7% in a year, well above the  Government's 2% target.

 It is essentials like food and fuel which  are going up most, while wages are hardly rising at all.

  Our reporter Joan Cummins has been talking to a Coventry family who,  like many, are struggling to make ends meet.

  The Smith family from Allesley are fairly typical of households across  the country trying to make ends meet.

 They have seen their weekly  shopping bill increased by an average of £40 per week, and are  always trying to find ways of budgeting to keep themselves in the  black.

 There is no help, it is all going up.

 And not coming down.

 The  only thing we look forward to is when Adrian gets over time.

 We get  a bit of extra money.

 Then we can do a few more fun of things, but  apart from that, they are not really giving us much hope.

 We do  try to economise with our shopping, try to buy more own brands and  things like that.

 We plan our menus for the week, what we are going to  eat, and only by what is on the menu to try to reduce our shopping  costs.

 I cycle to work every day, six miles.

 That saves around £20  per week.

 It would seem, on our continuing quest for a bargain, the  savvy shopper is returning to places like Coventry market for a  good deal.

 It has got it going on, you know what I mean? It is cheaper  and good quality.

 It is fresh produce and generally a lot better  for you.

 We have noticed a lot of new customers.

 They are coming from  all over, people from Stratford at the weekend, you know? Places like  that.

 Becketts of Wythall prides itself on the use of local  suppliers and fresh produce but world prices affect their profit  margin.

 There is a global crisis in the grain market across the world  and that puts pressure on everything.

 It pushes food prices  up, which has a knock-on effect.

 Bio fuel production puts pressure  on the grain industry as well.

 So there is pressure all around.

  today's increase in inflation, the need to ensure value for money will  continue to be a high priority for We are now joined by Isabelle  Szmigin, Professor of Marketing at the University of Birmingham.

 We  heard there that people are really struggling and wages are not going  up.

 How will we cope? We are going to see changes in consumer  behaviour like the examples you just had their.

 People have to make  decisions about what they do, so it is not just a case of possibly  changing things in their shopping basket, but making decisions for  example about not going out to eat so much.

 Those are the kinds of  shifts we will probably see in consumer behaviour.

 Do you think we  have got used to a luxurious lifestyle in the boom years  recently? That we go out more and have holidays and expect to do  those things? Of course.

 And we must remember that our food is  still a relatively small part of our overall disposal income  compared to previous generations.

 Also, people's behaviour with  regard to food, making sure they eat what they had in the fridge  rather than wasting food, they will be much more aware of what things  cost than they have done previously.

 We all do by too much, don't we?  But we don't want to focus on families too much because  pensioners are finding it just as hard, as are people living on their  own.

 I cannot benefit from the multi- buys.

 There will be certain  sections of the committee that will be particularly hard hit.

 People  that are unemployed, but also people on their own, on an income  that they cannot change.

 As you say, these people cannot benefit from a  bulk buys.

 What would your advice be to then? I think they have to  shop very carefully.

 What we are finding now is that a number of  supermarkets have not only own- label goods but budget labels.

 If  they shop around and are careful, I think that we still have got some  room for manoeuvre.

 Thanks for coming in.

  Still ahead in the programme: The row threatening the country's top  speedway club.

 They have resigned from the lead in protest at rule  Using a computer to track people as they move through a crowd has  become routine technology.

 A familiar idea but in practice it is  technology which does not always deliver.

  Now a company says it can change all that as a was Science  Correspondent David Gregory reports.

 -- as a Our Science Correspondent.

  Among other things his company makes the components for ejector  seats where reliability it is essential.

 That is also true of  their computer programmed to recognise faces.

 CCTV has a  multitude of formats.

 One problem is police trailing through miles  and miles of videotape.

 This is a very quick method of identifying  what you want.

 The company says the system works well which has not  always been true of other attempts at facial recognition.

 This group  of passengers is stand here and on the right a series of images are  extracted.

 The pictures are then used to identify the passengers and  the result appears at the bottom of the screen.

 The system can also be  used with existing CCTV cameras, even if they are quite low  resolution.

 If you are trying to install it in an airport you do not  need to go and put in new cameras just to fit this system.

 Such as an  installation, you get all the functionality from it, but without  having to invest huge sums of money in wiring and cabling and expensive  cameras.

 The system can attract passengers through an airport to  ensure they all get on their flight, or spot people in -- of interest,  which in this case is me.

 While it is flattering that the system  things are and 80% similar to Ben Affleck, it is the 20% which made  the difference.

 We are trying it at Brisbane airport and from there,  Singapore, Dubai, Hong Kong.

 Also London.

 The system will also work  as a smart phone application, allowing the police for example to  take a picture of me and check that Clever stuff.

  Public libraries are feeling the impact of cuts with learned -- many  local authorities looking for savings.

  In Shropshire that could mean fewer mobile libraries.

  In Walsall a third of libraries at risk to save £1.

3 million.

  And in Gloucestershire 11 libraries could close altogether.

  Lindsay Doyle has been looking at the future of a service which once  seemed an essential part of life for so many of us.

  Reading, normally considered a quiet part time.

 Threatened with a  43% cut to Gloucestershire's libraries and a public outcry.

 Nine  libraries will stay as they are.

 Others will have their hours  reduced.

 11 are being earmarked for closure unless they are taken over  by the community.

 Volunteers.

 Mobile services are being axed.

  Gloucestershire County Council says it must save £108 million.

 But the  proposed library cuts have led to one of the biggest campaign the  county has seen.

 They provide a lot of support at computer used for  people and are unemployed or without internet access at home.

  There is a lot more to the job than just stamping books in and out.

 It  is an insult to them that anyone can walk of the street and do their  job.

 Research from library and information professionals shows  that more than 320 million visits are made to UK public libraries  each year.

 While more people use them than include -- attend all  Premier League football matches.

 This is a time when we need  libraries even more.

 They deliver literacy for children, help adults  find jobs and small enterprises get information they need to build  growth.

 A petition of over 10,000 signatures has forced councillors  to debate their plant at tomorrow's full council meeting.

 We are having  conversations across all of the libraries and, and we are really  hope of success.

 So I think it is premature to think about libraries  closing at this stage.

 The campaign is being backed by leading authors,  including the children's author and illustrator of Horrible Sciences.

  Younger children can get through several picture books in a week.

  Families cannot afford to go out and buy all those books.

 Children  get through books very, very quickly.

 That is what libraries are  therefore.

 They can go in, get best election, take them away and come  back the next week.

 A final decision on the future of  Gloucestershire's libraries is at - - expected next month.

  I love going to the library.

 It would be awful if they closed.

  We asked for your comments earlier and have had a lot of them.

  Kate Dixon from Bridgnorth rang us to say her daughter-in-law is a  librarian, and sent out a message on Twitter asking people to support  local libraries.

 It was so popular, it became one of the top trending  Twitter subjects worldwide at the weekend.

  John in Cheltenham says he's particularly concerned about the  closure of smaller libraries in less well-off areas, where they  offer a range of valuable community And Lucy from Kidderminster e-  mailed to say she uses her local library to study because she can  find much more specific information in books, which you can't get on  Let's talk about speedway.

 It could disappear from Coventry next season  unless there is a last-minute compromise to settle a row that has  split the sport in two.

 Last year the Coventry Bees  finished as champions but have now quit the Elite League.

 It is a bit  like Manchester United resigning from the Premier League.

  Coventry will not defend their title unless a solution can be  Home owners who have their own Tuning up the bikes that may never  race in England next season.

 These are worrying times for Coventry's  top rider Bomber Harris and his mechanic Ted Ridgeley.

 Because the  Bees feel they've been unfairly stung by new rule changes to amend  the riders points averages.

 And that's why they've pulled out of  the Elite League.

 The crisis began back in November when the British  Speedway Promoters changed the rules for 2011, and called for  "harmony and compromise".

 In December Coventry took legal advice  to challenge the BSPA.

 And now, they've quit the Elite League in  protest at what they describe as "prejudicial, discriminatory and  illegal rule changes".

 Yesterday, talks broke down, And the promoters  say they're "disappointed" that the parties have been unable to resolve  their differences.

 Are they just being a bit stubborn in all this,  Coventry Bees? I don't think so.

 We just want a level playing field.

  That is all we ask for.

 Do you think there will be speedway here  next season? I would like to think so, but at the moment, it would be  a sad day.

 I would not like to see speedway closed at Coventry.

  British Speedway Promoters Association say the door is still  open for Coventry to resume their membership but fast -- time is fast  running out.

 If no compromise is reached these pits could remain  silent through the season.

 Three months ago, the Coventry Bees were  celebrating a famous victory over Paul pirates in the Grand Final.

  Nobody dreamt they would not be around to defend their crown but it  is a very real possibility unless there is a last-ditch attempt to  solve this bitter row within the Elite League.

  Speedway missing in Coventry is unthinkable, I am sure the  authorities will come to a compromise in the end.

 By R v  Manchester United of the Elite League, the big guns.

 -- they are  the Manchester United.

 And tomorrow morning, on the BBC  Coventry and Warwickshire breakfast show, Shane O'Connor will be  finding out if there have been any more developments from Alan  Rossiter, co-promoter of the Coventry Bees.

  I hope today lifted just spirits.

 There was plenty of sunshine today.

  But because of the settled conditions and clear skies  overnight, we will see some of Frost and fog patches developing at  the temperatures dip.

 This is the high pressure over us giving us the  settled conditions.

 The isobars are very a floppy at the moment, very  loose, which indicates that the wind is also very light.

 So there  is not much movement, it will only move slightly westwards by Sunday.

  Tonight, quite a widespread frost developing.

 The blue colours will  spread in from the West.

 They may not reach the North East of the  region, to keep the temperatures slightly higher there.

 But the  further west you go, a minimum of minus two Celsius.

 Mist and fog  patches in places.

 That Frost and fog lingers into tomorrow morning  but gradually clears.

 If the fog lingers it will hold temperatures  down, but when it finally clears, we are looking at another day like  today with a good deal of sunshine.

 A dry one with highs of around six  Celsius.

 Fairly widespread fog and frost tomorrow night.

 That may  struggle to lift on a Thursday.

 If it does, it will go into low cloud  so a much more dull day on Thursday but still drive.

 Day by day  temperatures will drop a degree by The headlines: Inflations jumps by  more than expected, as the cost of living goes up by 3.

7%.

  A father and son are found guilty of trafficking women across Europe  The legendary Birmingham musician and BBC WM presenter Bev Bevan is  the latest celebrity to be told he'll get a place on the Broad  Street Walk of Stars.

 Other

 Hello, welcome to Midlands Today  with Suzanne Virdee and Nick Owen.

 The headlines tonight:  Unemployment continues to rise.

 It's going up faster here than  anywhere else in the country.

 have never seen the job market this  bad, not in my trade.

 Police hunt two men after two  lorries are deliberately crashed into homes at a travellers' site.

  There were three adults and nine children asleep at the time.

 We are  taking this incident very seriously.

 Brought in to sort out a failing  social services department.

 The new woman in charge speaks out.

  And another Midlands derby to come, as Stoke and Wolves win their way  through to a fourth round tie in Good evening.

 Welcome to Midlands  Today.

 Tonight, unemployment is up again  and rising faster here than anywhere else in the country.

  There is now a total of 264,000 people out of work in the West  Midlands, 9.

9% of the working population, the highest in the UK.

  The latest figures show another 48,000 people have lost their jobs  in the last three months.

 We also have the top three unemployment  blackspots in the country, all in Birmingham.

 With public sector job  cuts to come, it is feared the figure could rise sharply in the  coming months.

 The future looks bleak for  thousands of workers, but Lee Hackett is one of the lucky ones.

  He left school at 14 with no qualifications but, after getting  on a course to train as a mechanic, it now has a job with a car company  in a Smethwick.

 It has changed me a lot because now I have money, I can  go out and do what I need to do.

 I don't have to sit at home doing  nothing.

 If for many it is still the depressing ride of coming to  places like this looking for a job.

 Birmingham has the worst three  areas in the country for unemployment.

 In Hodge Hill,  Sparkbrook and Lady Wood.

 I have never seen the job market is bad,  not in my trade anyway.

 What hopes to you have of finding a job?  much.

 I have been trying, though.

 With one in 10 of the West Midlands  work force now unemployed, competition for jobs is now intense.

  But at least some businesses are creating new post in the region.

  This company specialises in cavity wall insulation.

 The availability  of government grants means there is a big demand from householders.

  are busy and recruiting.

 Up to September last year, 2010, we were  employed in 19 employees.

 Since then we are now up to 40, so we  have doubled our operation.

 If only the construction industry as a  whole could say the same.

 These workers in Warwickshire are lucky  to be in jobs.

 Builders say it is wrong to assume the private sector  can replace all the work lost due to cuts.

 The building and  construction industry is still in a dire mess.

 One company I have  contacted 18 months ago had 108 staff.

 As of yesterday they have 40.

  And, with tens of thousands of public sector job cuts still to  come in the Midlands this year, a recovery is not likely soon.

  The Conservative MP for Halesowen and Rowley Regis, James Morris,  joins us now.

 We have seen the 80 go up, inflation go up and now  unemployment.

 A dismal start to the year, your reaction? They reveal  the scale of the challenge we face.

 We inherited a difficult economic  situation from the previous government and we have had to take  some tough decisions.

 We do now need to start tackling the problem  of private sector jobs growth in the West Midlands.

 It is a long-  term structural problem and we need to tackle it.

 Why is it so bad here,  then? There is a long-term structural problem in the West  Midlands economy, which is why I have been supporting the Black  Country Local Enterprise Partnership.

 There have been  disabilities with youth unemployment and we need to start  focusing on that.

 -- difficulties.

 We need to focus on that to see  where we can generate private sector jobs, rebalance the economy,  and develop the West Midlands economy in the way that it needs to  move forward.

 They is no evidence yet of private sector growth at  all? Should the coalition be doing more? We started the year by saying  we are determined to generate this growth.

 We are beginning to see  more vacancies in the economy.

 The Independent office for budget  responsibility is predicting that unemployment will fall over the  lifetime of this Parliament, and we need to be supporting local  businesses.

 Generating jobs and supporting businesses which will  see that private sector jobs growth in the West Midlands in advanced  manufacturing and transport technologies.

 We need to focus with  laser precision on generating that private sector growth.

 A can you  see why the opposition are claiming you are doing this too fast and too  deeply? I do not accept that.

 I think we inherited the largest  fiscal deficit this country has seen since the Second World War.

 We  have taken the tough decisions necessary to get this country back  on a stable footing and if we had not taken those decisions, we would  say higher unemployment and less growth.

 We have taken the right  decisions and we will now focus on driving but absolutely essential  private sector jobs growth which the West Midlands economy, in  particular, desperately needs.

 Police are hunting the drivers of  two lorries tonight after they were crashed into homes at a travellers'  site and then set alight.

 Both drivers escaped by car after what  is thought to have been a deliberate attack near the village  of Coven Heath in South Staffordshire.

  Liz Copper joins us now from close to the site.

  Police were called here around 5:30am today.

 When they got here  they discovered serious structural damage to the homes, and they say  it is amazing nobody was seriously injured.

 The two lorries ploughed  into the gates of this property, smashing through the wall.

 They  were then set alight as the drivers escaped.

 The family who live here  are members of the travelling community.

 Police do not yet know  why they were targeted.

 Two worries have driven onto the site and  caused damage to two houses.

 There were three adults and nine children  asleep at the time, so it was a very dangerous act and we are  taking this incident very seriously.

 The owners of the site have been  here for nearly 10 years and have planning permission for the  buildings.

 But the site has attracted controversy and some  opposition locally.

 It has 178 houses in it.

 It is a small  community.

 A tight community.

 The majority of people that live here  are retired or, there are young families, but the majority are  retired.

 It is obviously a violent incident, and people of all the  years do not particularly want this on their doorstep.

 Police say they  are keeping an open mind over the motive for the attack and urge  anyone with information to come forward.

  The book police have any idea who is responsible for this, and why? -  - do police? They are saying tonight, and  stressing, that their investigations up very early.

  Although there have been some are planning disputes on this site,  they are not necessarily linked to this investigation.

 The homes here  have CCTV cameras on the gates, so as you understand the police will  look about footage very carefully.

 We are on the busy A 449 road,  which runs between Wolverhampton and daily, or close to the and 54  motorway junction.

 We -- the police hope that motorists may have  information and urge them to contact them all crime stoppers  anonymously if they have any information.

 -- or crime stoppers.

  BUPA has been fined £150,000 for breaching safety rules after a  pensioner died at one of its nursing homes.

  74-year-old Brigid O'Callaghan was strangled by a belt after being  left strapped in a wheelchair overnight.

 This report from  Birmingham Crown Court.

 We want to live here having spoken out about  how a large and powerful organisation -- large and powerful  organisation like BUPA conduct their business.

 The son and  daughter of a victim -- the son and daughter of 74-year-old Brigid  O'Callaghan speak out.

 She had slight brain damage and Alzheimer's  when she entered the BUPA ran Amberley court care home in  Edgbaston.

 She was also wheelchair- bound and needed help with also a -  - almost everything but the court heard that neglect and sloppiness  by care staff left her dead.

 The court heard how on 27th October,  2005, staff took her at her word when she said she could put herself  to bed and left unchecked all night.

 She was found dead in the morning,  fully clothed, in her wheelchair but had slipped down and the strap  of the chair was around her neck.

 She had been strangled.

 The  progress report appeared, said she had had a "restful night".

 Her  family were also upset that it took until yesterday for BUPA to admit  they bridged health and safety laws.

 Ever since her tragic and senseless  loss they have been calculating in the extreme, in their insistence in  treating the whole affair as an exercise in damage limitation.

  Little comfort for those who have lost a mother who said their mother  was decent, hard-working, and knew right from wrong.

  Up to 500 jobs could go at Staffordshire County Council, to  save money.

 The authority says it must make £10 million worth of  savings to meet spending targets in the next 12 months.

  Detectives investigating the death of a man following a fight at a was  sheer pub have charged a man with murder.

 50-year-old John Parkinson  died from injuries he received at the Red Lion in Old Church on  Saturday night.

 A 20-year-old man will appear before magistrates in  Redditch tomorrow morning.

 You are watching Midlands Today.

  Still to come: Find out why these football wives are off to walk the  Great Wall of China.

 We reveal all white on.

  But now, unions at Cadbury say they are still concerned about the long-  term future of chocolate mating in the Midlands, exactly one year  after they were taken over by American food giant Kraft.

 Workers  are still in the dark about plans.

 Our business correspondent has  looked at how Cadbury have fared so far under new management.

  Your reaction to the takeover news? 12 months ago not even the sweet  taste of Cadbury chocolate could sweeten the workers who, despite  protests, faced life under new management.

 And according to this  new book, despite the fact that many small shareholders were  against the takeover, eventually it was just 60 fund managers who see  of Cadbury's fate.

 For Kraft, bagging a Heritage brand like  Cadbury should have been a textbook takeover.

 But instead it soon  turned into a PR disaster, when the company announced it was closing  the Kinsham a plant near Bristol.

 Before the takeover it had offered  to keep it open, but workers were not the only ones baying for blood.

  Parliamentarians even got an apology.

 We are terribly sorry  about that, and I personally and terribly sorry.

 Throughout the year,  the thing that really raised eyebrows was the whereabouts of  Kraft chairman Irene Rosenfeld.

 The second most powerful woman in the  world, according to a United States magazine, she had not been seen at  Cadbury.

 But back in October that all changed when she visited the  Bournville factory, and gave an I actually wanted to wait until we  could go ahead, there was a lot of discussion about the past.

 During  the visit she pledged to keep the remaining UK factories open for two  years.

 She told about plans to make Bournville a centre for chocolate  excellence moving craft employees from a Germany and investing in the  factory.

 Soon they will be developing products just not for  Cadbury but also for Kraft.

 According to manager at Bournville,  it is the Sir -- first of several investments.

 We have business all  round the world, all of the delicious treats that Kraft cells  will be invented in Bournville.

 Elsewhere, some job losses will be  expected in Tottenham, Union say that those that remain a Capri  factions have concerns.

 -- Cadbury.

 The day-to-day business, I am more  concerned about long-term relations to the brand and the continuation  of this -- brand been made in Birmingham.

 One year after the  takeover, not much has changed in the Midlands, workers say it has  been business as usual.

 The integration plan to bring Cadbury  and Kraft together is expected to be completed in June.

  With us is Professor David Bailey from Coventry University Business  School.

 Should the unions be concerned? I think that they have  got valid concerns.

 The investment has been policy -- positive.

 Kraft  had to borrow a lot of money for this takeover, there will be job  losses coming up in the years.

 the think there will be? It is too  early to say.

 It is a question of craft are looking to generate  maximum profit.

 D'you think there is a danger but of Cadbury being  overwhelmed, losing its identity? think they recognise the value of  Bournville, they are investing in it.

 If they close operations there,  or they don't take it so seriously, but will undermine them.

 They have  recognised that it.

 The broader issues about their operations in  the UK and to what extent able to that, or if they want to move  operations overseas.

 What about Leominster and the factories near  the Welsh border? They're more remote, they will probably look to  source elsewhere, let us at that that does not happen -- hope.

  Birmingham's troubled Children's Services Department has been in the  headlines for the wrong reasons in recent years, the question is can  be sorted out.

 Eleanor of Brazil was appointed last October, she is  a troubleshooter.

 She has ruffled feathers in her latest job by  suspending one of their colleagues.

 And having to deal with the fall-  out after a serious case review.

 She does not like the title  troubleshooter, but social services in Birmingham is in trouble.

 A  series of child debt, a lack of experience child services, a black  -- a quarter of recrimination.

 Eleanor Brazil to double last  October.

 One notices Benn the previous head of children's  services? It is related to concerns we had  about the Bishop of the children and social care services.

 -- the  leadership.

 It is absolutely critical at this time.

 We know  there we have got improvements to be made.

 A two-year-old boy a Keanu  Williams has died.

 He was seen three times at the Children's  Hospital and was known to social services.

 Any debt of a child is a  tragedy, for the child, the family and everybody, where you have got  an authority who have been criticised for the quality of their  safe guarding service and where we know that will be taking steps to  improve that but it is still inconsistent, unfortunately, it is  possible that something like this can happen and has happened.

  death of Khyra Ishaq, start to death by her mother shocked the  nation.

 Social services were performing poorly and failing to  protect children.

 Social services had been a mess in the City for a  decade, what can you do to change things? It will take time, you  cannot change overnight something that has not worked well for quite  a considerable period of time.

 Where children are it -- at risk  and it is possible to support them safely at home with their families  which is what we want to do, but in some cases we need to be able to  make the decision that it is not say for those children to stay in  that family.

 FoE's decision-making process has need to be -- those  decision-making process is need to be well informed.

 Many people think  that their job may be difficult, but Eleanor Brazil's job is a stark  one, she needs to save the lives of children who are in serious threat  of harm.

 Let us go to sport.

  Wolverhampton Wanderers and Stoke City will go head-to-head at  Molineux in the FA Cup 4th round, in League Two Shrewsbury Town are  celebrating their first win set -- since September.

  Stoke's failure to win their home game against Cardiff had left them  with a tricky trip to the Championship high flyers.

 They had  to survive a penalty appeal to take the game into extra time but two  minutes later they were in front.

 Jon Walters quickest to Michael  Tonge's corner.

 Relief and joy for the travelling fans.

 Five minutes  from the end, Walters got his second at the second attempt and  Stoke were through, but would it be Wolves waiting for them? Well, that  was a much more straight forward answer as Premier League quality  told at Molineux.

 Steven Fletcher's early goal settled any nerves  before a second-half barrage.

 Geoffrey Mujangi Bia marked only  his third start for the club with his first goal and from then on  Wolves helped themselves.

 Kevin Doyle, Matt Jarvis and David Jones  gave manager Mick McCarthy the perfect tonic after climbing off  his sick bed to pace the touchline.

 In League Two Shrewsbury ended a  five-game winless streak which had seen them drop-out of the play offs  with a 3-1 win at Accrington.

 James Collins has already been a hit at  Burton this season but it was Shrewsbury who stepped in to buy  him from Aston Villa this month.

 Their reward was a vital double  last night and Mark Wright's third lifted them back into the top six.

  What is the connection between five Premier League WAGs and the Great  Wall of China? It sounds like the first line of a rather bad joke but  it is deadly serious, as I discover today at the Warwickshire home of a  Birmingham City footballer.

 Becky Doyle is fighting hard to get  fighting fit, and with good reason.

 Six months ago, her baby son, Liam,  was rushed to hospital with meningitis.

 Doctors told her his  life was in danger.

 And Becky's husband, the Birmingham City  goalkeeper, Colin Doyle, flew back from the Blues pre-season tour of  China.

 It was every parent's worst nightmare.

  It was heartbreaking, I still lay there have to take a deep breath,  my grandfather said it makes me laugh and a bit more, and I do.

  Becky is so relieved that they recovered that she has persuaded  her friend Melissa Derbsyhire, and three other footballers wives to  rasie money for the Meninigitis Trust, by trekking along the Great  Wall of China.

 Is a great challenge and they are a great group of girls,  we need to make the most of it and have a good time and place -- raise  awareness.

 It will be very demanding on all the wives and  girlfriends? It is.

 She's doing it for a fantastic cause, a fantastic  charity.

 She will do fantastic.

 There she have the stamina  required? Yes.

 Have you given her any tips? I don't need to, she has  taken care of two children.

 It will be physically hard but Mohsin Ali -  - most the emotional the harder because I know the one I made the  call to:, I'm doing it for Liam, I'm doing it for other people.

  morning, the Doyles and the Derbyshires were joined by another  footballing pal, Paul Gallagher and wife Hayley, for a stroll in the  Warwickshire countryside.

 In March, the WAGs will see some incredible  sights in China.

 But nothing will beat the joy of seeing baby Liam  back in good health again.

 A smashing story, it is good to see  little Liam looking so well today.

 If you want to see more are you can  Google it.

 So tiny.

 They are looking so well,  that is great.

 The big freeze has come and gone,  thankfully, the effects are lingering on, a landslip on a  heritage railway line has called -- caused hundreds of thousands of  pounds in damage.

 They desperately need donations to preserve the  future.

 Nestling in the Cotswolds, the  Gloucestershire Warwickshire Steam Railway celebrated study of  anniversary this year, it is closed until March.

 It is due to reopen in  April and it attracts 75,000 visitors a year from around the  world.

 All intent on capturing the favour of a bygone era.

 But the  30th anniversary celebrations have been marred by this, a landslip  near Winchcombe Station.

 You can see whether there slip  happened -- where the landslip happened.

 It was a lot a quarter of  a mile section, severing the railway line in two.

 It is thought  freezing weather and the water and the Embankment cause the landslip.

  It is very serious, there is no quick fix.

 How long will it take to  repair? We do not know at the moment.

 We need to assess how much  of the embankment has moved.

 What is moved underneath, what if --  what we can't see is the problem.

 Last year the lodge an appeal after  another landslip.

 That happened or on a seven mile track.

 £1 million  of repair work is underway.

 We have almost got that one completed and  ready to go.

 Now we are faced with another one.

 This time, we have no  funds left whatever.

 Volunteer still plan to welcome tourists back  but possibly on to different sections of the track.

 -- act.

 It  was here that a French trial -- train derailed in 1976.

  A real pity if they could not do that.

 Such a beautiful railway.

 The  But they were the stagnate conditions today and also the  fairly settled conditions this week, the Cologne will eventually get to,  the -- we did have the sunshine today.

 We will have a few frosty  and foggy night.

 We can say that tonight, it is clear to begin with  and because of that, when we have got some frost developing quite  quickly and temperatures are going to minus one Celsius.

 There will be  quite a bit of fog as well and mist.

 Fog mainly over the highest ground.

  Particularly in central and western parts and in the north.

  Temperatures down to between zero degrees.

 They will be quite a bit  of trouble meeting the mist, fog and cloud.

 Where it lingers, Avril  really stumped does temperatures, they were not rise much above one  Celsius.

 The best we can hope for is five Celsius.

 I think that cloud  will start to melt away, from the North West to the South East  tomorrow night, more widespread frost and we have some fog patch is  developing again.

 That will bring some sunshine for Friday, over the  The bigger shake-up of the NHS

 Beans.

 Caught up in the mayhem in  Tunisia.

 Look East viewers fly home from the unrest.

 The multi-million-  pound investment to make Stevenage the leading light in the space  industry.

 And a number one hit and Subtitles unavailable for 5 minutes  a new recording contract for this  A controversial plan to build an incinerator in Bedfordshire has  been discussed at a public meeting today.

 More than 1000 people have  registered their concern at the plans for the plant near Stewartby.

  His build, this plant at the former Rookery South brick pit would  incinerate up to 585,000 tonnes of household waste a year.

 Providing  enough electricity for 100,000 homes.

 But since this scheme was  first announced, local people have about to fight the plans.

 It's the  impact of the huge, massive that scale of the incinerator, the  visual impact.

 We are also very worried about the impact of traffic  coming through our villagers, and also the impact of noise and our  concerns about air quality.

 Every person is opposed to this.

 It  dominates conversation Bo Storm no one wants their school children to  live next door to an incinerator.

 It will open the door, we believe,  to a lot more industrial development on that side, of which  will change the nature of the area back into an industrial area.

 Today  the opponents of the scheme attended a meeting chaired by the  government infrastructure planning commission, which assessed the way  the application will be examined in the next few months.

 The company  behind the plans wasn't at today's meeting, but insists its plans are  green and safe.

 A final decision on the scheme isn't expected until the  end of the year.

 The council, which was considering a plan to make  staff tell their bosses about any office romances, has backed down.

  Fenland district councillors in Cambridgeshire have decided today  that the plan from personnel officers had made the council a  laughing stock.

 Millions of pounds are being spent keeping a Stevenage  company at the forefront of the space industry.

 Astrium makes  satellites, and it's just finished the first part of an £8 million  refit.

 This is the Eurostar 3000, is six ton telecommunications  satellite that broadcasts TV, radio and internet around the world.

 It  starts life in a clean room at Astrium in Stevenage, which  recently underwent a £2 million refurbishment.

 Now cleaner than an  operating theatre, there's no dust, no Greece - nothing that could  hamper a mission.

 At the revamp is also speeding up operations.

 Take  the newly expanded X-ray machine.

 It's much bigger, we can put the  whole spacecraft in.

 A lot more streamlining in terms of our  processors.

 That's the key thing.

 Can we get these built quicker and  effectively, easier and potentially Tibet? The clean room was opened  today by local MP.

 Work like this is pushing the Hertfordshire town  to the forefront of the space industry.

 We're seeing competitors  from India, China and very much low-cost economies.

 That means we  need to be on our guard, we need take real leading end products to  the market.

 We need to do that in a way that we can be to the Indians  and Chinese.

 I'm very pleased to say we are doing that at the moment.

  Astrium employs 1500 people at its Stevenage site and has orders up to  2015 and beyond.

 During tough economic times it is quite the  survivor.

 The Citizens Advice Bureau has told Look East its  flooded with requests to help people who have been stripped of  their benefits.

 It says many people are being denied money, including  one cancer victim from Haverhill.

 Derek Carpenter is 63, he has  advanced prostate cancer.

 In constant pain, walking, he says,  feels like the bones are sticking out through the bottom of his speed.

  Now he can't leave the house without his wheelchair.

 The jobs  that I could do on non-existent.

 I may worker, not a Sherpa.

 I have  been all my life.

 I feel very aggrieved that I have now had this  taken away from me.

 Following a WORK capability assessment, Derek  was told he wasn't eligible for employment and support allowance,  which replaces incapacity benefit.

 The cab says he's not alone.

 I'm in  the process at the moment of between 30 to 35 cases which are  actively going through towards tribunal hearings.

 The regulations  are being too stringent and should be opened up.

 The Department for  Work and Pensions say that the work capability assessment is designed  to assess whether someone is fit for work, rather than writing  people off on a lifetime of benefits.

 Changes will be made to  iron out any problems.

 Until those problems are resolved, people like  Derek say they are left with little option but to appeal.

 Around 300  lecturers and Dons from Cambridge University have been demonstrating  today about tuition fees and higher education cuts.

 They gathered at  the Senate House for a silent vigil.

 It was a dignified demonstration.

  300 university lecturers gathered in Cambridge, angry about cuts to  higher education.

 Of course cat have to be made, everybody knows  that.

 But none the less certain priorities have to be established.

  The proposed cuts to education are very savage.

 This isn't just about  students protesting against the rising fees.

 This is about.

 These  are cut that will have a profoundly detrimental affect.

 I think what  the government is currently doing is effectively privatising higher  education.

 I think that's a terrible idea.

 Last year, students  protesting about higher tuition fees and cuts in funding marched  through Cambridge.

 At midday today lecturers staged a silent vigil.

  The government says the changes are necessary to make financial savings  in tough economic times.

 Lecturers disagree.

 It's no good just writing  letters and exchanging views in common rooms.

 One has to make some  sort of public show of concern about current government policy.

 I  feel it's going to damage the country severely and damage a  generation.

 We can't afford that.

 Lecturers hope their staged a  silent today will be a powerful way of making their voices and their  anger heard.

 Later, Alex has the weather forecast, but will this  drizzly weather go away soon? It's Subtitles unavailable for 5 minutes  time to hand it back to Stewart and  They had other moments.

 This effort could have been a contender for  goal of the season.

 Posh remain in the play-offs and are now joined by  MK Dons, who continued to be a force to be reckoned with at  The Dons have signed former Luton striker Roman find on a month's  loan from QPR.

 He it's important when you play at home that you do  the right thing.

 It brings the crowds back.

 In the last four or  five games we've done that.

 Graham Westley said his team didn't do  enough to earn three points at Chesterfield.

 They didn't even  escape with a point.

 Back down to earth for the FA Cup giant-killers.

  They have cancelled the contract of Tim sills by Mitchell consent.

  Northampton struggled to put a team out at Gillingham.

 Injuries are  taking their toll according to Neil Sampson.

 Bedford returned to  winning ways in a 44-14 victory over London Welsh in the British  She beat Janie Hampton in three sets overnight.

 She reached round  three last year but its Henin in round two to come.

 I'm back with  Matt in the late kick off studio.

 What is in store tonight? We have  the MK Dons chairman.

 There has been a managerial merry-go-round in  the area.

 Paul Jewell in for Roy Keane at Ipswich.

 Plus all the  goals and gossip from the rest of the region.

 It proves there's no  quick fix to change manager.

 players have got another manager  and the manager have got to know the players.

 They have got to be  that there.

 Once the manager has stamped his authority on those two  clubs, they will be all right.

 who is the team to watch this year?  Colchester, Peterborough, MK Dons.

 Dare I say Norwich? They are flying  at the moment.

 They are going for back-to-back promotions.

 Paul  Lambert is staying.

 Burnley were interested in him.

 I think it's a  testimony to the club that Paul Lambert has done so well and he  wants to stay at a club that I

 Good evening and welcome to BBC  Points West.

 The £1 million botch jobber.

 A gang  of cowboy builders is found guilty of swindling customers.

  Built in the teeth of opposition, it now local fire services may have  to pay for the control centre that never worked.

  Only a third of mums to be are opting for the flu jab, why the  slow take-up? I am glad I have had it done now, having read reports  about the amount of flu that has happened.

  And it brings it home to you.

 Troops heading to Afghanistan give  DNA samples so they can be identified if they are killed in  action.

 A gang of cowboy builders were  convicted today of a fleecing homeowners out of nearly £1 million  for work will never did.

 The builders, from Gloucestershire,  collected as much cash up front as possible before leaving their  victims in the lurch and disappearing.

  They sent along an incredibly plausible young man, who got very  friendly with us.

 He seemed very amiable pulled.

 We were completely  taken in by him.

 When Susan and Ben hired CMD Services, they never  expected their plans would leave them £20,000 out of pocket with no  extension.

 The gang demanded the cash up front, but once paid, very  little work took place.

 During the trial, the jury heard that victims  would be threatened with violence or legal action if they went to the  company's offices and ask too many awkward questions.

 Staff would use  false names to stop customers finding out who they really were.

  Their reaction became increasingly hostile and aggressive.

 This  included threat of legal action, I started receiving obscene and  nuisance phone calls.

 They e-mail correspondence became more and more  aggressive.

 We were well and truly conned by these people.

 The man  behind the corner of Nick Harris, who ran Construction Management  Development and CMD Services in Gloucester.

 At his peak, the gang  were working in 10 neighbouring counties.

 A lot of people have lost  a lot of money, up to £20,000.

 But a lot of people have been  inconvenienced for a great length of time, the houses have been  uninhabitable.

 Some people's have had sewage systems interrupted for  months on end.

 It has been a nightmare for them.

 Yate  businessman Mike Stanley also contacted CMD Services.

 He handed  over £11,000 for an extension.

 But after endless delays and excuses by  the builders, he told them that he was contacting the police.

 I got a  phone call from this person, it's turned out to be Nick Harris.

  Saying, we should never threaten them with the police, if I do any  more of the staff they would be breaking the contract, and they  would not do any more work.

 I said, you have not done any work anyway.

  And then things got nasty on the telephone.

 He was eventually made  to spend £11,000 to complete the work.

 He is still very angry.

  can con old age pensioners out of their state -- savings, it is  despicable, I hate them.

 Harris, from Gloucester, Mark Dixon from  down Hathaway and Mark -- Matthew Higgins were found guilty of  conspiracy to defraud.

 Will be sentenced at a later date.

  -- they will be sentenced.

 Shrien Dewani, the Bristol  businessman ordered -- accused of ordering his men to kill his wife  on their honeymoon in South Africa, is facing more extradition  procedures next week.

 He is not ruling out a return to the country  to face trial.

 A hostility needs to be removed.

 There should not be a  political agenda.

 Shrien should not be made a scapegoat for the  shrinking tourist industry over there, because he is not  responsible for any downturn in tourism over there.

 He has not done  everything wrong.

 That is a clip from the programme tonight, the  presenter is Alastair McKee, he is with us now.

 What have you been  able to find out? It was very interesting.

 We started by  retracing the steps of the Dewanis over the two days they were there,  starting at the airport, would enter the hotel, and the place  where Shrien and Anni have their last away at -- a last meal, and  then in the township where Anni Dewani was found slumped over the  back seat.

 A lot has been read about this, some of which is highly  prejudicial, perhaps, against Mr Dewani.

 What's are the possibility  of him getting a fair trial? interviewed the Justice Minister of  South Africa, who is insistent that Shrien Dewani will get eight fair  trial.

 We also spoke to a a former High Court judge who said he has  huge doubts about the sort of trial and treatment he can get from the  police.

 He has now become a suspect, and the chief of police now looks a  little bit foolish or letting him go home.

 That has expressed himself  by a unfortunate comments, our chief of police has called Mr  Dewani a monkey who arranged for his wife to be murdered in South  Africa, which is prejudging the face -- the case and hardly the  function of a professional policeman.

 In the light of what has  been said, is it likely that Mr Dewani will volunteer to go back?  At the moment, through a family friend, we are being told that they  are not ruling out the possibility of voluntarily going back there.

  Shrien Dewani it really wants to clear his name.

  Thank you for telling us about it, there is much more to come, you can  see the investigation in about 45 minutes.

  There is a new twist tonight in the row over the failed regional fire  control centre in Somerset.

 Millions were spent at building it,  but it was scrapped before ever been opened.

 The Fire Brigades  Union is accusing the government of blackmailing taxpayers in the West  over the future of the building.

 The lights have all but gone out on  a project dubbed an unmitigated disaster.

 A state of-the-art fire  control centre in Taunton, ditched before it ever opened.

 The fall-out  has just begun.

 The problem is, while you can scrap the project,  you cannot cancel all of the costs.

 The government has signed something  like a 25 year lease on this building, and there are millions of  pounds worth of equipment inside.

 Now there is a fear that unless the  Fire Brigades themselves can come up with a use for this building,  then the costs could for them.

 are seeing the government trying to  stitch up the funding, to pass the buck of the failed decision on to  the Fire and rescue service.

 chairs have been empty for three  years.

 At Christmas, the government pulled the plug on the project as  it spiralled, over-budget, the computer systems still not working.

  It has now begun a public consultation on what should happen  the next, but insists that no solution will be forced on anyone.

  Devon and Somerset Fire and rescue may yet become a tenant, if they  can persuade other 999 services to join them.

 We have a meeting with  the ambulance service this month.

 The government has said share  resources, every opportunity we have got out there we will explore.

  It is one idea, but if it does not work, the fire service does not see  why it should be made to pay for this place.

 In effect, be made to  pay for the mistakes of the government.

 Fire brigade officials  across the country will be meeting a minister next week, and there is  likely to be some very tough talking their.

  It is David and Alex with you this evening, and it is very good to  have your company.

 I wondered who we were!  Still to come, the charity fund raiser which relies on nature to  put on an amazing light show.

 And put that light out! The school  pupils from Bath helping to reduce the council's electricity bill.

  That is all coming your way.

 First, only about a third of pregnant  women have taken up medical advice to be vaccinated against swine flu.

  The government has been accused of confusing patients, but it is the  reporting of cases such as Leanne Gunnell from Gloucester which has  prompted much concern.

 Lehane contracted swine flu and was put  into a medically induced coma to save her unborn child.

  It is hoped that baby Faith will be allowed home soon.

 She was born in  November in Gloucester via Caesarean section.

 Her mother,  Leanne Gunnell, had been placed in a coma after being diagnosed with  us -- swine flu.

 Brain damage is the biggest threat.

 Her parents say  she was not offered vaccination.

 The story will have moved many and  and scared some.

 Especially mums to be.

 Hazell Askew is expecting her  third baby, but for the first time, she had decided to have a flu jab.

  At Christmas, it was at the front page of the papers.

 My mother said,  I think he should have it done.

 They recommended pregnant women and  elderly people, so I am in a vulnerable group.

 I got back from  my parents, phoned the midwife, who said, please come in.

 I went in  pretty much the same day and had it done and I am very glad.

 She is far  from typical.

 The Department of Health has confirmed a low  proportion, just under 30% of pregnant women, have been  vaccinated.

 Critics say the message from the government has been  confused.

 But cases such as Leanne Gunnell's are prompting people.

 At  this city-centre GP practice, they are urging patients at risk to  still come forward.

 I think probably after last year, where  there was a bit of a scare and it did not seem quite as bad as people  thought it might be, people got a little bit more relaxed.

 We  struggled a bit to chase up people for their flu jabs this year.

 The  message now is to encourage people, it is not too late.

 If you are in  the recognised groups, come forward and have a flu jab.

 There are  stocks available.

 Stock levels have been running low  but the NHS here says there is now enough supply.

 Its advice, it is  better than -- it is better to be safe than sorry.

  A jury has heard how banter between two groups of men led to the  killing of a man in Bristol.

 He was walking home with friends after a  night out in a poor last year when an exchange of drugs with a group  of young man -- young men turned into a fight.

 18 year-old Drew  Clark denies murder.

 Campaigners against a new law which  would have denied the sale of part of the Forest of Dean have been to  Westminster today.

 Councillors and Forest experts have been to the  House of Lords to protest against the public bodies Bill.

 If it is  passed, it could allow ministers to dispose of part of the forest  estate.

 Hundreds of soldiers based in  Gloucester are about to become the brains behind -- be kind to Nato's  mission in Afghanistan.

 They are heading for car bought to help run  Major Chris Hyde is saying goodbye Cotswolds, hello, I've Kabul.

 He  will be away from his wife and children for one year.

 I tried to  keep myself and the children distracted.

 We have long-term goals.

  It will be difficult but we should be all right.

 The internet is a  wonderful resource.

 There are a lot of ways.

 Communication is a lot  easier now than 20 or 30 years ago.

 He is among 200 NATO staff in  Gloucester who will help run the Afghan mission, overseeing 130,000  soldiers from 30 countries.

 It is the start of the Allied Rapid  Reaction Corps.

 They only arrived here at the base near Gloucester  last summer.

 Hardly time to think of the risks of which lie ahead.

  They may not be heading for the front line, but even Dijk  headquarters in Kabul are not so.

 - - the headquarters.

 Anything could  happen.

 That means some grim paperwork before the off.

 Make a  well, have a DNA swap to help with identification in case the worst  happens.

 A bit scared.

 I just want to come back in July and have  enough time with my family.

 Much of their work is computer-based, co-  ordinating a vast, complex military mission.

 A long way from the  gunfire perhaps, but if the training pays off than they do a  good job, it will be the frontline soldiers who benefit.

  A long time to be away.

 We wish them well.

 Now, a lot of excitement  around these parts because tonight sees the return of late kick-off.

  David Passmore joins us to tell us more.

 So back by popular demand?  Yes, the programme fills an important slot in the BBC's  coverage of league football.

 There's already The Football League  Programme on Saturday nights but this is a chance to delve beyond  the headlines highlights to provide greater insight into the clubs in  this part of the world.

 There's a new presenter, James Richardson,  familiar to many of you for fronting Channel 4's Football  Italia.

 And he joins us know from our Southampton studios.

 James,  welcome.

 Let's start with Bristol City.

 Yes, it is very unfortunate.

  There is a half a season to go.

 A run of three wins and you're  already immediately back up in the promotion.

 It is not TO start  throwing the baby out with the party.

 It was a very poor showing  on Saturday? Yes, the one ray of light among the dark clouds would  be the fact that there is a fair case for the appeal for David  James' red card.

 A lot of people say they should be able to get the  ban reduced or perhaps wiped clean.

 So Swindon Town, Charlie Austin  their star striker, $17 and counting, can they hang on to him?  -- 17 goals.

 He was in a bizarre -- a position to win himself a place  with Swindon last week.

 It looks like he will probably get  Championship football before Swindon do.

 Talking about a move to  Reading, the fans resign to his departure.

 What is lined up in  tonight's show? Plenty going on between Swindon and The Oval.

 --  Yeovil.

 There will be loads of stuff for fans of every club.

 A  light tone, and hopefully some fun.

 Will be talking about the financial  woes.

 Plymouth, one of the hardest hit, we will be getting some advice  from supporters who have been able to help their clubs in the past.

  must leave it there.

 Thank you very Children in Bath have been  discovering ways of saving electricity.

 Almost half of the  total carbon emissions for Bath and North East Somerset Council  conference calls.

 The council asked people to come up with energy-  saving ideas.

 Need the energy team.

 For the last demand, they have been  switching things off, turning things down and keeping an eye out  would light left on in classrooms.

 -- polite left Bonn.

 We go around  checking.

 If we turn the lights off, we can get some points.

 If we don't  save electricity, it will get hotter and all of the plants will  die.

 At the school in Bath, they're taking energy-saving seriously.

  There is even an award for it.

 They are also keeping track of how much  power they scored a -- how much power their school is saving.

  I joined the energy team, my parents have been more energy  efficient.

 I think it is really important.

 It matters quite a bit.

  It save the planet and it also saves money for people.

 If we don't  save electricity, animals will die.

 Schools account for nearly half of  the council's carbon emissions in Bath and north-east Somerset.

  need to be environmentally responsible.

 It is crucial that we  get children involved and caring at this early stage.

 It is estimated  each school in the project may be ever to cut its electricity bill by  up to 10 %.

 -- may be able to cut.

 If you have ever tried organising  something for charity, you will know just how much work it is  persuading people to give you something.

 But imagine getting a  company to give you a plane for an evening.

 Yes, it is a trip to see  the Northern Lights and it is all in aid of the charity Help For  Heroes.

 Pamela buckeye is the charity organiser -- Pamela McCoy.

  She told be all about it.

 The plan is to take an Airbus full of 180  people and head off north from Bristol.

 And how difficult has this  been to organise? Lengthy, I would say, rather than difficult.

 It has  required me to keep talking to people to persuade them to give  their time and their services.

 And goods.

 People have been wonderful.

  All because the charity involved is Help For Heroes, and when people  hear that they really put themselves out to help.

 The seats  sold up quite quickly, didn't they? Yes.

 And people have been saying  they are very excited? Yes, they are really excited about it.

 So why  Help For Heroes? I care very passionately about our young men  coming back window to with terrible injuries -- when did.

 I thought, I  want to do something.

 And I thought I could do something with an  aeroplane.

 It is taking that idea and bowing to people and saying,  can I have a plane? Can I have the ability to take some attendance?  Khadija approach people? Someone put me in touch with a company who  does organising for these flights.

 Then I went to Bristol airport and  spoke to them.

 They have been fantastic and they agreed to waive  all costs.

 Then I went to Thomas Cook and spoke to the managing  director and told him what I had done so far and persuaded him.

 He  is also quite excited.

 It is phenomenal.

 The only trouble is,  everybody has entered into it in the spirit that to distil and  natural phenomenon, so what did the astronomers advise? They said they  would be a 90 % success rate.

 I think we have got a good chance of  seeing the northern light.

 And the spirit will be there whatever.

  it will raise a lot of money.

 At least £22,000.

 And have been quite  a bit more.

 The very best of luck.

 We will have fun!  I have to say, if you're thinking that you want to go, of course, all  the seats have sold, but hopefully we might be able to be on board and  carry the best of the experience from the comfort of your home.

  Welcome back.

 I have been away for a couple of weeks on holiday.

 When  I came back, it was pretty apparent how wet it had been.

 We have had a  lot of rain.

 Perhaps we are due that rainfall, because when you  look back at 2010, we had limited amounts of rain fall.

 Exceptionally  Exceptional stuff.

 But they are beginning to see a change.

 From  tomorrow onwards, it should become more dry and settled.

 But we will  see temperatures taking a tumble.

 Last bidets have been well above  average, but towards the latter part of the week, temperatures  dropping to about six as a maximum.

 The rain it will continue to be  patchy overnight.

 More areas living up from the South West.

 A very  complex area of low pressure.

 It will generally be moving from West  to east and once it goes behind, they pick built of pressure taking  place.

 That pressure will be with us for the remainder of the week  and into the following week.

 Rain on and off developing through the  evening and much of the night.

 But by about 4 am, most will have  played away to the east.

 -- moved away.

 Tomorrow stocks of power  deeper stop -- tomorrow starts off cloudy.

 Temperatures about seven or  eight degrees.

 Into the late afternoon and evening it should be  dry and fine but that will start to turn quite chilly.

 Overnight into  Wednesday, the problems of fog and frost.

 If we do get some breaks in  the car, we should -- if we do get some breaks in the club, we could  be looking at more fast.

 We could see a bit of drizzle by Friday.

 The  dance of one or two brighter spells

 Hello.

 Good evening.

 Tonight on  Look North.

 Speaking out.

 Allegations of intimidation at  Doncaster and Bassetlaw Hospital.

 The local MP says staff are  silenced.

 Another £40,000 that is how much it will cost you to see  the disgraced MP, Eric Illsley, out of office.

 A national institution  embarks on a stage tour.

 Hello, in a few minutes you'll see me on up  north, talking about me and my tour and explaining why I am doing it.

  It's Look North, not Up North.

 And skies are looking leaden in  weather by the river.

 It will be more of the same tomorrow.

 Your  The colliery band is about to pay tribute to their friend, Pete  Postlethwaite.

 First tonight, an MP has accused hospital bosses of  bullying and intimidating workers into silence over possible cuts at  their workplace.

 John Mann has made the accusations about the Doncaster  and bas Hospital NHS -- Bassetlaw NHS Trust.

 He said he has been  approached by staff too scared to speak out about the changes.

 The  trust has gone to the trouble of sending a letter to all of its  employees, denying any intimidation.

 This letter is a very unusual move  for a hospital trust to send to all its staff.

 It comes after  allegations of bullying and intimidation by the local MP.

 The  atgations on John Mann's website -- the allegations on John Mann's  website date back to October and as recently as a few weeks ago.

 They  are allegations he stands by.

 have a hole workplace where people  are scared of the consequences of what the management at Doncaster  will do if they speak out publicly.

 The letter sent to 6,000 staff  The letter describes how workers can use the whistle-blowing policy.

  There is something which is going on which has caused the row between  the local MP and the trust - that is cuts.

 As a group, we believe  that Bassetlaw Hospital could become nothing but a cottage  hospital, that deals purely with minor injuries.

 We are extremely  concerned on maternity services.

 Tomorrow two reports are published  on maternity and children's services here.

 The trust said they  will contain observations rather than recommendations and following  public consultation, there may be changes to services, but they  stress, these are not cuts.

 The MP is still worried.

 We want a real  hospital, not a cottage hospital.

 We're going to fight a keep a real  hospital.

 Mr Mann is holding five public meetings over the next week.

  The first is tonight.

 Thank you.

 It has emerged that it  will cost you, the taxpayer, at least another £40,000 to push  disgraced MP Eric Illsley out of office.

 Earlier this week, the  member admitted defrauding expenses to the tune of £14,000.

 He is  likely to face jail when he appears for sentencing next month.

 Illsley  says he will resign, but not for another fortnight.

 As soon as he  does go, money will be made available for him to wind down his  offices in Barnsley and at Westminster.

 He is receiving his  Westminster.

 He is receiving his salary, that is £1300 every week.

  He has claimed £50 a week on his mortgage home.

 That is winding down  allowance could amount to £40,609.

 More on that in just a moment.

  Meanwhile, today, it was confirmed that Illsley was back in Barnsley.

  Let's go to our reporter, who is outside his constituency home.

 Now,  outside his constituency home.

 Now, any more from him today? No.

 There  is still no sign tonight of Eric Illsley.

 In fact, there's been no  sign and no word from the MP at all today.

 I did manage to speak very  briefly to his wife this morning here at the constituency home.

 She,  rather unsurprisingly did not want to tell me where Mr Illsley is at  the moment, nor did she want to comment on his behave, she said.

  She was able to confirm that he is in Barnsley, somewhere today.

  Obviously he's still keeping a very low profile at the moment.

 Now his  wife is obviously facing quite a few issues herself at the moment.

  She told me that sadly she's just been diagnosed as having cancer, so  she's having to deal with that and all the issues facing her husband  at mo the -- at the moment.

 We tried to contact Mr Illsley at his  constituency office, which is down the road here.

 No sign of him there  at all today F you ring any of the numbers that are list -- if you  ring any of the numbers that are listed on his website, it goes to  answer phone.

 So much so now, that one of his Barnsley East colleagues  has offered to take on his casework, or some of his casework.

 Clearly  there are people out there, his constituents who need help, even  though we are in this limbo situation at the mopltd.

 Just  briefly, has there -- moment.

 Just briefly, has there been any local  reaction today? We tried.

 We have been to several haunts his.

 We have  been to Labour clubs, to working men's clubs.

 While people are  willing to talk to us off camera and express their sympathy and the  respect for which he has done here over the years, it seems no-one is  willing to step up to the mark and appear on camera and stick up for  him.

 That shows the level of disappointment felt by his  constituents.

 Joining me now our political editor.

 How will the  winding up procedure work? Is it complicated? He has to resign first.

  That is more complicated.

 He has to resign to the Speaker and the  Speaker has to do arkaiic things.

 Once he does this he gets this  transitional expenses.

 That goes to any MP who leaves the House of  Commons.

 It is to pay for staff.

 He's got three.

 Two in Barnsley,  one at Westminster.

 We understand one of those, until recently at  least, was his wife.

 He pays for outstanding rent and all the  associated costs with winding down a business.

 Any compensation?  a year ago compensation was paid.

 It was £65,000, a year's pay,  virtually.

 That was stopped as part of the investigation and changes  into MPs' expenses and allowances.

 He will in fact get nothing.

 Until  then, of course, he is paid his wages every week and all those  allowances he is claiming for mortgage and that sort of thing.

  Barnsley is without an MP.

 There'll have to be a by-election.

 Barnsley  may have a few problems to solve.

 What is the next stage? Until that  resignation comes along, nothing can be done.

 At that stage, a  decision has to be made among the parties as to when they want it.

 It  is done as quickly as possible.

 It will take at least six weeks for  that to happen.

 It could be some time yet before the people of  Barnsley central go to the polls to elect another MP.

 Thank you.

 Stay  with us.

 Still to come on Look North.

 The end of a four-year  battle.

 The Yorkshire woman who battled against the RSPCA for her  mother's £2.

5 million will.

 Now, a six-month long investigation  into drug crime in Halifax has reached a climax this week with  police carrying out early morning raids across the town.

 43 people  have been taken into custody as part of the operation, a huge hunt  for some of Calderdale's biggest drug dealers.

 It's not the first  time this has happened in Halifax this week.

  It may not be the last.

 Police! Control the dog! The homes of  suspected drug dealers and organised criminals are being  raided, in one of the wigest ever - - biggest pre-planned raids.

 Some  of the biggest people crumble.

 We can do our job to search for drugs  and items relating to offences.

 Within two minutes two suspects are  led away.

 Getting to the point where police can make arrests only  comes after weeks of investigation.

 The raid here this morninging is  the culmination of a six-month long operation, which has seen people  and houses across Calderdale under surveillance.

 The two people  arrested, a man and woman l be taken to Halifax Police Station,  where they will be questioned on suspicion of supplying Class A  drugs.

 We are very pleased with how it has gone this week.

 It is not  the end of our mission.

 What I would encourage anyone with  concerns is to contact the police and criminals, they need to be  aware.

 Calderdale is not a safe place to operate.

 We will not  tolerate this sort of behaviour.

 So far 43 people have now been  arrested.

 Hundreds of bags of evidence seized.

 It is not over yet.

  Police expect to add to their haul today and tomorrow.

  And, police are investigating the death of a patient at Harrogate  District Hospital.

 The 75-year-old man died at the weekend.

 North  Yorkshire Police say they were alerted by the hospital, which is  co-operating fully with the investigation.

 No arrests have been  made.

 ASDA plans to create over 400 jobs  in Yorkshire if it is allowed to buy 40 stores from rival Netto.

 The  retailer wants to convert the supermarkets by the end of the year  but needs approval from the Office of Fair Trading.

 ASDA says it  expects to double the number of people already employed in  converted Netto stores.

 Campaigners fighting to save their day centre  from closure have met with councillors in Leeds today.

 The  council plans to re-organise mental health services, as a way to deal  with reduced funding.

 People who use The Vale Centre had a protest  before the meeting at the civic hall.

 North Yorkshire Police have  talked about making 350 staff redundant.

 They have to save  between £9-£11 million in the next two years.

 Managers have until the  end of the March to take part in a consultation before talks with  unions get underway.

 Bradford's infamous city centre  hole is back in the news again.

 A £300,000 temporary garden - it was  opened six months ago on the stalled Westfield shopping centre  site.

 It is closed due to flooding.

 Most of the water has now drained  away.

 Bradford council and Westfield are having to spend up to  £30,000 to fix it so it does not happen again.

 A temporary garden  which is temporary closed.

 I would have thought the planners would  have realised the centre of Bradford is low.

 It does flood on a  regular basis.

 I can remember the floods along this street.

 Think I  it is a waste of space and a waste of hard-earned taxpayers' money.

  Good money after bad.

 Bradford council spend years to talk about  things and in the end they get it wrong.

 That story comes back time  and time again, doesn't it? A woman who won a legal challenge to  overturn her parents' will has spoken for the first time about her  four-year fight for the estate valued at £2.

5 million.

 Christine  Gill managed to win it back from the RSPCA, following a series of  court battles.

 Her legal costs were more than £1 million.

 Although she  should be able to claim most of it back, it is not known how much  she'll recover.

 This farm is a 275 acre estate.

  Today many of the buildings are dilapidated and empty.

 It means the  world to Christine.

 When she discovered her mother signed the  entire £2.

4 million estate over to the RSPCA, she couldn't let it go.

  It was unbelievable that she would do this out of the blue and  particularly leave everything to the RSPCA, which was a charity she  had no affection for at all.

 It just wasn't true.

 It was  unbelievable.

 In 2007 Christine began court proceedlings.

 Two years  began court proceedlings.

 Two years latter will was overturned.

 It was  challenged by the RSPCA.

 Despite this challenge the judge ruled in  favour of Christine.

 He said: People say, it is a will, you  should leave it alone, you should respect a personal will.

 And I  wouldn't disagree with that.

 What I've done in court is prove  that that will that my mother signed, did not represent her  wishes.

 It was not her will.

 Christine has spent more than £1  million contesting the case.

 And despite the fact she's won, it's  not known how much costs she'll recover from the RSPCA.

 The chart  fi said no-one would be available for comment -- the charity said no-  one would be available for comments until a decision on costs had been  made.

 I have a substantial debt.

 Whether I see money coming back to  me or if I have to find more, I do not now.

 It is back to the waiting  game.

 I'm used to that.

 That wait Coming up: Eight Yorkshire tribute.

  A Pete Postlethwaite led a band in Bastock.

 Now the band are paying  tribute to the late actor.

 Back on stage after 40 years, John  Cleese reminds us both why he is something of a national treasure.

  Sport, now.

 Sheffield Wednesday's chief executive Nick Parker has  left the club.

 Parker, seen here nearest the camera, has been placed  on immediate garden leave while a severance package is negotiated.

  BBC Radio Sheffield understands that the Owls owner, Milan  Mandarick, once a chief executive with football experience.

  Shepheard united have bought England Under 21 international Joe  Mattock been on loan from West Brom.

 He has come in on loan for the West  - that the rest of the season and his Micky Adams's first signing.

  is a national defender.

 He has got a great left foot.

 We have not got  any real natural left-footed players and.

 He will give us a bit  more balance on the left-hand side.

 Leeds United's Simon Grayson has  won the manager of the Month award for December.

 He guided his side to  three wins and two draws in five games.

 Among the victories, this  one over top-of-the-table Queen's Park Rangers, courtesy of Max  Gradel.

 Sheffield Steelers are probably  feeling somewhat battered and bruised today.

 Their top-of-the-  table ice hockey clash with Cardiff did not go according to plan - in  fact, they lost by seven goals to one.

 It leaves Sheffield six points  behind Cardiff, who are in pole position for the Elite League title.

  Sheffield's goal came from Joey Talbot.

 It was Cardiff's 21st  consecutive win and by the look of things, they can box!  That was like a newsroom meeting! Are I loved this film.

 It was  written by a Bradford man and is called Brassed Off.

 It has become  part of Yorkshire's cultural folklore.

 It was with great sadness  that we heard of the death of its main star, Pete Postlethwaite, who  played the leader of the band.

 Tonight, Grimethorpe Colliery Band,  who played such a massive part and the film, are to perform their  tribute to Peter.

 Let's join our reporter there now.

  Thank you, Harry.

 In about 15 minutes, this car park will be  filled with the wonderful music of the Grimethorpe Colliery Band.

 What  better way to pay tribute to a man who became their friend? Tonight,  that tribute is not for dignitaries all about us - it is purely for the  people of Grimethorpe, and for the band who loved Peter.

 There could  be no finer tribute to the Oscar- winning actor, known by the  musicians here simply as friend.

 But from the moment he took on the  role of the conductor in the 1996 film Brassed Off, he was one of the  boys.

 Taking into the heart of the Grimethorpe Colliery Band.

 It was a  role he delighted in playing, and one he chose to read prize often.

  In fact, almost two years have to the day, I spoke to him before he  took to the stage to lead the band in a tribute to another former  member.

 I feel jet-lagged.

 I have come from London today, up to  Barnsley.

 It is like revisiting family.

 It is brilliant.

 I know the  concert is going to be extraordinary.

 It is a great  privilege.

 To this rain-soaked rehearsal, donned a earlier in the  week, forms part of a BBC documentary to be shown on Saturday.

  It is a heartfelt opus played by the friends who mourn him.

 Tonight,  for the people of Grimethorpe, who took him into their lives, and made  South Yorkshire at their home.

 I am joined by the band leader.

 What was  it that made him a love this band so much? Pete really got into the  film but when he was actually involved in Brassed Off and was  involved in the community, as well.

 He would be around the village.

  There was no disappearing off into trailers for Peter.

 After that, he  maintained contact with the band's.

 He conducted us at various events.

  He was a part of the furniture, really, wasn't he? He walked around  the walls of the band room.

 Every wall has an image, indelibly linked  up to every player, new or old, in Grimethorpe Colliery Band.

 Many  people in the ban now were not part of the film, but they still of that  part of the Earth -- of their heritage? The best, and we are just  about to start the 15th anniversary Brassed Off tour, which will be  after the Australia in the summer.

 We cannot escape the heritage of  the film Brassed Off.

 They enjoy themselves when they play the music.

  But tonight is all about the wonderful Pete Postlethwaite.

 What  are you playing? We are playing Danni Boy.

 It is similar to that  bit in the film.

 The band will form up, play the tuna, the lights will  go out and that will be the end of the events for the evening.

  Everybody taking their own memories away with them.

 Yes, and there will  be a couple of wet hankies, I would imagine.

 He will be sorely missed.

  A wonderful friend and actor, the late Pete Postlethwaite.

  If you want to see more about it peaked's life and his links with  the Grimethorpe Colliery Band, there is a special tribute  programme on Saturday.

 This man was the very man who made  Yorkshiremen a famous writer around the world, courtesy of the Monty  Python sketch.

 John Cleese, famous for Fawlty Towers, a fish called  wonder and of course his recent roles as Q in James Bond, is  heading for its Leeds and York in June for stop he is going back to  his roots as a stand-up comedian on his Alimony Tour.

 His last divorce  cost him a few bob! We went to meet him today, ahead of his first stand  up tour for decades.

 Monty Python was years ahead of its  time.

 Yorkshire petered quite a few times and sketches.

 We filmed at  this one a long time ago.

 I'd used to watch birds but they keep flying  away.

 I like the fat that you can't impress Yorkshire people.

 They are  completely different to Californians.

 In California, the  Californians say, "at Mr Cleese, you are wonderful".

 You think,  "shut up".

 A stand-up show must be very different for you.

 Are you  frightened? No, but I would never have bought that I would be doing  stand-up.

 But my business is changing, and it is all to do with  the technology - there is no money any more in DVDs, and you can't  sell CDs any more.

 It is all downloading.

 This is affecting it.

  But what people love now, because they spend so much of their time on  computers, is that they look coming into an atmosphere and laughing  with other people.

 The sound of laughter around.

 People are living  slightly more isolated lives these days.

 It is terribly solitary.

 You  don't have to leave your house.

 and that is why I am told that West  End ticket sales are going up, because people love being in  audiences.

 Let's not let the side down.

 Keep a good straight line and  a view of the man in front, and a good steady pace will stop you had  a go at Michael Palin! We love him, but clearly you have got it in for  him.

 That little twerp.

 He was lucky enough to work with me!  he is lucky enough not have to do a stand-up tour for alimony.

 Yes, he  does all for travel programmes! They are awful! What a nice house!  You like it? Bowl, yes.

 Would you like to come inside? He has a  bigger bed than yours! I have to admit, it was with some trepidation  that we met you, because sometimes, comedians are rather dour.

 You have  a twinkle.

 At 71, I am having more fun than I have ever had before.

 I  think it is great.

 I think at 40, people go one way or the other -  they either get bitter and twisted and think they did not have the  opportunities they should have, and they tend to go down.

 The people  who say that it is all fun and that they are having a great time, they  tend to get happy because as you get older, you do not worry so much.

  Why worry? I am going to be dead soon! IM not around for very long,  so I might as well enjoy it.

 Did you watch mum to buy them? Do  you remember when they put the hankie on there? I think it is time  Bobby news! -- for the news.

 I would love to see his stand-up  I would love to see his stand-up show.

  Here are some pictures that came in over the last 24 hours.

 Very mild  in Scarborough.

 Just two people on the beach, but it was nice.

 And  this is oddly.

 I like the picture of the reflection in the water in  Otley.

 They will be disappointed.

 We will have to show that again.

 It  was worth waiting for.

 The headline for the next 24 hours - it is mild,  rather cloudy.

 There will be patchy rain.

 We have a broad run of south  westerlies and the jet stream is in there.

 The weekend is looking very  unsettled and windy.

 There will be rain, especially in more western  parts, but it remains frost free.

 You can see that they have been  some breaks in there and they have popped out in Leeds, lifting  temperatures in Church Fenton to 13 degrees.

 Overnight, the cloud will  thicken and we will see rain and drizzle spreading up from the  south-west.

 Further east, amounts will be quite small, but if you are  making a Trans Pennine journey, there will be mist and extensive  body -- fog.

 The sun will rise in the morning at 816 am, sitting at  4:14pm.

 A cloudy damp start.

 There will be patchy rain and drizzle  around first thing.

 That will largely become confined to the  Pennines, where there will be some dry slots.

 Away from the hills, a  lot of cloud, but also some brighter spells.

 It could be a day  to head for the coast, with temperatures in Scarborough above  average.

 We are looking at 11 or 12 degrees, with moderate south-west  winds.

 A bit disappointing in Settle, where there is a risk of  some drizzle and light rain.

 A very windy day on Saturday with rain or  drizzle spreading in from the south-west.

 Some dry spots further  east, and we will still have the weather front hanging around on  Sunday.

 It looks like Monday will

 the starting grid at 9:30pm next  The Army takes charge.

 Egypt's military dissolves Parliament and  say they'll run the country for six months.

 More tension in central  Cairo as soldiers try to move thousands of protesters out of the  Tahrir Square.

 We want the Army just to stand guard as the people  wait and demand from the Army to cute our demands.

 Civil  partnerships, why the ceremonies could be allowed in church.

 Cotige  Firth.

 -- Colin Firth.

 The star of the king's speech wins Best Actor  and the film gets seven awards in Good evening.

 Egypt's new military  rulers have said they'll dissolve the country's Parliament and  suspend the constitution.

 Meeting two of the main demands of the  protesters who toppled President Hosni Mubarak on Friday.

 The armed  forces supreme council said it would run the country for the next  six months or until elections can be held.

 There were scuffles if the  square as the Army tried to move on thousands of protesters.

 Cairo's  traffic tried to reclaim Tahrir Square this morning and so did the  Army.

 Some shelters were taken down.

 A few soldiers forgot they had been  ordered not to use force.

 Polite requests to leave didn't work.

 The  remaining demonstrators refused to budge.

 But this is what made them  really angry.

 A group of police, hated as the old regime's enforcers,  coming on to their ground to claim they were its victims too.

 The  strain is showing.

 Resentment crushed during the Mubarak years is  pouring out.

 There are a lot of grievances and anger in this  country.

 There's also a lot of hope that their problems can be solved.

  If they're not, they've learnt how to protest.

 Or this could be --  this could be a glimpse of the future.

 Perhaps because of that,  the Army has accepted some of the protesters' main demands.

 It's  announced it will govern for only six months or until elections are  held.

 State TV read out the military's statement.

 It also  suspended the constitution, discredited as a tool to keep the  regime in power and Parliament, elected in a rigged vote, was  dissolved.

 There was a lot of satisfaction in this back street.

  Some of the plans for what became a revolution were made in this block  of flats.

 I think it's a great announcement.

 It's what we've been  waiting for.

 The Army is showing goodwill and saying we are on your  side.

 Of course, we have been sceptical about their position,  having people from the old regime in the Army as well, but so far  they've been on our side.

 Actually by us as well.

 You trust them?  do trust them and I think we are starting to trust them more now.

  the Cabinet Office, it was out with the old.

 Though not quite in with  the new.

 Hosni Mubarak's Prime Minister, Ahmad Shafiq stays on as  caretaker, with other faces from the old regime.

 But in the street  outside, signs of change.

 Still security police at Parliament's  gates but they were ignoring a demonstration and the health  ministry opposite.

 Around the corner, employees at another  Government building walked out.

 And outside the interior ministry rank  and file police were boiling with rage at their superiors.

 They put  us in conflict with the people and leave us here and runaway.

  Demonstrators were still in Tahrir Square, building the new Egypt.

 It  will take time, but they're making progress.

 Wyre Davies joins us now  from Cairo.

 Rather a different atmosphere there today from  yesterday? Indeed.

 Tonight, the square is the quietest it's been  for the last three weeks.

 It's as though many of those thousands of  demonstrators have gone home, back to their jobs and universities,  heeding the reassurances, if you like, from the military council  that elections will be held in a few months' time and that the  transition to democratic reform is genuine and the whole country is  behind it.

 Any clues as to what may occur over the next few days?  haven't got a crystal ball of course, but phase one is other.

 The  demonstrators have got what they achieved, the end of the old  administration and the end of Hosni Mubarak.

 Now everybody hopes that  military administration or the authoritarian administration won't  be replaced by another and there will be genuine free and fair  elections in six months' time.

 A lot of eyes are still on what might  happen next and there are a handful of pro-democracy hardcore  demonstrators now who say they will sleep in the square until the  elections do take place.

 Wear Davies, thank you.

 -- Wyre Davies,  thank you.

 Egyptian officials say several important pieces have been  stolen from the Cairo museum.

 Items taken by looters include two wooden  statues of the famous boy king, Tutankhamun.

 The Government has  defended the Big Society idea against Labour claims that it's too  vague and a cover for spending cuts.

 David Cameron said the initiative  to give a greater role for community and voluntary groups was  intended to change the way the country is run.

 It's David  Cameron's big idea to devolve power from the state to the citizen.

 His  Poents say it's a cover for spending cuts, but the ministers  say the Big Society will transform the country.

 All political parties  agree that reforming public services is good, to open them up,  break the public sector monopolies and support voluntary and  charitable organisations is a good idea.

 No-one is knocking the idea,  but we need to put the pieces in place and have a bigger society,  which will replace the era of the big state.

 The Big Society is not  just about encouraging volunteering, it's about giving pep more  responsibility.

 And patients having a bigger say in their treatment and  parents over schools and charities a greater role in providing public  services.

 In a newspaper today But some charities and social  enterprises like this one in Liverpool, feel the Big Society has  failed to deliver.

 Most of the people I've been speaking to feel  very let down.

 They do feel as though it was a great opportunity  missed.

 Not missed completely.

 We could still get back on track, but  we've missed the first nine or 12 months and we could have really  made a difference.

 This week, David Cameron will take the fight to his  critics, unveiling more details of the £100 million transition fund  for charities facing cuts.

 Details of how the sew-called Big Society  bank may work and who -- so-called Big Society bank may work and who  will train community supporters to help with the work.

 Because he's  struggled to get the idea across he has allowed his opponents to define  it for him.

 Labour say it's a cloak for cutting back the state, a  process they hope it lead to the recontamination of the Conservative  brand.

 It's too vague.

 People don't understand what it means.

 Centrally  that you cannot combine greater responsibility for civil society,  voluntary and community organisations, with cuts in the  money that support them to do the work that they do.

 The Big Society  is misunderstood, says the Government and misconceived say  critics.

 Either way, David Cameron says it's here to stay.

 Police are  investigating the deaths of four members of the same family.

 The  bodies of a woman, a boy and girl were found at a flat in restshire  yesterday afternoon.

 The body of a 32 -year-old man was discovered at  Watermead Country Park on Friday night.

 The deaths are being treated  as suspicious.

 Thousands of Italian women took part in protests today  against Silvio Berlusconi.

 The organisers say Mr Berlusconi has  damaged the standing of women in recent alleged sex scandals.

 He has  denied any wrongdoing.

 The Government is considering lifting  the ban onively partnership ceremonies being held in places of  worship in England and Wales.

 Some groups want to be allowed to carry  out the ceremonies for same-sex couples and an announcement is  expected in a week or so.

 St Martin-in-the-Fields in London  celebrating even song tonight is one of many Anglican parishes  impatient for the right to carry out civil partnerships.

 It's vicar  says he would like to offer the services that were little short of  full marriages.

 What I had hoped for, but it will take time.

 It's  for people of contracting same-sex civil partnerships to come into  church and make promises before God with friends and get the support of  friends.

 In a similar way to ordinary married couples? Yes.

  likely that civil partnerships carried out here at the alter rail  like regular weddings would not just be in church but would include  religious readings and music and be carried out by a priest or minister.

  People say it's a clear step towards outright clear marriage and  some fiercely resist.

 If indeed people wish to be married let it be  a secular marriage, but as far as I'm concerned the word of God is  very clear and I think it should be a man and woman that should be  married.

 With the matching clothe - - clothes and flowers and rings  they've become indishable.

 -- indistinguishable.

 They give gay  couples the lawful protection.

 There are gay and lesbian people  just as there are people in the wider population who aren't  devotely religious and for whom this is a terribly important thing.

  It matters a great deal.

 The Church of England has bannedively  partnerships from its churches and the Archbishop of York warned  against any law forcing them to carry them out.

 I want equality  with everybody.

 You cannot say that Quakers shouldn't do it.

 Nor do I  want someone to tell me the Church of England must do it.

 Actually  that's not what equality is about.

 Progressive churches like  Unitarians and Quakers and liberal synagogues support them.

  Traditionalists take a different view.

 They think it's the latest  sign of a secular society placing its priorities ahead of religious  teaching.

 An investigation has begun into the deaths of two horses  at Newbury racecourse.

 Racing had to be abandoned after the two  collapsed and died yesterday.

 Apparently after being electrocuted.

  It was a freak accident.

 Now with the sports news, here is holly  foster.

 Thank you very much.

 After the second round of matches in the  Six Nations, England and France are the only teams still unbeaten.

 The  French were in Dublin today and although they only scored one try  to Ireland's three they still won the match, but only just.

 It was an  entrance full of intent.

 A walk rather than jog emphasising an  Irish determination to put behind them a woeful performance against  Italy.

 They rampaged into the match.

 McFadden had burst over for a  seven-point lead in the first few minutes.

 Maybe the enthusiasm was  too keen.

 Indiscipline presenting the champions sufficient penalties  to put them in front.

 But greater Irish adventure paid further  dividends just before half time.

 They almost made a mess of their  opportunity, but the wriggle to the line was confirmed as a try by the  video referee.

 It should have provided a second-half platform.

  Instead a simple mistackle put Maxime Medard away.

 Yet again  Ireland came back, pressure on the French line eventually allowing  Jamie Heaslip just enough space in the corner.

 They could have won it,  but for a crucial dropped pass in the dying moments.

 Instead it's  France 25-22 winners and they'll share with England Grand Slam  ambitions.

 There was one match in the Premier League today.

 Bolton  beat Everton 2-0 in a mid-table tustle.

 Gary Cahill scored the  first and Daniel Sturridge scored his third goal since joining them  on loan.

 Bolton are eighth and Everton 13th.

 Celtic finished the  weekend five points clear in the Scottish Premier League.

 Daniel  Majstorovic scored the best of their goals in a win against Dundee  Cardiff bus Odeon stadium has been hosting the first round of the new  super league season -- Millennium Stadium.

 There were wins for the  Crusaders and a great comeback by the Leeds rhinos against their  great rivals the Bradford Bulls.

 Rob Burrows pulling them back into  the match, and a late penalty try sealed the win for the Rhinos, 32-  And that is all your sport.

 Colin Firth has been named Best  Actor at the BAFTAs, on a night that saw the film The King's Speech  take a fistful of prizes.

 Firth played King George VI as he  struggled against a speech impediment.

 The film also won  supporting actor awards for both Helena Bonham Carter and Geoffrey  Rush, as well as a string of other prizes.

 Our arts Editor Will  Gompertz has the details.

 His report does contain some flash  photography.

 Never mind the drizzle, the stars  will brighten things up.

 Here they are.

 There is Helena Bonham Carter  and Tom Ford with Julianne Moore.

 And isn't that Annette Benning from  the movie The Kids Are Alright? It is, the 2011 afters.

 In many ways,  the last 12 months have been enormously successful for the UK  film industry.

 They were hoping that tonight, there would be plenty  of home wins.

 And they weren't disappointed.

 The winning -- the  winner of this year's Best Supporting actress is Helena Bonham  Carter for the King's Speech.

 so used deed losing it, it is quite  a strange feeling to win.

 -- so used to losing.

 Children, if you  are watching, it is not all about the winning! And that was just the  start.

 The BAFTA goes to The King's Speech.

 The King's Speech.

  BAFTA fought supporting actor, Geoffrey Rush.

 And nobody was  surprised by the winner of the best actor award.

 Colin Firth, the  King's Speech.

 I like coming here.

 Thank you.

 There were no stories of  refrigerators this time, it was his family he chose to thank.

 The two -  - the two people sitting over there, my mum and dad, it is as good a  time as any to thank them for everything.

 And the whole family  for remaining so steady, whether they are dealing with her dancing  queen or sometime King.

 But the British didn't have it all their  own way.

 Natalie Portman won best actress award for her performance  as a paranoid prima ballerina in Black Swan.

 And the best director  went to Facebook biopic The Social Network.

 There was a standing  ovation for Sir Christopher Lee

 makes, keep watching.

 We will have  Welcome to Wales Today, I'm Lucy Owen.

 Tonight's headlines.

  Wales' biggest holiday coach company goes into administration.

  Kimberly Johnson graduated with a prestigious architecture degree.

  Now her course and others at a Welsh university are being axed.

  The former owner of a fish and chip shop at the centre of an E-coli  investigation admits breaking food hygiene laws.

  Hello, good evening, I'm Claire Summers.

  The going looks good.

 After being postponed in the Christmas freeze,  we're under starters orders, and all set for the Welsh National.

  I'll be looking ahead to the weekend sport.

  And, they cost £700 and can make pretty pets, but this micro pig  just kept growing.

 Now Nessa needs Good evening.

  The largest holiday coach company in Wales has gone into  administration.

 Diamond Coach Services, based in Swansea, takes  80,000 passengers every year to destinations across the UK and  Europe.

 The administrators have blamed difficult trading conditions,  including the rising cost of fuel.

 Our business correspondent Nick  Servini is at their depot in Swansea.

  All popped up, know where to go, some of the 20 could just which  form part of a £5 million investment by Diamond Coach  Services before it hit financial problems.

 The firm has 80 staff.

  Their future of remains uncertain.

 The news came as a shock to these  regular customers outside the shop in Cardiff, who had come to book  their next holiday.

 We were coming to book two holidays for ourselves,  and for four of us.

 We had a shock when we saw the notice.

 We received  the brochures from them a few weeks ago.

 Industry leaders say they are  saddened such an established presence has collapsed.

 No doubt,  they are a big player in this market in Wales and across the UK,  carrying a tens of thousands of people on holiday each year.

 I am  sure the industry could Paul together, and get the capacity to  cater for those people.

 Administrators say those bought on  package holidays will be able to get their money back from Insurers.

  It remains unclear whether those who have booked day-trips will have  the same benefits.

 We are conscious of the fact people want to  understand what is happening with day trips and holidays over the  next few months.

 We will be communicating with people this  weekend and next week to explain what the consequences of  administration laugh.

 One example of the disruption is found here at  the Millennium Centre in Cardiff which was reliant on the company to  bring hundreds of fans to watch this musical this weekend.

 We were  expecting two coach loads for the matinee performance tomorrow and  Sunday night.

 So, obviously, we want to make sure that those people  who have booked will actually be able to come to see the show if  they are able to make other travel arrangements.

 To the end of the  road for this long-established company but much is still to be  worked out before the future is finally settled.

  The South Wales based motor insurer Admiral says it hopes to take on  several hundred people in the coming year.

 The company, which has  a turnover of more than £1 billion, is planning to expand in Cardiff,  Swansea and Newport.

 We have been in Wales since 1993  and it has been a good success story for us.

 It is important for  us to keep on growing, and important to keep growing in Wales.

  Going Ford this year we are looking at spending, spreading out what  first -- work force up to 4,000 people.

  A murder investigation is underway after a man was found dead in  Swansea city centre this morning.

 Two men, aged 33 and 37, have been  arrested and are in custody at police stations in Swansea and  Bridgend.

 Police have named the dead man as David Williams, 26, who  was homeless and living on the city's streets.

  Police say the fire which killed a woman in Llanelli early this  morning was accidental.

 The 38 year old was rescued by fire crews from  her home in Gelli Road, but died later in hospital.

 Fire  investigators say the smoke alarms may not have been working.

  The Memory Lane cake firm in Cardiff is one of two British  companies which may have used contaminated eggs from Germany.

  More than 4,000 German farms have been closed after some eggs were  found to contain dioxins.

 The Food Standards Agency says there is no  risk to health and most of the products have already been  withdrawn from supermarket shelves.

 Four courses have been axed at the  University of Wales Institute Cardiff as a result of funding cuts.

  35 jobs could now be lost from the university's School of Art, and the  number of student places will also be reduced.

 One of the courses  which will close is a highly respected degree in interior  architecture.

 More from our education correspondent, Ciaran  Jenkins.

 After graduating, Kimberly Johnson  walked straight into a job at this contemporary furniture shop in  Cardiff.

 Her dream is to work for one of the world's top architecture  practices.

 She knew exactly where to study.

 I decided to go to study  in Cardiff, the Interior Architecture course, it is held in  high regard in the industry and I knew that was the place I wanted to  learn.

 It is more than just selecting a few pieces of furniture,  students learn to transform the interior of existing buildings  which have fallen into disrepair.

 Employers have been delighted with  the colour but of the graduates.

 The students we have had from the  course are very practical, they have all worked on Actual schemes  whilst they have been studying.

 I would say the standard of graduate  is very high.

 But this afternoon, all of that came to an end, the  University of Wales visited Cardiff axed the course a long with three  others.

 This is a tight-knit and close Committee, and all of these  letters flooding in, when it was a proposal, there wasn't a single  thing saying it was a good idea.

 The reputation of the institute  will take a hammering.

 The closures mean there will be 25% fewer  student places and 35 jobs are likely to be lost.

 The reason  behind the cutbacks here at the school of art are the same as those  affecting every other university in the country.

 That is worrying news  for anyone studying or working at university or hoping to apply in  future.

 The university blames funding cuts and the Assembly  Government desire to see universities working closer  together.

 An internal document says the decision to significantly  reduce student numbers is a result of a new cap on recruitment.

 For  the first time this year, universities will receive penalties  if they recruit above government targets.

 Universities will be  forced to implement the restrictions on student numbers  they are permitted to recruit, compared with previous years, there  will be more students applying for every place available.

 Kim Bailey  has nothing but praise for her education here, but other budding  architects will not get a chance as she did, and cutting back in  universities means anyone hoping to get a place in future will find it  tougher than ever.

 Lots more to come in the programme.

  Should children be banned from going out of school for lunch? A  new report says it could help them eat more healthily.

  And, a big pig problem.

 Nessa the The former owner of a takeaway,  which was at the centre of an inquiry into an outbreak of E-coli,  has admitted breaking food hygiene laws.

 A court has been told that  there wasn't even a functioning wash-basin in the staff toilet at  the Llay Fish Bar near Wrexham.

 It was investigated by environmental  health officers after four people fell ill with the bug.

 Roger Pinney  reports.

 When and Karen felt ill with Eco  like 18 months ago, they must have been times her family feared she  would not pull through.

 Her kidneys failed and she spent five weeks in  a coma.

 She said hearing her son's voice gave the will to live.

 I gave  up, I wanted to die, but I heard Ollie's Boyce -- voice, and I said  I wanted to live.

 This fish bar became the focus of the  investigation.

 Although connection was never confirmed it was  described as the likely source.

 Inside, health officials found  serious breaches in health hygiene rules.

 The owner has now admitted  failing to ensure the food he sold was fit to eat.

 The takeaway did  not have adequate pest controls, doors were kept open without insect  proved screens, an electrical fly killer did not work, the washbasin  in the toilet was used for storing close and there was nothing they  could use to try their hands.

 The fish bar is under new management  and has no connection to the former owner.

 In court today, he was told  he had committed serious offences and the judge sensa -- judge will  sentence him next month.

 The leader of Anglesey Council has  confirmed he'll be standing down from the role in the summer.

  Councillor Clive Mcgregor will continue as leader until the  council's AGM in May.

 BBC Wales understands he's decided not to  seek re-election as leader, after moves from fellow councillors, both  inside and outside the ruling coalition, to replace him with  another candidate.

 After what feels like just a few  days without it, the snow was back today.

 This morning, parts of north  east Wales, mid Wales and the Heads of the Valleys saw a couple of  inches of snowfall.

 And with it came those familiar problems: from  slippery conditions for shoppers in Wrexham, to lorries stuck on  roadsides slowing the traffic in Powys.

 And hazardous driving  conditions on many A and B roads.

 The snow also forced the closure of  around 30 schools across the country.

  We'll have a full weather forecast with Derek later.

  First, a report on school dinners is recommending that children  should be banned from leaving school premises to buy lunch, as  part of an action plan to promote healthier eating.

 It follows an  Assembly Government pilot project at nine schools across the country.

  The report wants school canteens to be seen as an extension of the  classroom, with pupils involved in drawing up menus, and even cooking  the food.

 The lunch bell's just gone at Ysgol  Gyfun Aberaeron.

 And hundreds of hungry pupils are flooding into the  canteen.

 As it's Friday, it's chips.

 Unusual, you might think, in a  school that's trying to promote a healthier way of eating.

 However,  under the Appetite for Life Action Plan, this is the only day of the  week that chips are available.

 For the last two years, this has been  one of nine schools across Wales taking part in a pilot project to  provide healthy yet appealing food.

 Been we have had to go down the  fast food route, and provide filled rolls, a salad bar, pastor, all of  this has improved the uptake of school meals, particularly with the  senior pupils.

 We have a new sandwich stand.

 We are seeing more  people in the canteen.

 The two-year research report by the University  of Bath says cookery lessons should be used to pilot new dishes, and  schools should make it clear that crisps and a drink is no longer an  acceptable lunchtime meal.

 It is an issue whether offering them a  choice, whether it changes the diets of young people.

 We are  suggesting something more radical.

 However, if schools don't serve  food the pupils like, they often vote with their feet, according to  this cafe owner in Cardiff.

 If they provided food that children enjoyed  at a reasonable price, fair enough.

 Obviously the children are enjoying  the food far more here.

 It is not junk-food.

 They do have the option  to have fizzy drinks and crisps if they want them.

  The report recommends that even sixth formers should be banned from  leaving school premises to buy lunch, something which these pupils  believed was ridiculous.

 shouldn't be told what to eat, we  should have a choice.

 As the 6th formers, we have made the decision  to come to school so we can decide what to eat.

 The food is a nice so  here than at school, and there is the social aspect with your friends.

  The proof of the pudding, as they say, is in the eating.

 And back in  Aberaeron, the pilot projects proved successful.

 However, if it's  rolled out right across Wales, some communities may not find it so  Joining me now is the Liberal Democrat Assembly Member, Jenny  Randerson, who has had legislation passed on how the school food.

 The  Assembly Government has waited for today's report.

 Can you outline in  a nutshell what that involves.

 My legislation took the gradual  approach and said it was a mistake to do it in a great rush as they  did in England.

 The Jamie Oliver approach.

 Instead we should educate  schoolchildren into the ways of healthy eating.

 There should be an  obligation on local authorities and schools to promote healthy eating.

  It gives the minister the power to set the nutritional standard.

  is it realistic to ban children from leaving school premises at  lunchtime? That is the obvious follow-through.

 I did not put that  in mind legislation.

 The Assembly committee proposed it.

 Their  information, their public consultation showed that was  necessary.

 I have to say I went to school -- schools that are doing  tremendous work on healthy eating.

 Lots of education, effort to the  end people.

 They felt they were being undermined by the chip shop  over the road, the van that was parked down the road.

 It is  difficult for them with that temptation at the school gate.

  For find you very much.

 Plenty on the sporting menu this  weekend.

 A tasty fixture ahead with the  rugby.

 Let me bring your own to date with last night's action.

 The  Dragons Health on tour when last night to Connacht in the Magners  League.

 Aled Brew scored one try and set up another to give the  Gwent side their victory.

 Paul Turner is to be contacted by the  Welsh Rugby Union after he claimed two his players were injured at a  Wales training session.

 The WRU want to clarify what they call an  unfair and damaging allegation.

 Two Here is the table.

 The Blues face  Aironi.

 The Ospreys face Leinster.

 Let's speak to our rugby  A really tough test for the Ospreys tonight.

  For Leinster all the big names are back.

 But they are preparing for  Europe next week with the big guns.

 The Ospreys are choosing to rest  some of their bake names.

 It is the 50th game here and Leinster have  won 44.

 It is it a night for Justin Tipuric,  named captain for the Ospreys.

 Showing a lot of faith in him.

  He captained Kent Under 20 level for Wales.

 He has been playing very  well.

 It shows that the Ospreys are looking at home grown talent as  well as the likes of Jerry Collins.

 Just 28 days to go until Wales face  England in the Six Nations opener.

 Plenty of speculation as to who  might be in that squad.

 There has been talk about going to  the old days and having a final trial.

 This is a final trial for  Ireland and Wales.

 A lot of individuals with points to prove.

  But the big thing for the Ospreys, together as a team and come  together with something.

 Enjoy the game.

 Thank you.

  You can watch the game live on BBC Two Wales tonight from 7:30pm.

  Darts.

 There's a very strong Welsh presence and plenty of drama at  that BDO finals at the lakeside in Ascot.

 Dolgellau's Martin Phillips  won a sensational match against Garry Robson.

 His wife could barely  watch.

 He is through to the semi- finals.

 In the women's competition,  Llanelli's Rhian Edwards is through to tonight's final.

 She will pay --  play Trina Gulliver.

 Football.

 Cardiff and Swansea Aaron  third-round FA Cup action this week.

 Swansea City welcome Colchester.

  The FA Cup is a competition we want to do well in.

 A great history.

 It  is something we want to win.

 Colchester have come from a  difficult game.

 We have to have confidence and attack the game.

  Returning to form against Leeds, Cardiff City travel to Stoke  managed by a Welshman, Tony Pulis.

 I've had a conversation with Tony  Pulis a few weeks previous.

 We were talking about when they were  promoted and how they went about it.

 Next thing, we are appalled that  there had together.

 -- pulled out of the have together.

 We're into  the second part of the season and this is the important one.

 We will  pick her team who I think we'll get the result.

  We were hoping to bring you news on the big race tomorrow at the  racecourse in Chepstow.

 It was postponed, the Welsh National,  because of the weather.

 It was terrible.

 There were concerns last  night but it is set to run tomorrow lunchtime.

 The big question is can  last year's Welsh winner, Dream Alliance do it all again? We can't  tell you any more now.

 We will bring you more at 10:25pm.

 We are  going to be talking about micro pigs.

 Tracey Lisk spent £700 on one.

  If the problem though, one year on, the animal has to bake for the  house.

 She feels as if she has been told porkies and is looking for a  new home for her pet.

 At birth of they wait nine ounces  and can fit in a teacup.

 One-year- old, this so-called micro pigs can  barely get out of the front door.

 Nessa is still growing.

 Her owner  thought it would be an ideal pet.

 The beautician had read how clean  and good with children they are.

 Because she was so small I thought  that was amazing.

 The celebrities have them.

 I would have loved to  have that debt.

 A couple of months old she was growing quite rapidly.

  I thought she was getting too big for her bed.

 A micro pigs should  weigh no more than five stone when fully bake -- macro.

 Tracey  realises she's got as much chances of having her money back as Nessa  sprouting wings.

 The RSPCA are concerned about this  trend for Pat bakes and say whatever the size, they are not an  animal for indoors.

 Cakes as sociable creatures.

 They need to be  Tracey is willing to give Nessa away for free.

  Big is beautiful and hopefully I think Nessa will need a scarf  today.

 We have seen the worst of the snow for the time being but  this afternoon I had an e-mail from John Norman who lives in Wrexham.

  He measured 11 centimetres of snow earlier today in the village which  is about four inches.

 The temperatures and above freezing  here now.

 There is more rain to come tonight.

 Some of this rain  could be on the heavy signed bringing in some risk of flooding.

  The reason for the heavy rain and snow is this area of low pressure.

  That is going to move across Britain heading to was Norway.

 This  evening, dry for a time but it will not last.

 Further showers and rain  are expected overnight.

 The rain heavy in places.

 Some fog reducing  visibility.

 Less cold tonight.

 Temperatures holding above freezing.

  Four tomorrow, it is an improving story.

 A cloudy start.

 Otherwise  drive.

 Breezy and it will feel cold if you're popping out to the shop  in the morning.

 Temperatures in Caernarfon about one degree Celsius.

  As we go through the day come it will cheer up.

 These guys will  Brighton.

 You might catch a few -- the skies will be bright.

 If you  have opted Chepstow Racecourse for the Welsh National tomorrow, it  will turn into a nice day and the best of luck to Dream Alliance.

  Infringer, morning rain will clear a way.

 -- in Flintshire.

 Tomorrow  night is looking breezy with a few scattered showers.

 Some clear  spells and a slight frost is possible in places.

 Sunday looks a  decent day with much of the country dry with bright skies.

 Highs  between four and seven degrees Celsius.

 I would make the most of  the try weather over the weekend because next week is back to normal.

  The jet stream further north so turning milder but wet and windy  with south-westerly winds.

 Our picture is the snow before  Good news.

 We have fixed our technical problems.

 The Grand  National was postponed because of the big freeze and there were  concerns but it is all set to run tomorrow.

 The big question, not the  favourite, but can last year's Welsh winner, Dream Alliance, do it  all again? For the first time in a month of  the weather has been kind to Chepstow Racecourse.

 With no frost  was no overnight staff could get on with preparing for tomorrow's Welsh  National in the second week of 2011.

 We're going to be back on the  meeting that would have taken place on the 27th.

 We are expecting to  have few less people on site.

 Tickets are still available.

 Our  restaurants and nearly fully booked.

 If people want to come along they  can.

 With wintry weather forecast for  today the organisers were nervous about a second postponement.

 They  had laid a protective sheet across the whole of the track to ward off  frost but they would have been powerless against another dump of  snow.

 Officials have been offering a prayer of thanks.

 20 miles away  they have had a lot of snow but here, it has only been rain.

  Tomorrow's race meeting can go ahead.

 We're very pleased with it.

  We had eight mm of rain this morning.

 We had the look and it has  taken that rain very well.

 The water goes through these covers.

 It  is very soft down -- ground, proper jumping ground.

 Tomorrow's  forecasted to be a beautiful day.

 The conditions could suit last  year's winner, Dream Alliance, who is the only horse flying the Welsh  flag.

 But he is not one of the favourite as he has been pulled up  in every outing since.

 That type lies with the champion jockey, A P  McCoy.

 He has never won the Welsh National and will hope to repeat  his success in the Grand National on board, Synchronised.

  The racing starts on BBC Two Wales from 1pm tomorrow.

  A reminder of tonight's headlines.



 Welcome to Wales today.

 I'm Lucy  Owen.

 Tonight's headlines: "An honest mistake" - the issue of  organ donation gets personal after an error by Welsh Secretary Cheryl  Gillan.

 You proposed York own presumed consent Bill didn't you in  Westminster in 2002? You didn't do that?  Vehicles are stranded as flooding causes major problems on some roads.

  I came round the bend and drove straight into it.

  Powys health board is ordered to apologise for the failings in the  care it gave to 87 year-old cancer patient Graham Silkstone before his  death.

 Also tonight: Speculation that  Prince William may have intervened with the Prime Minister over plans  to privatise the search and rescue service.

  And missing from the old chapel at Castell Coch, stained glass windows  are found at auction.

 Now the fight Good evening.

 The row over whether  Wales can introduce its own system of organ donation for transplants  got personal today.

 It came after a mistake during an interview with  the BBC by Welsh Secretary Cheryl Gillan, the woman many Assembly  politicians are now blaming for the dispute between Westminster and  Cardiff Bay.

 The Assembly Government wants to introduce a  system of presumed consent where people's organs are available for  donation when they die, unless they say no.

 But the UK Government has  raised a number of objections.

 Over to our Welsh affairs editor,  Vaughan Roderick.

 There is no sign that the  escalating row over the Assembly Government's attempts to change the  organ donation system in Wales will die down.

 Yesterday there was real  anger in Cardiff Bay at the legal objections from Westminster to the  changes, objections involving human rights legislation and other  aspects of the plans.

 But today that anger turned first to laughter  and then scorn as the Welsh Secretary was wrong-footed on Radio  Wales.

 It probably wasn't Cheryl Gillan's  finest hour.

 Defending UK Government's objections to the  Assembly Government's plans, the Welsh Secretary repeatedly denied  introducing a similar bill in the House of Commons.

 You produce your  own presumed consent Bill in 2002.

 I did what? You proposed York own  presumed consent Bill into 1002, didn't you? You need to check your  facts.

 You didn't do that? Not that I'm aware.

 And how does that square  with this? Second reading, Friday 19th July, Mr Speaker.

 Cheryl  Gillan's opponents were hardly going to ignore the own goal.

  Secretary of State for Wales is rather out of touch with Wales.

  She's even out of touch with her own parliamentary record, out of  touch with reality perhaps.

 How she can have forgotten introducing  herself a Private Member's Bill on this very same subject with  precisely the same intention is beyond belief.

 Cheryl Gillan was  left with no choice but to back down, while defending the UK  Government's stance.

 I an honest mistake.

 Nearly nine years ago, I  introduced a bill which didn't get further.

 It was objected to by the  Labour party then.

 So you personally and not opposed to what  the Assembly Government is trying to do? This is a matter for.

.

.

 This  is a completely different state of affairs to nine years ago.

 This is  about Wales taking powers to itself over organ donation.

 At Whitehall -  - legal objections to the plans by Whitehall were dismissed today.

  primary purpose of this is to do with health.

 Health is a devolved  responsibility.

 For that reason, in my view, the Assembly is acting  within its powers.

 Comments are likely to fuel suspicions that the  UK Government's actions are more about policy than law.

 While the  politicians squabble, patients waiting for transplants can  actually watch from the sidelines.

 How embarrassing is this for the  Welsh Secretary? On the red face Gale, I would say it is closer to  pink than puce.

 I don't think the Welsh Secretary -- I don't think  anybody thinks there were so good she was lying deliberately.

 She  would be certainly found out if you were.

 But the picture the other  parties are trying to paint his of her as somebody who isn't on top of  this as an issue, and indeed not on top of the job of Welsh Secretary.

  So it plays into the narrative that Labour and Plaid Cymru have painted  continually about her.

 That is what is embarrassing.

 It isn't a  resigning issue, but it is embarrassing.

 Does any of this make  the planned changes more or less likely? It could do.

 There is a lot  of megaphone diplomacy going on at the moment.

 It may well be that  politicians at both ends of the M40, at the end of the day we are  talking about people's lies.

 Shouldn't we bring this pantomime  politics were close and settle the issue? This may force people to  come together as it round the table to try and thrash the issue out  once and for all.

 Thank you.

 There's been flooding in several  parts of the country after heavy rain yesterday and overnight.

 There  are currentlythree flood warnings and 17 flood alerts in force on  Welsh rivers.

 The A487 was closed to cars near Machynlleth, with one  elderly woman needing to be rescued from her home after a foot of water  poured in.

 Simon Pusey is there.

 In December, it was the snow.

 Now  it is the rain which is causing problems in areas across Wales.

 I  am on one of the main routes in and out of Machynlleth.

 As you can see,  the water is up to my shins.

 Closer to the bridge, it is more like  waist height.

 Earlier this morning I was speaking to some people who  are trying to get a similar -- are trying to get across as similar  stretch of water on the other side of town.

  It looks more like a river, but this is a major road near town  centre this morning.

 Most lorries made it across, but cars stood  little chance.

 Some were abandoned altogether, left to withstand the  elements.

 Don't go through.

 You are or writing this, but in a car, no  chance! Della slowly as she can, so you don't move the water too much.

  Keep the engine running.

 A I have been here for a couple of hours,  and several vehicles have made it through, but others haven't been so  lucky.

 The red vehicle they drove him at midnight last night and the  driver has been stuck inside ever since.

 He was eventually towed to  safety by a recovery team.

 Back on dry land after 10 hours.

 What have  you been doing? Twiddling my thumbs.

 Just to remind puzzle book! Waiting  to be rescued.

 There was no warning, no lights, nothing.

 We are out in  the sticks here.

 There is no lighting to do anything.

 I came  round the bend and drove straight 10 to it.

 There was nothing to say  there was a flat here.

 Nearby, woman in her nineties had to be  held from her cottage after it was flooded with one foot of water.

  resident has been rescued and she has been moved.

 It was an elderly  lady, a single elderly lady.

 Three flood warnings and 18 flood alerts  are currently in prices across Nor for Bridgend, people were doing  their best to mop up the water which flowed through their houses.

  We had a knock on the door at about 1230.

 The next on neighbours were  saying their bathroom was flooded.

 We came downstairs and the bathroom  was exactly the same, water coming in.

 We checked the drains around  the side, and they were just overflowing.

 Backing Machynlleth,  they what is so high, just a hardy few reset crossing the bridge.

  have never seen at this height.

 This deep.

 A DG think of turning  back? No.

 You have got to set yourself a challenge in the morning,  just to wake yourself up! But for most, the flooding is an unwelcome  disruption after the chaos caused by the snow in December.

  There are still places across Wales which have experienced up to 14  centimetres of rain in the last 48 hours.

 Anybody is concerned it --  anybody who is concerned should call the Environment Agency  floodline.

 Which killed two pilates and two  goals was told that the plane had no warning signs.

 The coroner said  it was sad that the loss of life was needed to bring the whisky into.

  14 year-old Katie-Jo Davies and her 13 year-old cousin, Nikkita Walters,  from Evanstown in Rhonnda Cynon Taf, died in the crash along with the  two pilots.

 A huge new order for Airbus will create new jobs in the  future at the company's wing plant at Broughton in Flintshire.

 The  firm says it has signed the biggest single order in commercial aviation  history for 180 Airbus A320 aircraft.

  A health board has been ordered to apologise for the care it gave to  an elderly cancer patient who died at Brecon War Memorial Hospital.

  The public services ombudsman has found there were a number of  shortcomings in the care given to 87 year-old Graham Silkstone before  his death in 2008.

 His family have been speaking to our health  correspondent, Hywel Griffith.

 Graham Silkstone is remembered as a  loving father and grandfather.

 Two years after his death, his family  are still finding it hard to come to terms with the way he was  treated by the NHS.

 He came to this hospital in Brecon to recover from  an operation, but an ombudsman's investigation has found that he  wasn't properly assessed or given a plan of care.

 The hospital failed  to provide him with proper food or fluid.

 He returned from General  Hospital having had a medical procedure.

 He should have been  offered, for instance, something to drink.

 He should have been  encouraged take it, as to make sure he had sufficient nutrition, that  he wasn't dehydrated, and his general monitoring of his condition,  given the seriousness of his illness.

 There is no evidence this  took place.

 His daughter, Janet, is still angry that the family were  not consulted about her father's Kuyt.

 After his death, others were  allowed to view her father's body without their permission.

 He was  very elderly.

 You put your relatives into the hands of people  you believe will do their utmost for them.

 This is what we believed  until we got the notes.

 But the notes showed that they haven't done  that.

 It is extremely sad, and I have to read that is awful because  of the trust you have in the National Health Service.

 The local  health board say they accept today's report and have made  changes.

 This report does have an impact on us in terms of the  changes we have already made and we plan to make.

 I would hope that the  family in this case will see that we are committed to making further  improvements but all patients, in particular those were elderly and  vulnerable.

 The failings detailed in the report once again raised  questions about the dignity and care given to order people when  they are treated by the NHS in Wales.

 There seemed to be  particular problems when it comes to communication, both with the  patients and their families.

 Of particular concern is that they  don't resuscitate order was placed on Graham Silkstone without the  family being consulted.

 It is a matter of great concern.

  Unfortunately it isn't an isolated incident.

 There are many examples  of good practice as well, where staff to communicate with the  patient and the family member.

 Having faced a two-year battle to  have the failings made public, Mr Silkstone's family are now calling  for a change in the law to make it easier for families to access the  medical notes of their deceased so they can better understand what  Still to come in the programme.

 How much exercise do your children  do? The campaign to get them doing five hours a week, but how  realistic is it? Will they be reclaimed for the  nation? A castle's missing stain Did he or didn't he? There's  speculation that Prince William may have intervened personally with the  Prime Minister in the row over the future of search and rescue.

 The  prince is an RAF helicopter pilot based at Valley on Anglesey.

 The  coalition government at Westminster is understood to be planning to  privatise the service, although an announcement before Christmas was  William, the pilot.

 He is specialised in doing the job.

 But  he is not really in a position to shape future policy for the future.

  But as Prince, that is a different story.

 He may have been bending  David Cameron's here.

 The Prime Minister will be well aware of the  changes to search-and-rescue.

 have been lobbied by people of all  walks of life.

 An announcement on the future was due in December.

 It  was postponed due to commercially sensitive reasons.

 I was watching  the blackball verses Wolves game.

 The Prince and premises or linked  up in Zurich with the World Cup bid.

 All at Number 10 would say is that  it would not comment on discussions with the Royal Family.

 I am not  aware of for the Prime Minister has talked to.

 But you will be getting  a letter from myself for a Clear statement.

 For now, the future of  search and rescue hangs in the Two weeks in to the New Year and  how many of us have already broken our resolutions to keep fit? Those  in charge of promoting sport want to see every child and young person  doing five hours sport a week.

 It's all part of a new sporting vision  published today, with the aim of creating a nation of champions.

 In  a moment we'll speak to the man Some of our sporting greats in  action.

 Those running Welsh sport want to give people the chance to  make up the next generation of sporting heroes.

 They are calling  it a vision for sport.

 The aim of the fission is to unite what is  already a proud sporting nation and create a country full of champions.

  In order to do that, those in charge of sport say they want to  get every child hooked on sport for life.

 Our target is to make sure  every child in Wales gets an opportunity to swim.

 I joined a  club when I was five years old.

 It is good to get into the social  atmosphere and it builds you up.

 You have a good time and I did not  realise they would be still swimming are now off.

 People do not  realise they have the talent until they get into the pool.

 Swimming is  not for everyone.

 The main target in the blueprint is for children to  take part in sport for five hours a week.

 What is known is that more  children are already taking part in The key to improving that statistic  is to encourage more involvement from volunteers and families.

 But  not everyone will go on to become a champion.

 Dr Huw Jones is Chief  Executive of Sport Wales and he joins us from their centre in  Cardiff now where the Welsh gymnastics squad are training  tonight.

 Dr Jones, we all know the benefits of keeping fit and taking  part in sport, but is expecting every child to do five hours a week  realistic? It is a fish and.

 That is the important thing.

 It is  something we are trying to get our partners and local authorities and  schools to sign up to.

 If we are going to remain a fit and healthy  nation, people need to do more activity.

 Will they be able to  manage that? We have to be aspirational.

 It is easy to be  negative about some of these aspects.

 If we succeed, everybody  in sport knows that if you want to succeed at the highest level, you  have to be aspirational.

 You have to set high goals.

 A Kinnock of  this concrete ways concerning how you will achieve this? We have to  up our game.

 We have to be a great organisation and we want to become  that Underwood to help our partners to become great organisations so  that we can achieve these aspirations.

 These are tough  economic times and for you and other organisations.

 What will you  be doing to help them achieve the vision? We do not work directly  with families.

 We can highlight the importance of the issues so that  people get the importance of sport.

 Too many people don't understand  the importance of physical activity to their health and well-being.

  People have to take responsibility Flu related debts in Wales have  risen substantially according to the latest figures.

 The number of  debts is 27 today.

 What do these figures tell us? Normally, we do  not measure seasonal flu deaths.

 This year, we are reporting on it.

  The figures were released today show they are levelling off and it  is not getting a higher than the usual seasonal flu.

 We are on the  levelling off and we are beginning to show signs of reducing in the  outbreak.

 The early indications that people are seeing GPs and the  numbers are up reducing.

 It has not gone higher than usual.

 Hopefully,  we are at the top of it.

 believe this is the peak? Usually  it lasts for 10 weeks.

 We are on a week at number five.

 They will  still be pressure on the NHS and so more deaths.

 Can you remind us of  the advice? There is advice on the web sites and NHS Direct.

 Please  To stained glass windows by William Burgess have turned up at an  auction house in Salisbury.

 Caddell is trying to raise the money to buy  These are photographic copies of the cartoons.

 They do not do them  justice.

 You have all these lovely details.

 The fairy-tale castle.

 In  1855, when William Burgess and the third Marquess of Bute set about  building Castell Coch, part of their medieval vision was a chapel  with images of saints in stained glass.

 William Burgess design each  element of the castle, right down to the glass panels.

 When the  chapel was later dismantled, some were lost.

 I suspect it was divided  among members of the family.

 They were then sold into the private  market to re-emerge again in this case.

 The 10 panels which found  their way to Cardiff Castle remain on display.

 Some of the finest work  by the architect can be seen here.

 He lavished attention on the room's  in the castle.

 The panels are among the most treasured artefact.

  William Burgess is a rare architect.

 He was very expensive to employ.

  His buildings are very few and far between.

 The exact amount needed  has not been disclosed.

 The decision is expected at the end of  March.

 There has been some flooding today.

 Is there more rain on the  way? I am afraid so.

 We had a respite today but the rain is back  this evening.

 Around 40 mm expected The reason for all the rain is this  active weather front moving further north.

 But to move away tomorrow.

  Before that, there is more rain to come tonight.

 Heavies on the high  ground.

 Mist and fog patches as well.

 A mild night for January.

  Tomorrow, the weather is set to get better.

 It was that of grey and  cloudy.

 Still some mist patches and hill fog.

 Try year in the Marches.

  Temperatures above average with a south-westerly breeze.

 A few  showers dotted around in the afternoon.

 Some sunshine in places.

  Top temperatures around ten Celsius.

 In Pembrokeshire tomorrow, drier  and brighter.

 As for the weekend, there is more rain, drizzle and  strong winds on the way.

 Mild but windy.

 Strong to gale-force winds.

  The rain will spread further south- east on Sunday.

 The rain should  clear later in the day.

 It did with keeping a close eye on the forecast  Thank you for the photograph.

 More It is nearly 7 o'clock.

 The  headlines.

 Hospital consultants are being accused of playing the system  in -- and costing the NHS millions.

 In Wales, the Welsh Secretary has  admitted making a mistake after

 Hello, good afternoon.

 Teachers  have agreed to be balloted over strike action, in protest against  planned Government changes to public sector pensions.

 Delegates  at the National Union of Teachers' annual conference voted almost  unanimously in favour of a ballot.

  Reeta Chakrabarti is in Harrogate.

  Well, the NUT has become the second teachers' union, along with the ATL,  involve voted to ballot for strike action.

 If their members agree,  every school in England and Wales could be hit this summer.

 Teachers  here have been in no mood to compromise on pensions.

 All parts  of the public sector face increases in their pension contribution next  year and a rise in their pension age next year.

 But teachers could  be the first public sector workers to walk out.

 The NUT leader was in  no doubt about strike action if the Government doesn't compromise.

  afraid from where we stand at the moment, if there is no movement  from Government it does look inevitable, but there is still a  period of time to go.

 We will engage in those negotiations in  good faith if they are genuine negotiations.

  Drama teacher Jo Letzen would support a strike.

 At 29 she is  early on in her career, but the pensions issue has a serious effect  on her future.

 It is making me rethink whether or not I want to be  a teacher.

 If they do what they are planning, to raise the pension age,  65 or 68 years of age, if I have to work until I'm 68, that's another  39 years of teaching.

 Government says it wants to work  with the unions but that changes are essential because people are  living much longer.

 But if there is no successions, that's not a  message teachers here will accept.

 The earliest time that strikes  could take place is June, although the exam period won't be hit.

 June  is also the time when Ministers are due to come back with more concrete  proposals.

 The message to them from union leaders is clear, we don't  like what you have to say, and we'll take our members on strike.

  Reeta, thank you.

 Opposition groups in Syria say a  number of people have been killed after security forces opened fire  on mourners attending funerals.

 Shooting was reported in the  capital, Damascus, and in the village of Izraa.

 Tens of thousands  have demonstrated to mark the deaths of pro-democracy activists  killed in protests yesterday.

 James  Robbins reports.

 Mobile phone  pictures of what seemed to be funerals in Deraa today for  yesterday's victims of the Syrian security forces.

 Reports say police  later opened fire on this gathering, but there is no sign of protesters  giving up demands for democracy in the face of mounting violence  against them.

 More images from protesters have emerged of  yesterday's shootings.

 Despite efforts by the Syrian regime to  stifle coverage and blame the violence on what it calls armed  criminal gangs.

 Now two members of the Syrian Parliament representing  this city say they are resigning in protest at the bloodshed in their  country.

 TRANSLATION: If I'm incapable of defending the young  people from these treacherous bullets there is no longer any  meaning to my presence in Parliament.

 But the regime seems  determined to resist real change at any cost.

 At the end of the day it  can't give the demonstrators the one thing they demand - democracy.

  That would be suicide for the regime.

 In any free and fair  elections they would be swept aside.

 The regime faces growing  international condemnation.

 President Obama called the  shootings outrageous.

 Britain says they are unacceptable, but there is  no sign that Syria's rulers are willing to change course.

  A row has broken out between David Cameron and Nick Clegg over the way  work placements are offered to young people.

 Speaking to The  Telegraph, the Prime Minister said he was "very relaxed" about giving  internships to the children of friends.

 But speaking to Liberal  Democrat activists today, the Deputy Prime Minister said he "was  not relaxed about it at all".

 John Sullivan, the writer behind hit TV  series such as Only Fools and Horses, and Citizen Smith, has died  after a short illness.

 He was 64.

 The actor, David Jason, said he was  totally devastated at the loss of the country's greatest comedy  writer.

 David Sillito reports.

 it nice and cool son, nice and cool,  you know what I mean? It was in one poll voted the best  joke in the history of British TV comedy, and John Sullivan had seen  it happen for real more than 20 years before.

 The words, the  characters, they all came from John Sullivan's own life, growing up in  South London.

 He started work at the BBC at 16 as a scene shifter,  but in his spare time he wrote sketches.

 His breakthrough, Citizen  Smith.

 Power to the people!  And after that came Only Fools and  And the words he wrote were often simply what he had overheard.

  thing was write what you know, and that was Only Fools and Horses,  Citizen Smith.

 That's what he knew, that was the voice he knew.

 Brace  yourself Rodney.

 The wit, heart and frustrations of  everyday life.

 The secret of a writer who created  Sport now, and Manchester United grabbed a late winner against  Everton to edge closer to regaining the Premier League title.

 Javier  Hernandez nodded the only goal of

 Good afternoon.

 A US congresswoman  remains in critical condition after a gunman shot her in the head in a  shooting spree which left six people dead.

 Gabrielle Giffords was  shot at a public meeting in a Tucson supermarket.

 Police in  Arizona have confirmed they're hunting for a possible accomplice.

  Paul Adams reports from Washington.

 Gabrielle Giffords was meeting  members of the public in a supermarket car park when a lone  gunman walked up and fired repeatedly, at point-blank range.

  looked up and saw Ms Giffords being shot, and a gunman continued to  shoot in a rapid fire away.

 He was reloading when he was tackled.

 The  woman who was there actually took the cartridge away from him, and  the gun as well.

 Police say they're holding a 22-year-old suspect, but  will not confirm that this is Jared Loughner, identified separately in  the media.

 They do so that aspect has a troubled history and say  they're looking for a possible accomplice.

 An en route local  sheriff blamed a national climate of intolerance.

 The anger, the  hatred, the bigotry that goes on in this country, is getting to be  outrageous.

 And unfortunately, Arizona I think has become a sort  of the capital.

 We have become the Mecca for prejudice and bigotry.

  Giffords was recently described as one of the top 10 rising stars in  Congress, highly visible and widely admired.

 A Democrat in a  conservative state, she's no stranger to controversy.

 She voted  for President Obama's Health Care Reform Bill, and her office was  vandalised.

 After the shooting police said they found a suspicious  package at the same location.

 Among the victims of the shooting were a  respected federal judge and and nine-year-old girl.

 Doctors say  they believe Gabrielle Giffords will survive.

 Thousands of people  are voting in southern Sudan in a referendum on independence from the  north.

 The week-long vote is widely expected to result in Africa's  largest country being split in two.

 The referendum was promised to the  south as part of a peace deal which ended decades of civil war.

 The  Prime Minister has warned that banks bailed out by the taxpayer  should not be paying huge bonuses.

 He was responding to reports that  the chief executive of the Royal Bank of Scotland, Stephen Hester,  will receive nearly £7 million in bonuses, salary and other payments  this year.

 Terry Stiasny reports.

 It may be a New Year, but even the  Prime Minister concedes, not necessarily a happy one for the  economy or for politicians.

 Actually there are brighter times  ahead, and this is still a fantastic country to live in, to  work in, to do business in, and all of the strengths and success is  that we have.

 I am still optimistic about our future, but I fully  accept the difficulty which I'm sure people will be suffering, and  at times they will want to give their politicians a good, hard kick.

  Do that Cameron acknowledge pressures with rising prices and  higher VAT, but played down expectations of any possible future  tax cuts, saying he wanted the country to get out of its fast pit  of debt.

 We start the year with a broken promise, because both  parties said they would not increase VAT, with something which  takes forward this fiscal fundamentalism - no other country  is pursuing this, and it hits the poorest.

 So my anger has focused on  bonuses for City bankers.

 RBS says no decision has been taken on one  its chief executive Will earn.

 want to see the bonus pool smaller  than last year, and the Royal Bank of Scotland is owned by the  Government, they should not be

 The Scottish Nationalists demand  more power is devolved from Westminster.

 After stunning gains  in the Scottish Parliament elections, the SNP flexes its  muscles and says independence is  not a matter of if, but when.

  issue in terms of Scotland about independence - I think there is an  inevitability about the destination, but the timing, of course, depends  entirely on the will of the people.

 More bad-tempered election fall-out  for the coalition - tensions rise as a senior Liberal Democrat calls  the Conservatives "ruthless and calculating.

"  The count goes on in Northern Ireland - the DUP and Sinn Fein are  set to dominate the Assembly.

 Tributes to the golfing great Seve  Ballesteros, who's died after a long illness.

  And QPR secure promotion to the  Premier League after the FA says it  Good afternoon.

 The leader of the Scottish National Party, Alex  Salmond, has urged David Cameron to devolve more power to Scotland.

 The  call came as the SNP gathered in Edinburgh to celebrate gaining  control of the Scottish Parliament.

 Earlier this afternoon, the leader  of the Scottish Liberal Democrats, Tavish Scott, resigned after what  he called a disastrous result for  his party at the polls.

 Let's go  live to our Scotland correspondent James Cook who's outside the  Scottish Parliament.

 Yes, the Prime Minister called Alex  Salmond last night to congratulate him on his victory.

 He said he  believed that because of the vote, this place should be given more  powers.

 However, he told me today this wasn't a vote for independence  yet.

 This is what victory looks like in the flesh - 69 Nationalists  united above all by one radical belief - the notion that Scotland  can stand alone.

 In more than a decade of devolution, this is the  first time more than one party has led them to these seats.

 Would Alex  Salmond now put money on independence? I think there is an  inevitability about destination, but the timing, of course, depends  entirely on the will of the people.

 That's why the only sensible answer  to the question is Scotland will become an independent country when  the Scottish people so judge in a referendum.

 It's the people's  choice.

 The SNP says a referendum won't happen for at least two-and-  a-half years.

 In the meantime, the party is pressing for Holyrood to  take full control of taxation and borrowing.

 For this professor of  politics, these are remarkable times.

 The public at the moment do  not have an appetite for independence, but that could change.

  It could change in the context of a UK Government that becomes deeply  unpopular.

 It could change in the context of an SNP Government being  seen to be even more incompetent than it was before.

 As for the  losing parties, the recriminations continue.

 The Scottish Labour  leader will stand down in the autumn, and he's not the only one  after the Lib Dems were wiped out, losing 11 of their 16 seats.

 When  the leader leads, he's got to take the responsibility - and I do - for  the result we had.

 I was the figurehead of the campaign.

 It was  ultimately a very, very tough night for the Liberal Democrats.

 I have  lost too many very close friends and colleagues.

 I have to recognise  that therefore, it's my decision to resign and look to the party to  elect a new leader in due course.

 The SNP was helped into power by  the poor performance of the Lib Dems.

 The relationship between  Edinburgh and London is now central to the future of the United Kingdom.

  Interesting times for politics in Scotland and the United Kingdom,  and Downing Street told us tonight in that phone call yesterday, Mr  Cameron told Mr Salmond, he wanted to work with him, but there were  some issues on which they might not We can leave it there.

 Many thanks.

  The Business Secretary, Vince Cable, has launched a fierce attack on his  Conservative coalition colleagues, describing them as "ruthless,  calculating and tribal".

 His comments came after the Lib Dems  failed to get public backing to change the voting system and  suffered huge losses in the local elections.

 Our political  vorrespondent Ben Wright reports.

 It wasn't meant to sour so fast.

 A  year ago, they seemed to get on so well, but a year on, one of them  sailed through this week's elections, while the other one sunk.

  They're partners in power, but only Nick Clegg's party is being  punished by the voters.

 Lib Dem councillors across the country were  swept from their seats, and the party lost its bid to change the  voting system.

 One Lib Dem Cabinet Minister today attacked the tactics  of his coalition colleagues.

 has never had many illusions about  the Conservatives anyway, but they have emerged as ruthless,  calculating and thoroughly tribal, but that doesn't mean to say we  couldn't work with them.

 Ruthless, calculating and thoroughly tribal -  skills some might say could have saved the Lib Dems themselves in  places like Newcastle.

 Here, they lost the council to Labour, and the  question now is how the party stops being a sponge for voters' anger.

  The job now is to glex the muscles and create a unique Liberal  Democrats position within the coalition to distinguish ourselves,  not to capsize the coalition boat, but to rock the boat a little bit  from time to time to show that we're different.

 We're Liberal  Democrats.

 The party's Deputy Leader says Nick Clegg is listening.

  Nick understands that things have to be done differently too, and the  whole party has to now get its act together to make sure we deliver  together the sorts of changes that the people who elected us expected.

  So what might change? Within hours of yesterday's results, the party  issued an internal memo obtained by the BBC.

 It said the Liberal  Democrats must show they're making a difference in Government and  fight for the NHS, fairer taxes, increased lockism and reform of the  House of Lords, But if the Liberal Democrats do try to put a bigger  stamp on the Government's policies, they risk riling the Conservatives.

  Nothing would be worse than us, as it were, giving the Liberals a  whole lot of concessions in the months to come.

 There are some very  difficult decision to be made, particularly on health reform.

 I  think the idea somehow the Liberals are going to get all the credit for  any changes would be something many Conservatives would feel distinctly  uneasy about.

 This is a critical moment for the Liberal Democrats.

  During the campaign, Nick Clegg faced calls to distance himself  from David Cameron, and there are now likely to be more public  disagreements between the two parties.

 Bound together by their  plans for the economy, they are committed to the coalition, but  with such different political fortunes, their relationship will  change.

 Meanwhile, counting is still going  on in Northern Ireland.

 But with over half the seats declared, the  DUP and Sinn Fein look set to remain the Assembly's biggest  parties.

 There has also been criticism of delays in the counting.

  Our Ireland correspondent Mark  Simpson is in Belfast.

  Mark? Here we are in Northern Ireland two  days after the election, and we still don't have a final result.

  All the politicians can do is wait and wait and wait.

 I should warn  you, my report does contain some flash photography.

 It's been an  election marathon in Northern Ireland.

 Two days after the polls  closed, the final result is still some way off.

 For politicians, all  the standing around has not been easy.

 Some votes have got mixed up.

  Others have got wet.

 As well as frustration, there's anger that the  whole process is taking so long.

 have worked very hard in Northern  Ireland to project a very positive image, and this projects an image  of us not knowing what we're doing, being quite incompetent.

  proportional representation voting system here does take longer to  count, but no-one expected it to take this long.

 Obviously, in the  aftermath of this process, we will sit down in the cool light of day  with cool heads, clear heads and look at hue things could have been  done better.

 What is clear is that the winners of the Stormont  Assembly election are the Democratic Unionists, and for their  leader, Peter Robinson, this was a stunning personal triumph.

 Peter  Robinson, DUP, 9,148.

 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE  This time last year, his political career seemed to be over.

 He lost  his Westminster seat and his wife Iris Robinson left politics after  being involved in a financial controversy and an extramarital  affair.

 Now, Peter Robinson is back, stronger than ever.

 At the age of  62, he's being called "the comeback kid of Ulster politics.

" I stuck it  out.

 It just wasn't the time to stand down.

 I got massive support  from the party, universal support from within the party, and I kept  up the job, and I think the electorate have recognised the  direction that we've taken is the right direction and are giving us  the support.

 With Peter Robinson back as First Minister, Martin  McGuinness is set to return as Deputy First Minister at Stormont.

  Sinn Fein looked like being the other big winners in although the  final seats are still being counted.

 Well, the good news here in Belfast  tonight is that we do expect a final result this evening.

 The bad  news is, it could be after midnight.

 Clive?  Mark Simpson in Belfast there, many thanks.

  Our deputy political editor James Landale is at Downing Street for us.

  Strong words from Vince Cable today - what's happening inside the  coalition? Well, I think certainly these elections and the referendum  have tested relations within the coalition.

 Trust has been lost, and  I think there are many Liberal Democrats who are still very sore.

  Witness what Vince Cable was saying this morning, but the brutal  reality is that these Liberal Democrats remain in coalition.

 Next  week, next Tuesday, the coalition Ministers - the Liberal Democrats  will walk through that door and sit around the Cabinet table with their  Conservative colleagues and continue to govern, and what  they're doing this weekend is trying to work out what they do  then.

 Do they assert their independence more? Do they push  their own agenda a little bit more? Do they shout about their  achievements more? The problem they've got is they're trying to  work out, how can they persuade voters they in their view are  making a difference within Government.

 The problem is, having  spoken to a lot of Lib Dems over the weekend, they don't know what  that difference is and should be, just as there are many people in  the Labour Party scratching their heads saying, how can we make  greater headway against the Conservatives? We'll leave it there,  James Landale at Downing Street, many thanks.

  And there's more detail about the elections online, including a guide  to the results in your area.

 Simply enter your postcode for the results  on our special website, the address - bbc.

co.

uk/vote2011.

  Tributes have been paid to one of the greatest golfers of all time,  Seve Ballesteros, who has died aged 54 after a long battle with cancer.

  For two decades from the mid 1970s he was one of the leading figures  in international golf.

 He won the Open three times, the US Masters  twice and led Europe to a famous  Ryder Cup victory in 1997.

 David  Bond looks back on his career.

 He was dashing.

.

.

 By Josef! He's  really leathered that with an iron.

 Charismatic, and always played with  a smile on his face.

 Show us your choppers again, it's nice to see  you smile.

 Seve Ballesteros rarely followed the textbook, but his  smile lit up a sport which back then could seem a bit grey.

 I know  you're nervous, and I am too.

 LAUGHTER  His unconventional style probably had something to do with the fact  that as a boy, he taught himself to play on a beach next to his house.

  He's let a breath of useful fresh air into this Championship  self-taught or not, he soon became one of golf's brightest talents,  taking the Open by storm as a teenager at Royal Berkdale in the  mid '70s.

 He soon became the game's star attraction - not necessarily  for his technique, but for his  trouble could produce moments of  magic other players could only dream of.

 Well, he brought a joy of  life to the game.

 He was handsome.

 He was young.

 He was 18, 19, 20, 21,  and golf was considered by many to be a fuddy-duddy old pedestrian  thing.

 He was like a rapier against the broad sword.

  His first Open title was won to huge acclaim in 1979 - two more  were to follow, plus two US Masters titles.

 And when injury cut his  playing career short, he confirmed his importance to European golf by  inspiring Ryder Cup glory against  the United States in 1997.

 He was  the main reason other players, Nick Faldo, Ian Woosnam, Jose Maria  Olazabal and others, they felt inspired to win as well.

 They  thought, if Seve can do it, we can.

 He led the way.

 All the way he has  been the European tour's Talisman.

 Sadly, his biggest battle was yet  to come.

 In 2008, he was diagnosed with a brain tumour after  collapsing at Madrid Airport.

 He had four operations and spent  months in Intensive Care, but in fighting cancer, he always  displayed the same defiance he showed on the golf course.

 It was  that spirit which so endeared him to the British public, and it's why  his untimely passing will be felt far beyond the world of golf.

  think he enjoyed that one? Seve Ballesteros, who has died  today.

 We're just getting news that video  material found in Osama Bin Laden's compound by US special forces is  expected to be released by the Pentagon in Washington this  afternoon.

 Our security correspondent Frank Gardner is here.

  Why do you think the White House has decided to release any of this  material? We understand that about five clips seized by US special  forces that did that raid nearly a week ago are being shown to  correspondents in Washington.

 I would imagine that this is part of  the kind of PR effort by the US administration to dispel any  further doubts that Osama Bin Laden was indeed in that house, because  conspiracy theorists all over the Middle East and especially in  Pakistan - some of them are still doubting whether this is all just a  big concoction, the fact there is no body and the photographs not  being released - it's making some people say it was a political stut.

  He was never there.

 It was all done to embarrass Pakistan, is being  done to boost his poll ratings, et cetera.

 This is being done to show  Osama Bin Laden strolling around his compound, and it does appear  that he was there for about five years before the raid.

 At least  that's the testimony of his wife, who was shot and wounded in the leg  and has been talking to her  Queens Park Rangers have been  crowned winners of the championship.

 They were found guilty of two of  the seven charges that they faced over the signing of the plaur  Alejandro Faurlin.

 -- player.

  Well, QPR were fearing a 15-point deduction.

 In the end they got a  fine that leaves the way open for a ï¿½40 million promotion.

  COMMENTATOR: They are heading back to the big time.

  It was the moment that QPR feared would never happen.

 The status at  the championship winners shoided in doubt, but now the wait was finally  over.

 There have been a few tears in the  dressing room.

 It has been an emotional time.

 We have had a hell  of a few weeks.

 A week ago QPR appeared to have  secured promotion at Watford, but then had to await the results of an  A FA -- FA case.

 With the signing of Alejandro  Faurlin, it then emerged that these they escaped with a fine.

  I'm delighted not just for the fans but for everybody.

 Brilliant.

  Fantasticment They were the best team.

 Having taken an early lead,  ironically, QPR lost the day's match against Leeds, but in defeat,  nothing could spoil the club's promotion party.

  The FA are to face questions over their handling of an investigation  that began eight months ago but ended with the last day of the  season being overwhelmed with controversy.

  There are six games being played in the Barclays Premier League today.

  Wigan are hovering above the regaigs zone.

 Holding Aston Villa  to a draw.

 Every tomorrow coming in from  behind and West Ham salvaging a point against Blackburn.

  Tottenham host Blackpool in the late game.

 In Scotland Rangers got  off to the best start in front of

 Welcome to Wales Today.

 I'm Jamie  Owen.

 Tonight's headlines.

 80,000 hours waiting outside hospitals.

  What is going on with the ambulance bottleneck? We hear from one  patient who was left for four-and- a-half hours.

 Wondering if I was  going to so pilot -- To survive it, I suppose, in a way.

 What on earth  is going to happen? Also tonight.

 The cost of filling  your car.

 Could motorists in rural areas get discounts on the price of  petrol? And why thousands of aircraft  workers at Broughton are flying high.

  Good evening.

 In tonight's sport, a woeful weekend for Welsh rugby, and  the injuries are mounting.

 Henson's hopes of making a sensational  comeback against England are over, he's out for three weeks.

 While  Adam Jones awaits news of his scan.

 And a good performance could mean  they make the GB team in London.

 Our paralympians are out to make  their mark at the World Good evening.

 Ambulances spent  80,000 hours more than they should have done in the last two years  waiting outside hospitals.

 That is according to figures obtained by  the Welsh Liberal Democrats.

 The Royal Gwent Hospital saw the most  delays, where ambulances waited outside for a total of 16,000 hours.

  But the Assembly Government says that most patients were dealt with  within the appropriate time.

 Visiting his mother today, Andrew  Thomas is still angry over what happened in October.

 Then, a doctor  thinking she might be having a heart attack summoned an ambulance.

  But while Andrew rushed to the hospital to be with her, Mr Thomas  remained stuck outside the hospital on board the ambulance for 4.

5  hours.

 Wondering if I was going to survive  it, I suppose, in a way.

 You think, what on earth is going to happen?  When you do not know anything of what will happen, your mind starts  to go all sorts of directions on different things.

 Have -- handing  over a patient to hospital should take no more than 20 minutes under  targets set out by the Welsh Assembly government, but according  to figures obtained by the Welsh Liberal Democrats, ambulances  missed those targets by a total of more than 80,000 hours.

 But  according to figures, ambulances more than 80,000 hours, a failure  that has cost an estimated £6.

1 million.

 At Standard, we knew there  was a problem with ambulances, but we did not know the extent of that  problem -- astounded.

 Now we have the figures, they are unbelievable.

  Over 80,000 hours across Wales is just unbelievable across Wales.

  figures look at the period between January 2009 and October 2010.

  Ambulance waiting times were worst at the Royal Gwent Hospital in  Newport.

 The target was missed by 15,909 hours.

 Next was Morriston  Hospital in Swansea, where the figure was 11,926.

 Third was the  University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff, with 9,986 hours.

 This is  not a new problem, we have heard of instances in the past where  patients are left for some time in ambulances during and waiting to be  transferred to hospitals.

 We need to find out really where exactly  the problem lies.

 Whether it is with the hospitals who are not able  to receive patients or with the ambulance crew who are waiting to  transfer the patient to save care to the accident and emergency  department.

 In a statement, the Assembly government says emergency  departments are under constant pressure and ambulances answering  25,000 emergency calls every month.

 It says a significant amount of  work has been done to reduce the level of delays and they are  working with health boards and the Welsh Ambulance Service Trust to  secure further progress.

 The Welsh Ambulance Service blames the high  level of demand, and is encouraging people to dial 999 only in urgent  cases.

 Let's be shed some light on this.

  Marcus Longley is Professor of Health Policy at the University of  Glamorgan.

 Professor Malcolm Woollard is the chair of the  College of Paramedics, the professional body for ambulance  personnel.

 What is going on, what is the back story? Asked century,  hospitals are running too hot.

 A rule of thumb is 85 % occupancy is  the maximum you should achieve, beyond that, new trim the margins  of safety.

 Many hospitals are running in excess of 90 %, so there  is not spare capacity to get a patient through the system.

  block? Backed is an unfortunate turn, but a lot of people do not  want to be there but cannot be discharged because there is nowhere  suitable to go.

 When an ambulance calls up, what happens? Does a stop  watch start ticking, who is ticking for boxes and watching the clock?  But time is recorded by staff as they arrive and when they finish,  that time is recorded -- the times.

 20 minutes bids -- 20 minutes is  thought to be a reasonable time.

 But this is not a new problem, it  is a symptom of the health service generally under strain.

 And does it  really matter how long you wait? Give patients, do you think  patients are getting a raw deal here? You have already heard the  suffering from the patient who you interviewed.

 And I think it is  important to remember that ambulances are not designed for  people to stay on board for long periods -- for long periods.

 Drugs  ran out and there are no basic facilities like toilets.

 When you  think about people's dignity.

.

.

 And if ambulances are tied up waiting  outside A and E department, they cannot respond to the next 999 call.

  The Liberal Democrats have suggested the cost of £6.

1 million,  but actually, the cost to the public is much higher.

 If a patient  dies in a road traffic accident, the cost to the nation is £1.

5  million.

 That may be just because an ambulance is tied up at an  hospital -- at a hospital.

 And the suffering to patients, and their  family, is much greater.

 Is this a uniquely Welsh problem or are there  people like you in Scotland, England and Northern Ireland are  also worried about the same thing? Her it is not uniquely Welsh, it is  happening throughout the war for deaf throughout the UK, and in  other developed countries such as Australia, the USA and Canada.

 --  it is happening throughout other -- throughout the UK.

 Thank you to you  both.

 If you have filled up your car this  year, you have probably noticed that average prices at the pump  have now reached one and 28 -- £1.

28 for unleaded petrol and more  than £1.

32 for diesel.

 Now, the Westminster government says fuel  discounts could be introduced for people living in remote areas,  including parts of West Wales.

 And, as Simon Pusey reports, forecourts  in rural areas are charging 5p more per litre than in the cities.

  The West Wales countryside, beautiful certainly, but  increasingly expensive to get around.

 Mark Evans runs this petrol  station near Aberystwyth.

 He has seen a 40 % drop in few sales -- in  fuel sales since November, meaning he may have to close.

 This as a  last garage in our village and we were forced to be shut down at.

  Just because of fuel, the rest of the business is no problem.

 But we  are running at a loss.

 But now, the Westminster government is  considering introducing a discount to help people in rural areas.

  are the first government to put in place a discount scheme for remote  areas where prices are at the highest.

 There is certainly a large  variation across Wales.

 These were the prices in Cardiff today.

 Most  were around £1.

25 for a litre of petrol.

 But just outside  Aberystwyth, the price is almost £1.

30, 5p more, something local  people say is not fair.

 I notice it and it is not fair because you  think, how am I going to be able to afford this? I do 1,000 miles a  week travelling across Wales and a good part of England, so it affects  me hugely.

 It comes straight out of my pocket and my business is  affected every time they put it up.

 This haulage company says its  industry is struggling to cope.

 have seen from 2090 the EU -- to  2010, our payment of fuel duty rise to the Treasury by £1.

1 million.

 We  have had to pass these costs on to customers and this is a cost that  we as an industry cannot sustain it.

 But any discount will not come into  practice soon, meaning rural forecourts may be struggling for  customers for some time yet.

 Brian Madderson represents  thousands of independent filling stations.

 Earlier, I asked him how  he thought the government could impose a fuel discount in rural  The government is giving a duty rebate because that is going to  take 18 months to get approved by the EU and it is too late and too  little.

 How is this going to be fair to filling stations and  motorists in cities? We think that the rural filling stations have  their own circle of customers within a particular area.

 And it is  those people who are going to actually benefit, and I cannot see  that rural dwellers will actually drive into the country to fill up  at a price which is probably still going to be higher than in the city.

  Do you think Wales has a unique problem with regard to rural  filling stations against the rest of the UK? Yes, I have been looking  at the statistics for closures.

 The rate of rural forecourt closures in  Wales is 50 % of all the closures, and that is more than double the  rate across the UK.

 So rural oxides are closing much faster and causing  a lot of damage to local economies -- the rural stations.

 We can see  by the end of this decade, Wales have been no war rural locations at  all, which is almost unthinkable.

 And will we be stuck with the  seemingly ever-increasing fuel prices? We have written to the  Chancellor last week recommending that the action he takes is to stop  the next duty escalator on the 1st April, which will add something  like 5p a litre to the price.

 This was inherited from a previous  government, so they can quite comfortably say they have  reassessed the situation and with the global price of oil moving up,  there is going to be a cost of product increase and we need to  stop this now.

 So sorry about the sound problem at  the beginning.

 A man who died when his canoe capsized in the River  Ogwen in Gwynedd has been named as Ian William Walsh, from Preston.

  The 54 year-old was on the river near Bethesda on Saturday.

 Another  man who was canoeing with him managed to climb up the river bank  to safety.

 The House of Lords is being asked  to reduce the impact on Wales of plans to cut the number of MPs.

 The  UK Government wants to reduce the number of constituencies in Wales  by a quarter, from 40 to 30.

 But a group of peers led by the former  Labour Minister Lord Touhig are trying to amend the plans to ensure  Wales still has at least 35 MPs, and to delay any changes until  after the National Assembly has full law-making powers.

  After the gloomy economic headlines of recent months, an indication  today that some sectors are recovering.

 Airbus, which makes its  wings at Broughton in Flintshire, is boasting record sales and is  having to boost production by as much as deferred.

 -- a third.

 The  company has also confirmed that the first A350 aircraft, made from  technology pioneered here, will be Pool will win the battle for  dominance of the skies? It is a race to be the first carbon  composite airliner into service.

 The Americans were in the lead but  their project is delayed.

 Now the Europeans are fighting back.

 2010  has been, not a bad year for us.

 Today in France came confirmation  that he first deliveries will be ready for delivery in 2013.

 This  year, we will start the Assembly of the main components, probably  around.

.

.

 So that we are ready for the first assembly at the end of  2011.

 And then we have planned for the assembly of the aircraft in the  Tests and about 12 months for the flight tests.

 And that Broughton,  they are getting set to go.

 A training centre has been built to  prepare apprentices.

 It is very different to the materials that  aircraft are normally built with.

 In the aviation industry, the  lighter and aircraft is, the further it can fly for less fuel.

  And Broughton leads the way with the new technology.

 Workers hope a  corner has been turned after a tough few years in the industry.

  The company was hit hard in the last couple of years.

 We have spent  a lot of time on that.

 We have had a lot of ideas that have been used  to achieve that.

 And we have avoided compulsory redundancies.

 At  the end of this process, this is all good news.

 The aircraft  industry is usually the first to go into recession.

 Now perhaps it is  leading the way out.

 Still to come, all of tonight's sport.

 A wanted  man.

 Cardiff City reject an approach from an unnamed club for  striker Jay Bothroyd.

 And it won't be a dream comeback to Welsh rugby  yet for Gavin Henson.

 He's out for three weeks with an injury.

  Four people, including the victim's daughter, have gone on trial  accused of murdering a man in Colwyn Bay.

 The body of 61-year-old  Antoni Robinson was found at his home in the Old Colwyn area of the  town in July last year.

 Elin Gwilym reports.

  Arriving in court charged with the murder of her father, 19-year-old  Ashleigh Robinson.

 Also on trial at Mold Crown Court, her boy friend,  Gordon Harding and two others.

 Another young man, Sacha Roberts  and a 16-year-old girl who cannot be named for legal reasons.

 They  all deny murder.

 In his opening statement, the QC  for the prosecution outlined the case against the defendant.

 He said  20-year-old Gordon Harding stacked -- stabbed Antoni Robinson but that  all of the defendants were in the house at the time of the killing  and all were responsible.

 He said the killing was a tragic result of  a family feud which reached a boiling point that evening.

 In the  early hours of 7th July last year, Antoni Robinson was asleep at his  home in Old Colwyn.

 The jury heard how someone entered his room and  attacked him.

 He was stabbed 15 times with at least two knives.

 The  prosecution said the reason for the fatal attack revolved around tragic  disputes over money, jewellery and property.

 The jury also heard how  Antoni Robinson's relationship with his estranged partner had become  acrimonious with arguments about money and the content of a safe in  Antoni Robinson's bedroom.

 A series of text messages between the  defendants were read out.

 One read, I am going to kill him.

  The prosecution claimed those texts show that the defendant had plotted  to harm Antoni Robinson.

 A planned strike by workers at Arriva Trains  Wales has been called off following a new offer aimed at resolving the  row over pay and conditions.

 Members of the Rail Maritime and  Transport union were due to walk out for 24 hours on Wednesday, but  the action has been suspended to allow further talks.

  Tonight's sports news now.

 Here's Claire.

  Good evening.

 Let's start with the news that Gavin Henson's hopes of  making the Six Nations opener against England are over.

 Saracens  have confirmed he will be sidelined for three weeks with a torn calf  muscle.

 There is a worrying wait over tight head prop Adam Jones.

 He  will have the results of his scan tomorrow.

 The injuries have come  after a wall full weekend for the Welsh regions.

 Only the Scarlets  have a chance of progressing in the Heineken Cup.

  They have had big ambitions, a big budget and big-name players but  this morning, the Ospreys can only reflect on another big  disappointment in the Heineken Cup.

 London Irish had lost their  previous 10 matches.

 Not the sort of team that should have troubled  the region with such lofty Abbott - - ambitions.

 But they were the ones  that took their chances.

 The Ospreys had been hoped -- had  hoped to be playing next weekend in a winner-takes-all clash but now  they only have pride to play for.

 They have an excellent coaching  staff.

 If they are going to change, then the much staff have something  better and that will be difficult.

 Maybe it is time for a change after  next season but as things stand, they should keep going and look to  do things 8 -- differently.

 Adam Jones left the field with an elbow  injury.

 He will have a scan tomorrow to see if he will be fit  to face England.

 But Gavin Henson will definitely miss the game.

 He  tore his calf muscle playing for Saracens.

 It will take three weeks  to heal.

 Warren Gatland's squad will be named on Sunday.

 The  momentum seems to be with England on the club scene.

 The Scarlets  also came off second best against a club from across the border.

 They  started well against Leicester but the Tigers showed the Scarlets how  much further they have to go to establish themselves as one of the  Continent's topsides.

 When you look at the performances, the Scarlets  supporters and players will feel disappointed but they will not feel  devastated or let down.

 With the Ospreys, that is a difference in  the performance.

 They are going in the right direction and it is  fantastic to see them bringing through so many Welsh players.

  Scarlets have a slim chance of getting through as one of the best  runners-up.

 Meanwhile, the Cardiff Blues and the Dragons are already  out of the running in this year's competition.

 Football and Cardiff  City boss, Dave Jones has confirmed the club have rejected an inquiry  for Jay Bothroyd.

 Jones says the England international, whose  contract expires in the summer, is still negotiating with them but has  said he wants to stay at the Bluebirds.

 Cardiff have been  leapfrogged by Swansea in the Championship.

 The Swans are back up  in the automatic promotion places after winning 3-0 against Crystal  Palace.

 Darren Pratley opened the scoring  and Scott Sinclair followed it up with two penalties.

 Cardiff City  could only draw with Norwich but it was a dream debut for new signing  John Parkin.

 He scored with this superb effort.

 Here's the table.

  Cardiff are now looking ahead to their FA Cup replay with Stoke at  home tomorrow night.

 It is a fantastic opportunity.

 We did well  last week and we worked hard to in the draw.

 We are looking forward to  another big game.

 They will come with a strong team and we will be  looking to put out our strongest team.

 It will be dependent on a few  bumps and bruises from the weekend.

 In ice hockey, a penalty shoot-out  saw the Cardiff Devils' winning streak finally come to an end this  weekend.

 They won on Saturday to extend their winning tally to 22  games on the trot, beating Coventry 5-4.

 But they came unstuck  yesterday to Dundee, losing in a penalty shoot out, but a bonus  point means they're still top of the Elite League.

 They face  Nottingham on Wednesday - hoping to get to the semi-finals of the  Challenge Cup.

 Former Wales Captain Ryan Giggs reached a milestone this  weekend.

 He made his 600th league appearance for Manchester United  yesterday, against Tottenham at White Hart Lane.

 It's now more than  20 years since he signed a professional deal at Old Trafford  and has already played more games for the club than any other player,  although he still lies seven behind Sir Bobby Charlton in league  appearances.

 Our Paralympic athletes are gearing  up for the World Championships in New Zealand, which get underway  this Friday.

 They'll be joining more than 1,000 athletes from 70  countries competing in Christchurch, in what is the last major  international gathering before London 2012.

 They've all been  getting in some last minute practice.

  Every event from now until the Paralympic Games will be an  important step for these athletes if they want to make the Great  Britain team.

 Among those at this training camp is Jenny McLoughlin.

  She recently won a silver medal at the Commonwealth Games.

 She  believes the world championships are a significant step towards  London 2012.

 Obviously, everyone wants to be at London 2012.

 This  would give me great confidence leading up to London 2012.

 Nathan  Stephens from Bridgend knows all about the Paralympicus.

 He has  competed at the Winter Games.

 you can handle the flight and do  well, it will make all the difference.

 You can start preparing  quicker and just enjoy yourself a bit more.

 There will be more than  1,000 athletes from over 70 countries competing at the World  Championships with a touch get -- You might see a few of these clouds  over the next few days.

 We have seen the worst of the rain for the  time being.

 Some rain in the south at the moment but high pressure  will move onto the scene over the next few days.

 But it has been very  wet recently over Snowdonia.

 That is more than the January average.

  Some rivers are still swollen.

 There are two flood alerts in force.

  Try in Denbighshire tonight.

 But we have some rain in the south and  south-east.

 If you mist and fog patches forming together with some  ground frost.

 The reason for the rain in the  South Today is this low pressure.

 That will move away and then high  pressure will pay us a visit.

 If you have a barometer, you will  notice the pressurising tomorrow and that means tidy weather.

  Tomorrow I think you can leave the umbrella at home.

 Chile first thing.

  Temperatures to Celsius in Carmarthen.

 -- two Celsius.

 Bright  skies and sunshine.

 As we go through the day tomorrow, the fog  patches were left, leaving a dry afternoon.

 Most of the afternoon  enjoying bright skies and sunshine.

 Ideal weather for brightening --  tidying up in the garden.

 Temperatures in Blaenau then rising  to six Celsius.

 The rest of the week looks dry.

 Some sunshine.

  Temperatures on the cold side but at least the wind will be like.

  After all the wind and rain, a quiet spell of weather on the way  Don't forget, whether man walking Don't forget Weatherman Walking is  on again tonight.

 Another two

 Check this out.

 I learnt this from  This is BBC Newsline.

 The headlines.

.

.

 An apology for the  death of a woman and her unborn baby but does it go far enough? The  man at the centre of accusations of a multi-million pound investment  scheme.

 The deal that could cost taxpayers more than £8 million.

  am in Dublin with the latest on another bizarre day in the life of  Brian Cowan.

 He is just as cold for the next 24 hours with more frost  The health trust in charge of the Ulster Hospital has apologised to  the family of a woman that died in its care.

 An inquest into the death  of the woman severely criticised failings at the hospital.

 Despite  examinations by clinicians, there was a failure to detect major  pregnancy complications.

 The criticisms were observations rather  than recommendations that the trust has to implement.

 Here is our  correspondent.

 Yesterday the health trust was severely criticised by  the chief coroner for failing to look after a mother and her unborn  baby.

 24 hours later, they apologised.

 We would like to  express how sorry we are from the trust and particularly the start  and maternity unit that she died and her baby died.

 She died of a  massive internal haemorrhage caused by a pregnancy that had developed  outside the uterus.

 When she was 10 weeks pregnant, she was rushed to  hospital.

 She complained of abdominal pain and bleeding.

 The  junior doctor did not detect the problems and in fact her condition  went undetected for several months, despite regular complaints.

 At the  inquest, the trust was severely criticised for the lack of  communication between senior staff.

 It is difficult to express how it  would have been diagnosed.

 Because of the rarity of it.

 Given the  symptoms that she presented, the common symptoms of pregnancy.

  final time because I will be honest, I am not satisfied with the answer.

  Are you accepting Fiji coroner's findings? All six mentioned here?  Do you accept that the trust did fail? The six points that you are  talking about our residual issues.

 They would not recommendations.

 If  he felt strongly about them, they would have been recommendations.

  They are issues he had concerns about.

 I did not think he thought  they were strong enough to recommend.

 While lessons have been  learned, that will reassure the public but for the family, the fact  that it perhaps should not have happened will be uppermost in their  They have been four deaths as a result of swine flu this week  meaning 21 people have died in Northern Ireland of the disease  this season.

 Another victim was a child while he was being cared for  at a hospital in Newry.

 The authorities believe that the  influenza season has passed its peak.

 Dozens of people are  concerned they might have lost millions of pounds.

 They invested  money with a Donegal based French businessman, Francois de Dietrich.

  He has had assets in Northern Ireland prison by the Financial  Services Authority.

 It has ordered him to stop taking deposits into  his Investment Scheme.

 Here is our correspondent.

 Who is Francois de  Dietrich? He is somebody that many people watching will be familiar  with.

 He is French and has lived in County Donegal for a number of  years.

 He is well known in the north-west.

 In the business  community, he is known right across Northern Ireland.

 A couple of years  back he was very high profile.

 He was awarded a Business Innovation  Award by the Taoiseach, Brian Cowen.

 His business included restaurants,  tourism, property and financial investment.

 The problem is with  these financial investments.

 It has sparked an investigation by the  Financial Services Authority are.

 Tell us more about the investments.

  Even in days like this, Francois de Dietrich has been able to get  significant amounts of money invested.

 He is good at getting to  know people and he has got an active business organisation.

 He  has sponsored a number of clubs through a company called ETIC  Solutions.

 He has spoken to many business people and it is  understood some people in the travelling community with a lot of  money has also been investing.

 They are looking and asking, where is  that money? And there has been court action.

 Yes, that is correct.

  An injunction has banned him from taking any more investments.

 Also,  initially £6.

8 million of assets and five accounts has been  christened.

 Ultimately, we are talking about more than £20 million.

  That is the development in the High Court.

 He has been in contempt of  that injunction.

 He was ordered last week to be sent to prison.

  That is where he is now? Actually, not the case.

 It is shrouded in  this -- mystery.

 One man said that last he knew of Francois de  Dietrich was that he was in Germany and not in the High Court today.

  Solicitors in Belfast had not returned any telephone calls from  the BBC.

 They have not said anything.

 But the police have  commented and they have said they are insisting that the Financial  Services Authority are resisting inquiries into a Ponzi scheme  operating in Northern Ireland.

 -- looking into inquiries.

 They are  appealing for witnesses to come forward.

 It has been a day a  political drama in Dublin.

 It started with the resignation of six  cabinet ministers.

 By lunchtime, Brian Cowen had called a general  election.

 It will be on March 11th.

 Shane Harrison joins us.

 Talk us  through what happens.

 -- happened.

 People found out this morning that  one-third of Cabinet had resigned.

 Brian Cowen is seeking a wide  ranging Cabinet reshuffle, despite the fact that an election is coming.

  Presumably that is to reward some of the supporters.

 But the Green  Party have said no jobs for the boys and girls.

 They are pointing  existing Cabinet members to the bait and portfolios.

 The vacant  ministerial positions.

 -- the ministerial portfolios.

 The Green  Party has threatened to quit.

 They have effectively backed down and  set an election date and look to the future.

 All the time, adding  exasperated opposition looked on.

 - - exasperated us position.

 --  exasperated opposition.

 We want to get through the difficult times in  the teacher.

 We must get on with the important work in hand.

 We must  focus every day until election day on completing the work that we have  undertaken.

 We must complete the process of economic recovery.

  situation this morning was totally disrespectful of the house in an  unprecedented situation.

 I welcome the fact that the Taoiseach saw fit  to come in and clarify some matters here.

 It looks like between himself  and his ministers that it is another fine mess we have got into.

  A what happens next? The priority is to get the finance bill past.

  That is the legislation that puts pressure on the December Budget.

  That is a very important commit and entered into as part of the 85  billion euros bail-out with the Europeans and the International  Monetary Fund.

 That should be finalised next month.

 Then it will  be dissolved, the parliament and it will be full steam ahead to the  This is BBC Newsline.

 Coming up, first ash cloud and 10 snow.

 Are  you confident about getting better? -- then it snow.

 Sport news coming  The Stormont Assembly faces a loss of millions of pounds because of a  deal gone bad.

 10 years before the commission, looking after property  portfolios, bought Ormiston House, a 19th century mansion in Belfast.

  It had to use it as office space and so are the costs have gone  above £10 million.

 But the Assembly have abandoned the plans and has  put it back on the market.

 It is expecting to get about 25% of the  money back.

 A listed building in the baronial style of Scotland.

 It  was once the home a prominent figures.

 It was later owned by a  college and a police authority.

 It was agreed Stormont did not have  enough offices and the Assembly Commission, which runs the  operation, decided that this House would do the job.

 This estate costs  the Assembly Commission £9 million to purchase in 2001.

 But there were  other castings.

 Security, maintenance and professional  charges put it beyond £10 million.

 Now it is for sale.

 If it goes to  £2.

5 billion as some people estimate, that is a loss of more  than £8 million.

 -- £2.

5 million.

 The Finance Minister has approached  the commission.

 People knew about this property and other properties  and how difficult it is to convert these things and how costly it can  be.

 How difficult planning can be.

 We must make certain that the  Assembly can get full knowledge of these potential problems in the  future.

 But they were not doing that.

 It has been very expensive.

  The project has gone wrong because it could not get planning  permission.

 Several applications have floundered in the party years.

  The property is empty.

 A new application for limited development  is at the planning stage.

 Nobody would pretend this year is likely  to be a good year for new property and particularly, Victorian  The Northern Ireland science park in Belfast is becoming a flagship  location for growing businesses.

 It is planning to expand as a better  company announces it is taking on more members of staff.

 Here is our  Shipbuilding in Belfast is a thing of the past.

 Here is the science  park, part of the future.

 Office blocks are being built where can  trees once stood.

 Almost 100 different sized companies were  located here turning sides into business.

 They employ 1,500 people  We believe that we have got a good blend of their product to offer  regarding good accommodation, flexible workspace that we always  endeavour to have space.

 A company can come, start small, test at  novel and Ireland, test out their business model.

 -- Test at Northern  Ireland.

 That is exactly what the company  has done.

 It supplies software to the world's financial markets.

 It  set up three years ago with 25 staff.

 Now it is taking on another  This expansion is all about the people.

 This is an area where we  feel we can get the skills, the right kind of people and the right  work ethic, and this is important to us.

  The company has been offered £1 million in grants.

  We are now getting a real cluster of companies here in Belfast, and  that sense a positive message to other companies who are looking to  expand, even in these difficult times.

  Recruitment starts tomorrow, and once new staff have been taken on,  the company will move into an identical office block built beside  This is the time when we start to think about summer holidays - if  you're lucky enough to able to afford one this year! But last year  wasn't a good year for confidence in air travel.

 First we had the  volcanic ash, and then the chaos of passengers stranded because of the  weather before Christmas.

 For this week's family focus, one couple  from Carnmoney have been telling me why after their six-day travel  nightmare in December they'll never Ken is a bit of an old romantic and  had planned a weekend in London for his wife.

 It all went brilliantly  until they returned.

 After their flight was cancelled, the couple  spent another six nights in London, including a sleepless one in  Heathrow.

 The panic soon started to set in, that they might not get  home for Christmas.

 With no information or help from the  airlines or the airport, it was an experience they never want to  repeat.

 It was the treatment you got from  the airlines.

 There was nobody to talk to, nobody to approach.

 Once  the cancellation was up, you were just told, go online.

 It may have  been free of charge, but what happens if you do not have access  to a computer, which we did not have?  May found it all frightening, and feels that customer-service has  disappeared for air passengers.

 I have seen things like this on the  TV and thought these things happen, but when it happens to you, it is a  different matter.

 This pharmacy student was also  stranded at Heathrow try to get home to Omagh for Christmas.

 With  no money or food, the Kellys took her under their wing, even paying  for accommodation.

 I cannot understand what they did  for me.

 They'd get my family such peace of mind to know that I was  being looked after.

 -- it gave my family such peace of mind.

  Apart from the cast, it was the second time that year that holidays  did not go to plan.

 Their summer trip abroad was cancelled because  of the ash cloud.

 They say they're bad experiences, lack of customer  service and compete hassle me they will never fly again.

 Though.

 At  this point in time, I have to say no, I will not fly again.

 It will  have to be somewhere I can get in the car, or somewhere local.

 There  is no way we would attempt to fly again.

 Too much stress.

  Maybe you feel the same.

 Ken Kelly is not flying again, but  if you are planning to do so, just how do you protect yourself if  things go wrong? Scott Kennerley is with me from the Consumer Council.

  It wasn't a good year for passenger confidence in air travel.

 Is travel  insurance a must, Scott? What I run -- recommended that  anybody who is travelling becomes aware of their rise before they fly.

  We have produced a simple document giving you information about your  rights should your flight be cancelled or delayed.

 It is  available on a website.

 Or you can call the organisation, and we will  post a copy to you.

 And what are your rights? If your  flight is cancelled, you are entitled to free meals and  refreshments, e-mails and telephone calls.

 If you disruption takes to  overnight me you are entitled to hotel accommodation which the  airline should provide.

 What can also said is that when he  went on the website, he found it a minefield.

 -- what Kenneth also  said.

 I can understand that.

 It can be  difficult to navigate a process that you are not familiar with.

 The  Consumer Council has a role in assisting consumers that have had  difficulty in getting to know what their rights are and to get a  refund if costs are incurred.

 What the Consumer Council can do is if  you complain to the airline and you are satisfied with the response, we  can take the complaint up on your behalf.

  Thank you very much.

 That pressure Thank you very much.

 That pressure  can be downloaded from the website.

 -- that brochure.

 You can also look  Now an update on a story we brought you last month affecting people  with cystic fibrosis.

 It's a life- threatening disease that that  affects the lungs and digestive system and can require intensive  treatment and regular stays in hospital.

 Our last report concerned  a threat to specialist hospital beds for adolescents with CF.

  Tonight we can report what seems to be a reprieve.

 David Maxwell has  the story.

 Within the next few weeks,  refurbishment is due to start here for Sick children.

 It will be in a  specialist unit.

 It was a deadline feared by children with cystic  fibrosis.

 Their parents were led to believe that when it was reopened,  there would no longer be rooms for adolescents with the governors.

  Instead it would be converted into accommodation for parents.

 A letter  from the Social Care Trust acknowledge that there was a rush  to an end-of-year deadline.

 Last month we revealed the angle of  parents who said they were not consulted about the plans.

  If they need to tighten their belts, there are the ways of doing it.

  They need to give the security to the parents and the kids with  cystic fibrosis for stud the message now seems to have been  accepted.

 After negotiations, the trust says  it has changed his plans.

 This will mean setting aside two rooms for  teenagers with the condition.

 Could not say how crucial it was to  the whole cystic fibrosis family and the cystic fibrosis team.

 Along  with the two dedicated rooms, we also got Strood and friends as well.

  The whole facility has been upgrade.

 -- also got two treatment rooms as  well.

 We have to thank them for listening  to the concerns of the parents and modifying their plans accordingly.

  The doctor who led the fan raising -- fund raising campaign says the  change of heart will lead to better care.

 It has proven over the years  to be so invaluable.

 At a certain age, those teenagers transferred to  the adult years, but they tell us how much they appreciate the unit.

  So the rooms remain and should be fully refurbished by the spring.

  As we wrap up against the cold here at home, our golfers are soaking up  the heat in the Middle East.

 And it's clearly doing them good.

  Stephen Watson has more.

 Graeme McDowell's hot streak  continues.

 He produced the best finish of the day at the Abu Dhabi  Championship today for a six-under- par total.

 And there was a welcome  return to form for Padraig Harrington.

 A round of seven-under-  par 65 leaves him just one shot off the lead.

  You give the impression that Graham McDowell could play golf with his  eyes closed these days.

 Sand or no sand, everything seems to be  falling his way.

 The average Cuddy Championship is one of the few  events where the golfer has struggled in recent years.

 -- the  struggled in recent years.

 -- the Abu Dhabi championship.

 The next  hole produced a shorter but no less confident pot.

 At 16 he was 30 feet  away from the pin, but this was no fluke.

 At 17, there seems to be  some kind of magnet pulling the ball into the cup.

 And at the last,  in front of the grandstand, well, we know how much he enjoys  we know how much he enjoys finishing in style.

 I wonder if he  really could do it with his eyes The much-anticipated showdown  between Amir Khan and Northern Ireland's Paul McCloskey is still  far from certain.

 Shah Khan, father of the WBA world light-welterweight  champion, has told BBC Newsline that the chances of the fight  happening are receding.

 He has also strongly denied any suggestions  that the sticking point is the money on offer to McCloskey.

  I read in the papers saying that we had offered him peanuts.

 We offered  him nearly three times as much as his last fight.

 If that is peanuts,  I do not know what the hell he has been paid before.

 And yet they are  demanding six times as much.

 The thing is, our offer is there.

 It is  for them to decide.

 The frost has severely hampered  Gaelic football's McKenna Cup competition, with the Antrim-Down  game one of only two matches to survive last night.

 The teams drew  12 points each at Casment Park.

 Antrim's Paddy Cunningham scored  nine of the home side's points.

 Down had a chance to win the match  right at the end, but Aidan Carr's goal attempt was too high.

  Northern Ireland may not have any events or training camps for the  London 2012 Olympics, but Ballykeel Primary School in Ballymena is  playing its part in the run up to the Games.

 It's one of only 45  schools in the UK to have been selected by the BBC and the British  Sports Council to be involved in a special twinning project.

 Denise  This class is fascinated by India, and with good reason.

 Class work  and home work focuses on Indian Arabic hopeful here.

 This  association help them learn more about her country and culture.

 It  also helps heighten interest in London 2012.

  The reason we have been twinned with the school is that here we  have had a couple of people to have been very involved in boxing  themselves.

 We had mentioned boxing in our application.

 I think this is  why we have been chosen.

 And the boxer is proving to be a  great role model for the pupils, too.

  She has got to macro children and had a hard life when she was young.

  She seems very nice, too, because she says on her website to follow  your dreams.

 When she steps into the ring, the  biggest cheer will come from here in India, her homeland.

 But 4,500  miles away, Ballykeel Primary School have a message for her, too.

  Go, Mary! Congratulations to disabled skier  Kelly Gallagher from Bangor.

 She won silver in the slalom at the  Alpine Skiing World Championships in Italy.

  And with news of a near record We are going through a cold snap,  and December was our coldest on record.

 But figures in today from  the Met Office reveal that 2010 was in fact the second warmest year on  record.

 Of course, that is globally! The average temperature  was 14.

5 Celsius.

 1998 was just slightly warmer.

 But you would  hardly know it at the moment.

 We started out at minus 10 this  morning.

 We are just going through the same process again tonight.

  Under the clear skies, a hard frost will be setting in.

 Temperatures  around the coast will be minus two, minus three.

 It is a hard frost,  and some nasty and thence patches of freezing fog, which have  lingered through the day will be thickening up and reforming.

 --  gnocchi and dense patches.

 Quite slippery, so do take care.

  Clearly it is another cold day to come.

 For many of us it will end up  dry and bright as well.

 It is going to be quite slow to shift, the fog.

  It may even linger through the day.

 A few patches could linger in  Armagh.

 But for most of us it will brighten up.

 Even then,  temperatures not much higher than two, three or four at best.

 We  expect to see more cloud tomorrow night and into the weekend.

 The  temperatures are not quite as low.



 over by volunteers.

 Have a good  Tonight on Look North: another victim of the cuts - the  organisation which brought films like the Damned United and the  Kings Speech to Yorkshire is to go.

 Also on Look North: locked up  indefinitely - following the killing of his nine year old  brother, a paranoid schizophrenic is sent to Rampton after health  workers said he posed no immediate risk.

  And hotels and holiday home owners hope for a bumper spring after a  It has been a pleasant and to the afternoon.

 Clear skies.

 We are in  Good evening.

 First, a big blow for the film and  television industry in Yorkshire.

 Despite helping to bring films like  Damned United, Red Riding and the current huge hit, the Kings Speech,  here Screen Yorkshire has won at a cash.

 -- run out of cash.

  It is the nail in the coffin for Screen Yorkshire.

 It is to replace  regional film at ages is with three across the country.

 The agency for  the North will be in Manchester.

 I have received.

.

.

 Big Screen, a  big hit.

 Colin Firth won a Golden Globe for this performance in the  Kings Speech.

 From his menace -- his Majesty.

.

.

  Filmed at Elland Road a football ground in Leeds.

 It is funded by  the UK Film Council and Yorkshire Forward.

 Now the money has run out  and staff have been warned of redundancy.

 This is where it is  based in Leeds.

 The agency doesn't just help with the glamour, it also  researches locations, sources crews and facilities, runs training  courses and helps film-makers with the business side of industry.

 This  production company was started eight years ago.

 Last year they  made 400 hours of television, providing work for 250 people.

  make a lot of work for the History Channel.

 We didn't know them,  didn't know them at all.

 A few years later, we have made for  series for them.

 Mark runs a film company in Sheffield, the company  behind this is England.

 Devastated.

 They have secured it for us here in  Sheffield.

 They have spent two or £3 million on these projects in  Sheffield and to lose their support, it is tough.

 From Hollywood, to  Bollywood, documentaries to Animal rescue, the agency has shown off  Yorkshire to the world and is likely to be replaced by a bigger  group in Manchester.

 Also tonight, a paranoid  schizophrenic who killed his nine- year-old brother has been detained  indefinitely at a top-security hospital.

  Bradford Crown Court heard hours before the attack, community health  workers said Daniel Taylor posed no immediate risk.

  Jack Taylor was killed by the elder brother who said he left him.

 On a  snowy night last February in Bradford, Jack was stabbed to death  by brother, Daniel, whose psychiatric problems were known to  the health services.

 Sister Rachel, I caught day with her father, tried  to protect her little brother Beau was stabbed herself.

 Amanita 18th  February last year, Daniel Taylor, troubled by a psychotic illness,  came to his home to his sister's house in Rooks Avenue.

 He sees a  knife and stabbed his brother Jack to death in a sustained and brutal  attack.

 Only hours earlier, health professionals had seen Daniel and  had said there were no immediate concerns for him.

 Bradford  Safeguarding Children's Board wouldn't comment on what they knew  on Daniel Taylor until a serious case review.

  In a previous statement, the family In a previous statement, the family  The family are a close-knit family.

 They loved Daniel, they love Jack  as well.

 It has caused them distress.

 On the estate, and  neighbour remembers Jack as a brilliant footballer.

 He was a  genius.

 He was great.

 You couldn't ask for a friendlier lad.

 A shock  when he died.

 We were devastated.

 Great little lad and I never saw  him do any harm either.

 Jack Taylor was nine when he died, killed by  his mentally ill brother who had Later on Look North tonight, the  sport round-up.

 And we will be catching the Cable  thieves on the hunt for those who caused rail chaos.

  First, administrators say the books of a Leeds-based housing firm that  collapsed last year were shocking.

 2000 people were left without a job  when Connaught went into administration.

  A year earlier, it had announced profits.

 Now sub-contract to say  they too could be put out of business.

  Connaught went bust last summer owing £220 million with the loss of  nearly 2000 jobs.

 To the small traders who did the work for the  social housing form, it was a shock.

 They are owed £47 million and are  unlikely to see a penny of it.

 Some City experts had seen the writing  on the world -- warmers earlier.

 2010, it was a stock market  disaster.

 One of the biggest I can remember.

 If the administrators saw  first-hand the chaos that firm's accounts were in when they had to  find a buyer.

 If we found 50,000 invoices which hadn't been  processed.

 Some of the pay roll records, it took us three-week us  to reconcile a list and to find out who they employed.

 It is unusual  for a listed company.

 Andy Binsley lost his job as a manager at the  base in Leeds.

 He has found another job.

 It was ran really badly.

 To  put at the top got their money and were happy.

 The guys on the ground  doing all the work, they didn't get paid.

 For let's talk to Darren  Sheridan and his wife, Shelley.

 Darren is a roofing contractor and  is owed £96,000 for work he has done with Connaught.

 You are not  going to get this money back are you Darren? No chance.

 That is what  we have been told.

 What is the knock-on effect for you and your  company? It is a nightmare.

 We are finding it difficult to pay wages,  we can't pay our suppliers.

 We have had to cash in our pensions,  mortgage again.

 If there has been another effect on the whole family  Shirley? Absolutely.

 When it happens to you, you go through a  phase where you are first in shock.

 Your whole life is turned upside  down.

 Fortunately for worse, a our children aren't dependent on us as  they are grown up.

 -- fortunately for us.

 The firm has been going on  for 40 years and it has affected your family's health hasn't it?  it has affected their health.

 We have been going for 40 years.

  you feel you are the innocent victims of this? Presumably you  have done everything right and want to be paid for the services you  have supplied.

 All the work was done on time, they were invoiced  correctly and basically, we haven't seen a penny of the money.

 We knew  there was problems at the beginning of last summer.

 We had little bits  of the many are filtering through to keep us going.

 You are not a  limited company.

 You could lose.

.

.

 We are in a position where we  cannot go under.

 We can't fault, we have to trays through wet.

 It will  be difficult and will take her several years to get over the  repercussions of what has happened.

 The added problem is the recession.

  Does that mean business isn't quite as forthcoming as he used to be?  For we have been fairly fortunate.

 The big issue, when Connaught went  down, we lost our work as well.

 Obviously we have employees to feed.

  At the time it looked bad.

 Fortunately, we have kept busy and  have a good name and have been going for 40 years.

 It's at the  moment, youth are managing to stay afloat.

  You can see more of what went on on Inside Out tonight here on BBC One  in just over half an hour's time.

 You might be surprised to find the  weather is not the biggest issue in train delays.

 Cable theft is the  one which causes more destruction than any other single problem.

  Today a special operation by transport police targeted the  thieves.

 Our region is the worst in the country for the offences which  the community or -- which leaves the commuters stranded.

  The real problem is the world price of copper is at a high.

 It has a  high a scrap value also which makes it a target for thieves.

 In 2009,  there were 273 cable theft dog and 47 people were arrested.

 Look at  last year's figures.

 529 thefts and 94 people arrested.

 The figures  have doubled.

 Now the police are fighting back.

  Time to open the books and the storage bins at this scrap dealers  in Castleford.

 This firm operates with transport police and are happy  for this surge to take place.

 Even though they think there is nothing  to hide, it is not long before trained officers find a suspicious  length of cable.

 Here we suspect it may be railway cable.

 We are  waiting for someone from their work rail to deny -- to tell us theirs.

  Offices are carrying out a detailed trawl through the paperwork.

 This  is a world away from red signal lights, stranded trains and angry  passengers.

 It is in places like this that the Transport Police are  starting to make a difference.

 Stolen at signal cables are  valuable if they can be cashed in at a scrapyard.

 Castleford has been  the worst place in Yorkshire for cable theft.

 For Network Rail, it  is a constant battle to keep the trains moving.

 If we are often  mitigating while they are stealing from elsewhere.

 It is hard to catch  the culprits and stop the theft.

 You are putting cable back while  they are taking it away? We have had occasions of that.

 As soon as  we are putting the cable in, they are elsewhere stealing it again.

  For last night, another man was arrested on suspicion of cable  theft.

 Cable theft is second only to terrorism as far as the British  Transport police are concerned.

 It is a significant problem to the  Network Rail and train operating companies.

 The early find it turns  out to be rape -- a railway signal cable.

 They will be an  Each one of these deaths means delayed and cancels trains for  thousands of commuters.

 More news from around Yorkshire now.

  And a 25-year-old man has been cleared of the manslaughter of a  football fan following England's first match in last year's World  Cup.

 Robert Wilson died after he was knocked out by a single punch  outside the Skyrack pub in Leeds.

 A jury at Leeds Crown Court acquitted  Christopher Perry after he said he acted in self-defence.

  It has been revealed that three woman convicted of killings are  being employed at the York Central Travelodge hotel.

 Two of the women  work as room cleaners and the third as a receptionist as part of an  arrangement with the Askham Grange women's prison near the city.

 The  Ministry of Justice says a rigorous risk assessment is carried out  before prisoners are released to work.

  Work has started on the removal of more than 2,000 trees from  Doncaster Common.

 It follows more than a year of protests over the  plans.

 The council say the removal is necessary to improve views for  race-goers.

 But local groups opposed have said it is costly and  destructive.

 It makes me absolutely mad.

 I'm  very sad that it has been allowed to happen.

 Because this area is  absolutely lovely.

 In all seasons.

 Winter, some are, the lot.

 --  summer.

 The snow and ice may have gone but  the impact of the prolonged cold snap at the end of last year is  still being felt by hoteliers and retailers in Scarborough.

 Yes, the  potentially lucrative Christmas and New Year holiday season took a  battering with the extreme weather last year.

 But hopefully the warmer  weather will draw in the crowds.

 The sun may be shining in  Scarborough today, but the people working in the tourism industry in  this town have had a shaky start to the year.

 That is mainly due to the  terrible weather we had at the end of last year.

 January is a quiet  month.

 This man has run this hotel for the past 17 years.

 The run-up  to Christmas is normally lucrative for them.

 But their heavy snowfall  resulted in nearly all of us bookings being cancelled.

 People  had bookings, but they were advised to cancel because of road problems.

  The supply dried up.

 It is not like a shop, where we can think we will  sell more last month.

 Once those times have gone and we lose those  weeks of bookings, they have gone.

 Retailers have also seen a hit in  profits.

 The town had 120,000 fewer visitors in the run-up to Christmas,  compared with last year.

 There are three bank holiday weekends later  this year.

 Traders are remaining upbeat.

 Scarborough is a wonderful  place.

 There are so many different shops.

 Global, Department and  independent stores.

 We love people staying here.

 The refreshment of  the historic theatre could help make up for a disappointing  December.

 It is due to reopen in May.

 This offers a first class  facility.

 Keeping Scarborough at the forefront of everything.

  Receiving this additional money from raw -- from Yorkshire Forward  will help the economy in Scarborough.

 Tourism is the back  lot of Scarborough.

 One bad winter will not affect that.

  Before 7pm: Bringing the cinema experience to the countryside.

 A  lottery-funded project enables Now the sport.

 First up, basketball  and Sheffield Sharks were in action last night at Birmingham's National  Indoor Arena.

 They were taking on Merseyside Tigers in the final of  the BBL Cup and it turned out to be a good night for the South  Yorkshire team.

 This boy worse celebrating late into the night.

  But there didn't seem to be a sore head in sight.

 Last night, the  Sharks became the first ever club Sharks became the first ever club  to retain Basketball's BBL Cup.

 They started the match as underdogs  against the Mersyside Tigers, but that didn't seem to count.

 They  scored a massive 93 points to the scored a massive 93 points to the  Tigers' 66.

 It is a great feeling.

 It gives  guys more confidence.

 And man of the match, or in basket ball talk  the MVP, was Steve Dagostino.

 He scored a record 35 points on his  own.

 I would have been mad if I did not make the shops that my team-  mates were setting me up for.

 The Sharks certainly had some bite.

  Onto the weekend's football and Chesterfield continue to pave the  way in League Two, while Leeds way in League Two, while Leeds  United put their cup reply against Arsenal to one side as they  demolished Scunthorpe.

 It was not just the ease with which  Leeds United beat Scunthorpe, but the quality of the four goals that  was impressive.

 Sanchez Watt started it, Max Gradel showed his  composure for the second.

 Bradley Johnson went for a long range  effort.

 And just to show their strength in depth, substitute  Davide Somma got in on the act as well.

 This game is far more  important than the Arsenal game.

 Now we can look forward.

 Sheffield  United showed resolve in defence to keep out Coventry, but it's fair to  say they got a bit of luck as, well.

.

.

 I'm not sure how much Steve  Simonsen knew about this, but it helped earn the Blades a point.

  Barnsley ended their game at Hull two goals down and two men down.

  Stephen Foster the first to go.

 Matty Fryatt scored from the  resulting penalty.

 Jason Shackell went for a second yellow in the  90th minute which will leave them a little short of centre-halves.

 Sean  O'Driscoll will be looking for a response from his team when they  face Wolves tomorrow in the cup.

 They were comfortably beaten 3-0 at  home by Reading.

 Huddersfield Town weren't at their best at Walsall,  but still won 4-2.

 Lee Clark praised his side's character and  said they showed flashes of potential, and it has to be said  athleticism, from Peter Clarke.

 Town's defending may at times be a  bit suspect, but their ability to score goals is unquestioned.

 They  are back up to second.

 Sheffield Wednesday were 2-0 down to Charlton  inside six minutes, and had missed a penalty by halftime.

 I'm guessing  they got a bit of a talking to in the interval because they came back  to level it.

 But the draw means they've slipped down to ninth.

 In  League Two, Chesterfield continue to lead the way and are now five  points clear at the top after a one nil win over Stevenage.

 Bradford  took the lead against Oxford, but were quite frankly poor and lost 2-  1.

 And Ronnie Moore was spitting feathers after his side lost two  one at home to Southend, whose first goal came after just 40  seconds.

 I think that's what you seconds.

 I think that's what you  call a bad start.

 Late Kick Off returns to our  screens tonight, the show that aims to take you up close and personal  to our football league clubs.

 Its presenter is once again Guy Mowbray.

  We have plenty in store of are the next few weeks.

 We start tonight  with a feature about the honour of Sheffield Wednesday.

 We will look  at Brazilian soccer schools.

 Our English players good enough or not?  If your club is not featured tonight, you'll see them later in  the series.

 You producer has said that the pundits will have a pop at  you.

 We have John Hendrie and the captain of Sheffield United's.

 I  will have a pop at them.

 Chris is OK.

 Years of becoming an knee  injury at the moment.

 -- he is overcoming it knee injury.

 If  you're off sick, I think these two could replace you.

 What is the aim  of the shore? It is to complement the BBC's coverage of the Football  League.

 We have coverage of all three divisions.

 There are 12 clubs  in our region.

 It is more than you will get from the national  programmes.

 Village halls and community centres  are being transformed into cinemas in some of the most isolated parts  of North Yorkshire.

 I went to the picture six months ago.

 I do not  remember what it was, but it was good.

 Big screens are being taken  out to areas where people would have to travel long distances to  see films.

 Our reporter has been to Arncliffe near Skipton to see what  the locals make of it.

 Villages do not come more rural than this.

  In the heart of the Yorkshire Dales, Amcliffe has a population of 62.

  Back in the 1970s, Emmerdale Farm was filmed here.

 Today, the local  school is under threat of closure.

 Recently, the number of pupils fell  from seven to four.

 Not surprisingly, people living here  can feel cut off.

 Eight trip to the cinema is rare.

 In five years, I  think have been twice.

 Don't you miss it? Very much soul.

 It is such  a trek to go down.

 It is nearly 20 miles each way.

 It is a real trek.

  Not a five-minute job.

 Tonight, cinema is on their doorsteps.

 It is  part of a lottery funded pilot project, taking films to rural  areas across our region.

 This brings people together.

 You can  watch films with your friends and neighbours.

 There is something  special about it.

 It is all about telling stories.

 Tonight, they will  watch Slumdog Millionaire.

 For some, it has been in long -- long time  coming.

 I have not been to the cinema since 1997.

 It is a great  idea.

 It is taking advantage of new technology.

 I think it is fun.

 Love  the idea.

 This produces real communities Berwick.

 More and more  of these rural parts of North Yorkshire should be getting the  cinema in their communities.

 No doubt villages will flock to the  doubt villages will flock to the screenings.

 I think it was Star  Trek's.

 Are maybe it was Chronicles Of  Narnia.

 Am going to see Tinker Bell on Saturday morning.

 £1! That is a  day out for my wife.

 Here's a picture of Fountains Abbey.

  Let's have a look for the next round for hours.

 High pressure will  dominate this week.

 Although we will have some frost at night, it  is a fairly benign feature.

 Nowhere near as cold as it has been over  the last few weeks.

 More importantly, many of us will have a  dry week.

 They have not been able to say that for some time.

 Very  quiet spell of weather to come, lasting into the weekend.

 An area  of ground -- cloud is coming into the south of us.

 The coldest  temperature Forest will be across North and West Yorkshire, where  zero degrees is possible.

 Some icy patches.

 Higher in other parts.

 The  sun rises just after 8pm.

 Mistiness first time.

 Some fog patches.

 Law  clouds over the hills will break-up, leaving a fine and bright day with  some sunshine.

 Variable cloud.

 Nice day to come.

 Winds will be light or  moderate from the north-west.

 Top temperatures just below average.

 We  might sneak up to seven in Leeds or Sheffield.

 Further ahead, on  Wednesday a week weather front will produce the odd spot of rain.

  Elsewhere, find the favourable

 Our thirst for oil brings hard  Three weeks on from a young woman's disappearance and murder which has  gripped the nation.

 Detectives question drinkers in the  Bristol pub where Jo Yates last met her work colleagues.

  And coping with an intense inquiry, the man who led the Fred West  inquiry talks about the pressure to find answers.

  Also tonight, the end of the line as Cadbury finally wrap up  chocolate production in Keynsham.

 And what archaeologists have  already found as they start digging up the floor in Bath Abbey.

  Good evening.

 It is three weeks denied that the Bristol woman Jo  Yates was last seen alive.

 She was discovered on Christmas Day on of  Somerset, she had been strangled.

 Her murder has become one of the  most high-profile investigations Avon and Somerset police has ever  seen.

 Tonight, her killer or killers are still at large.

 In a  moment, we will be retracing her final steps.

 First, officers are  talking to people out and about in Bristol town centre.

  We are about halfway up Park Street here, one of Bristol's busiest  roads for pubs and bars.

 We are outside the Bristol ran a pub.

 This  is where she had her final drink with work colleagues, after work on  the Friday some con -- Friday 17th December.

 She then headed towards  her home in Clifton.

 Police have moved their investigation from  Clift and tonight, back here.

 They are not looking for physical clues  but are trying to jog the memories.

 People will have seen Jo out that  night, they want to know when they saw her and what they saw.

  Inched by inch, the search for clues still continuing.

 Round the  corner from the flat that Jo shed, combed for evidence.

 Still no sign  of the pizza or packaging that she bought on her way home from the pub  that night.

 Police have offered a £10,000 reward for information that  leads to a conviction.

 Today the Sun newspaper has offered £50,000.

  Unrelated, they say, to criticisms on the way this case has been  reported in the media.

 It is nothing to do whatsoever with the  coverage AT the beginning of this case.

 It is simply about trying to  help, we have done it with the co- operation of the police, we want to  do anything we can to get someone to give up that tiny bit of  information that the police need to solve this mystery.

 Jo and her  boyfriend of two years, Greg Reardon, met three works -- met  through their work.

 In a statement Since this investigation began,  police have searched hundreds of tons of rubbish.

 Down drains, and  miles of local parks.

 Now they are hoping that someone's memories of  that December night could hold the key of holding -- finding a Jo's  killer.

 Police have already set up a  Facebook site, asking for the public's help.

 That has had many  tens of thousands of responses.

 What the police will need to do is  look through all the information they gather, not just here, but  across the rest of the investigation, looking for that one  crucial clue to help them find Jo's killer.

  Someone, somewhere still has that vital piece of information which  could lead the police to Jo's killer.

 As offices try to jog  memories -- officers tried to jog memories tonight, we have retraced  her last then Jenny, which began at 8pm.

  The Bristol Ram pub in Park Street is the start of Joanna Yeates's  final journey home.

 Park Street is a busy area of the city, near the  Bristol Ram is the council offices.

 It is a mile from Joanna's flat in  Canynge Road in Clifton.

 What do we already know? We know that earlier  that day, on 70th December, Joanna had lunch with her boyfriend Greg  Reardon at the Hope and Anchor pub around half a mile from here.

 Later  that evening, she joined her work colleagues for a treat at the  Bristol Ram before leaving at around 8pm to start her walk home.

  About 10 minutes into her journey from the Bristol Ram pub from Park  Street, CCTV footage has shown she stopped at this Waitrose on the  cliff and Triangle before continuing on her way home.

 We do  not know the exact route that she would have taken that night back to  her flat.

 But coming from the cliff and triangle behind me, taking the  Queen's Road, going past the University of Bristol student union  building, is the most direct way to her next known location.

 We know  that along her walked she made a phone call to her best friend,  arranging to meet on Christmas Eve.

 At around 8:40pm, she arrived at  this Tesco in the centre of Cliftonville much.

 It is about a  quarter of a mile away from her home.

 It is here that CCTV village  shows her buying that now infamous pizza, which has never been found.

  After doing her shopping here, she walked a few metres down the road  to the bargain booze.

 The in-store camera shows her buying seven side  of.

 It is thought to be her last known stop.

 She is seen one last  time here, grainy images captured from outdoor cameras mounted on a  pub.

 The time now is 8:44pm.

 From this point, Joanna most likely  headed along here, towards her friends at -- her flat at Canynge  Road.

 We know she arrived home, her keys, shoes, coat, a receipt for  the Peter and the cider were found inside her flat.

 The mystery still  surrounds what happened on this.

 On the 17th December to when her body  was discovered three miles away on Christmas Day.

 The question is,  what happened to Joanna Yeates after she arrived back home?  That is the question that police are trying to answer.

 They now have  around 80 officers working on the case, so what is it like to be at  the centre of such a high-profile inquiry? One man who knows all too  well his former Detective Superintendent John Bennett, who  led the investigation into the Fred and Rose West murders in Gloucester.

  I met him earlier and asked him what it was like working under  constant scrutiny.

 For the police, they have to keep records and deal  with things in a meticulous way.

 The integrity of searches is  paramount.

 The integrity of the investigation is paramount.

 They  cannot work at the speed that the media would like them to work.

  Today, the media are looking for every different angle, something  extra, from the investigation.

 They are looking for perhaps an  exclusive.

 Something, a different angle to report.

 The media outlets  now are even more than their work in 1994 for me.

 They were extensive  then.

 We now have 24 hour media coverage, both on radio and  television.

 You have numerous other types of inquiries that can be made  by the police.

 Such as YouTube, and the type of site.

 All of which  compound the information at the end of the day.

 It is a painstaking  exercise.

 There is a sense that the media are perhaps drip fed  information.

 We have the information about the pizza, and  then the sock.

 Is that the strategy of the police, or is that just part  of the course of the investigation? I don't think for one moment that  it would be a strategy in itself.

 The searches have to be complete.

  It would be pointless, for example, in putting forward to the media,  can we find a sock, if the sock was ultimately found in one of the  search site.

 When the search is do not reveal an item of clothing such  as that, that is the time when you do not -- but is the time when you  put forward the investigation.

 It would not look very professional if  on the Monday, a search for a sock it was put out, and on the Tuesday,  it was, that we found it.

 It is a difficult relationship that you  must have had with the media.

 On the one hand, you need the media  for some parts of the investigation.

 On the other hand, you're having to  rein them in and keep them back.

 think it is almost an impossible  task for any senior investigating officer, no matter what strategy,  to harness the media.

 They are, in their own right, investigative  journalists.

 And they have got a job to do.

 As well as that, they  are extremely good detectives in their own right.

 Sometimes, editors  and produces allow information or allow up articles to be printed or  used because of brinkmanship, because of exclusive, that really  is quite damaging to the investigation itself.

 And that may  cause a problem for the future at a trial.

 Can I take you back to the  time when you were at the heart of this massively scrutinised case? It  cannot have been that sort of job that you could leave at the end of  the day.

 What was the personal pressure like on you? The pressure  on me was perhaps beyond what I would have ever expected it to be.

  It did not go our way, it was their day and night, every day, for two-  and- a-half to three years, and thereafter.

 Equally it had  considerable pressure on everyone involved in the investigation  itself.

 It would be fair to say, and simpler play this, --  simplified this, offices that were not on the investigation which they  had have been, and offices that were, which they had never heard of  So what now for the ongoing police investigation into Joanna Yeates's  murder? Our home affairs correspondent has covered many  high-profile cases and joins us now.

 What is the next state? Detectives  are now in for the long haul.

 Hundreds of interviews have to be  read and computerised.

 Mobile phone records of suspects will have to be  checked to see who was talking to who, when, where and at what time.

  Also, the force will be looking for help from other forces.

 Officers  from Wiltshire CID have come down the motorway and have joined up  here to help the Bristol people.

 What about CCTV? We have seen a lot  of pictures released by the police foot of indeed.

 It takes enormous  amount of time, we do not just say, buried it.

 For the murder of the  Bristol teenager Kylee Dibble, offices interviewed 4000 people.

  There will be an appearance on the BBC Crimewatch programme.

 And then  if the investigation falters, they will ask family and friends to make  fresh appeals to keep the public interest.

 Can you tell us anything  about the forensic science activity? We all live in the world  of watching television where crimes are solved like that.

 That does not  happen in the real world.

 People expect a DNA to be a wonder trip  for detectives.

 Again, the national DNA database only contains records  of people who have been convicted.

 If this -- if the police discover  stranger DNA, it will be no use to them unless that DNA can be lent to  Talks have been taking place this afternoon with the arbitration  service ACAS, after staff at Great Western Ambulance voted to take  industrial action.

 The trust which runs the service covering Bristol  ,Wiltshire, Gloucestershire and North Somerset say they want to  stagger the shift changeover times.

 But the union claims the change  will leave members too tired to work safely.

 To modify% aborting  for strike action.

 Want 97 per amount of people voting for some  form of industrial action, such as an overtime ban or a work to rule.

  The trust argues the changes could increase the availability of front  line staff at the busiest times.

 Production of chocolate at the  Cadbury factory in Keynsham is drawing to an end.

 And the last  chocolate bars being made there are these - Double Deckers.

 Cadbury was  taken over by the American food giant Kraft last February.

  The company had pledged to keep the Somerdale site open, but days after  the takeover was completed, it controversially reversed its  decision.

 Somerdale, the world's most modern  cocoa and chocolate factory.

 Here in beautiful Somerset - the new  home of Fry's has been established.

 The Somerdale factory started life  with great fanfare.

 Its doors thrown open with this 1930s  publicity film for Fry's, which had already merged with Cadbury.

No  doubt realising what a clean, modern factory that is.

 Plenty of  window space.

 In the distance is the village of Keynsham.

  Keynsham factory will end its life in the next few weeks far more  quietly.

 Kraft won't say exactly when the very last chocolate bar  will be made.

 Amoree Radford's daughter works at the site.

 They  are just hanging on a thread, really.

 They know what is going to  come.

 We just really don't know what day or date it is going to  happen on.

 We'd been there is possibly another two weeks of  Double Deckers.

 And there's disappointment that Kraft have no  plans to officially mark the closure of the site.

 Kraft has been  amazingly mean-minded.

 I would like to see them at celebrate this  factory, the contribution it has made to chocolate, it is a very  important part of our history.

 And I rather think Kraft is Nadine --  leaving a nasty taste in the mouth, a bit like their cheese.

 We asked  Kraft for an interview but they declined.

 They also refused to let  our cameras passed these gates to film inside the factory before it  Today the employees are numbered in thousands.

.

.

  So from the thousands that used to work for Cadburys in Keynsham,  there will soon be no more.

 As the doors close on a factory which has  been at the heart of this town for almost 100 years.

  Bath has long been a Mecca for archaeologists but now away from  the roman baths the spotlight is on the city's abbey.

 Several  improvements are needed to be made and the current floor is cracked  and showing its age.

 So from Monday, a series of digs  will take place to explore the best way to update facilities.

  Taking up rather than putting down.

 These builders are making  preparations for the digs to start.

 But by just moving the pews they've  already made discoveries.

 Before we had even gone underground, we found  some fascinating things, like these old seats from 1902.

 It says what  the Rector was doing in those days.

 Also, some Victorian pennies.

 This  rather worn one dated 1860.

 And a more pristine one dated 1879.

 My  favourite is this bus ticket.

 A lovely tuppence bus ticket.

 It  takes you from the Great Weston Railway Station to the western  terminus.

 The old pipes are leaky and expensive, so the plan is to  lay -- underfloor heating using the nearby spa waters to heat the  system.

 The cloister is in the eastern side of the present  building.

 That is from the 18th century.

 We have burials dating  back to Saxon and medieval times.

 This will be one of the first date  to take place on Monday.

 These areas will be surrounded by  scaffolding.

 Members of the public will be able to come here and watch  the digs taking place.

 But if they are surrounded by a tarpaulin, then  you know they have found something really exciting.

 The project will  help, part lot of improvements to the Hall of the Abbey, as well as,  no doubt, some surprises.

 In Bath, you're never far from a find.

 This  the third round of the FA Cup this weekend.

  It marks the mid-point of the season, so high time we assessed  the project -- progress of our league sides.

  A Bristol City play Sheffield Wednesday in the FA Cup after  returning to form over the new year weekend but it they should win.

  And they will win.

 They are ring great form, eight games unbeaten at  Ashton Gate.

 Free-scoring, they beat Cardiff easily with bright pit  men in good form.

 Dog let me down, Bristol City! As far as the FA Cup  is concerned, it is a big competition at Ashton Gate.

 It is  massive.

 It is for the players and the club.

 The players want a cup  run, they want to get as far as they can in the competition.

 This  gives you a chance to play the best games in the country.

 Financially,  there are great rewards.

 You want to have memories of good cup runs.

  The fans, players and clubs do.

 We have not done it for three or four  years, so we will make sure we are fully Rick -- prepared.

 Their  league form has billion.

 It is automatic promotion form.

 Will have  to sign anyone? Ideally, they would like to bring  some players in.

 Brett Pitman is a natural goalscorer, but but he has  to move some of the high-earning players he is not using.

 But going  in the right direction Boshall.

 None of aura or the sides are  playing in the Kop.

 But Cheltenham are the ray of light.

  They have been won, lose 1, pick themselves up and win another one.

  West, as is the find of this season in this region.

 They know at  Whaddon Road they have to continue playing with a smile on their faces.

  We have put ourselves in a decent position but the leaders so tight.

  We are not kidding ourselves.

 A couple of wins, a couple of defeats,  you go war poured down.

 We have to make sure everyone is focused and  we have to do it with a smile on our face.

 We will not be changing  anything, just keep learning and improving.

 If we look at the bottom  of League One, it is pretty grim for Rovers and York will, and  Swindon are not your -- not looking too fashionable either.

  Swindon score goals, that is the saving grace where they can really  pick up.

 Charlie Austin is in prime form.

 If they keep Charlie Austen,  it is a big if, they will continue to prosper and will move up the  table.

 We are Rovers and Yeovil get  relegated? There is a long way to go, too far  to go, before we can talk about that.

 Rovers have to build on their  recent form.

 They have to appoint a manager soon because at the taking  time to assess his squad.

 That takes us to the back end of the  season, so they have to get their skates on.

  We will take the temperature again in a week's time.

 But There's full  coverage of your team on our bulletins over the weekend, your  BBC local radio station with Geoff and his colleagues across the  region and the formidable service that is BBC Sport online.

  Two glass blowers from Wiltshire have been asked to hand-make a huge  chandelier for one of the most famous chefs in the world.

 Tom  Atherton and his wife Kim have been creating the unusual work at their  Weighing two and a half stone, these huge glass lanterns cost  £1,000 each.

 They are designed for a special restaurant owned by a  very famous chef.

 Their unusual shape could be a clue.

 They are  designed to hang in a group of three from the ceiling.

 Their sheer  size meant that Venetian glass makers shied away from the project,  leaving this glass making company near Trowbridge to take on the  challenge.

 In America there might say they can do it bigger, but it  is really as big as you can go using this technique.

 This method  of hand-blowing has remained unchanged for 1,000 years.

 The team  had to physically lift and blow one just like this only six times  bigger.

 It has a large bubble, blown up, we straighten the site  and open up the peace.

 This is used to secure the Dome in its metal  fitting.

 Solid hold the glass in the year.

 -- so it holds the glass.

  So which chef could commission a light installation like this? Not  family man Jamie Oliver, or voluptuous Nigella.

 The answer?  Experimental chef Heston Blumenthal.

 The attendant -- didn't tell us it  was for him straight away, then they said it was for Heston  Blumenthal's restaurant.

 Or hopefully we will get to see them  in the flesh.

 I think it will be a decent weekend  for the first one of 2011.

 A few complications between now and then  in the shape of rain through the night.

 Not that it will be  particularly welcome on the River axe on the borders of Somerset,  Dorset and Devon.

 This picture says all you need to know about the  flood plain down there.

 With further rain tonight, the  Environment Agency has a flood warning out for that.

 If you have  any concerns, there is the number.

 You can check their website as well.

  A number of flawed wedges -- flood watches out across Somerset.

 By  Sunday it looks bright.

 Be more pressure coming in from the South  West Tonight.

 The wind is picking up.

 It will rotate areas of  arraying -- areas of rain around with it.

 By tomorrow, across the  Bristol Channel it looks like a good afternoon.

 Through the cause  of this evening it remained dry- eyed.

 A few showers around through  Somerset and Dorset but the real action starts toward midnight as  the next part of rain eases its way northwards.

 The wind picks up with  it, particularly in the south and east.

 45mph costs in daughters and  a butcher.

 A mild night everywhere.

 -- Dorset and Wiltshire.

 Before too  long you start to brighten up significantly.

 A swathe of sunshine  through the afternoon.

 More cloud later in the day but I don't think  it will take things off.

.

.

 Temperatures will be down but it is  still fine for any sporting events.

 Turning quite cold overnight into  Sunday.

 This guy's tending to clear, setting us opt for some decent  If you're out and about nothing more than the odd shower.

 Been  started changes we get through to the early part of next week.

 On  Monday morning we find that rain and wind slips back in off the  Atlantic.

 By Tuesday, at drier day generally.

 Somewhat brighter as  well.

 Then another spell of wet weather and in the middle of the  week.

 Here rather tight times for Nice to see the sun! It has been a  long, grey period.



 as snooker, you can join us for the  Hello, good evening.

 Headlines tonight.

  Accusations of sexual misconduct.

 Four monks at a Roman Catholic  abbey in Somerset are under investigation.

  Heavy rain floods roads and puts some of our rivers on alert.

  Roaring over in submission? Plans to change Gloucestershire's famous  cheese roll are criticised for being too commercial.

  Bristol's world famous Natural History Unit switches it attention  from amazing animals to some super humans.

  First, the BBC has learned that four Roman Catholic monks in  Somerset are at the centre of an investigation over alleged sexual  incidents in some cases involving former pupils at a top Catholic  school.

 The four are all Benedictine monks at Downside Abbey  at Streatham on the Fosse.

 The Church says they have all been  withdrawn from active ministry while the investigations continue.

  The Police have been involved, one of the monks has been arrested but  no charges has been brought.

 Downside Abbey, home to a community  of 27 Benedictine monks.

 The Abbey also runs down side School right  next door, up one of the most highly regarded Roman Catholic  boarding schools in the country, fees at £29,000 per year.

 This is a  400 year-old monastic community which has been rocked by sexual  allegations, some said to involve former community -- former pupils.

  Today the headmaster, himself a monks will, was moved to issue a  statement saying the school took safeguarding pupils very seriously.

  A number of historic allegations, going back as far as 25 years, had  been made against members of the monastic unity.

 I want to emphasise  that none of them involves current pupils in the school.

 The four  against whom allegations have been made have voluntarily withdrawn  from active ministry in the church and they have not resident here.

  The monks had been questioned by detectives, and today the police  One of the four monks who has been investigated is a former headmaster  of Downside School, Dom Antony Sutch.

 A confidente of the late  Princess Diana, and one time contributor to Radio 4's thought  for the day.

 He is not facing any criminal proceedings.

 This is not  just a police inquiry.

 A while three of the monks are no longer  facing criminal proceedings, they remain in effect suspended from  duty, what the Church calls, withdrawn from active ministry.

 The  church, together with education officials from Somerset County  Council, are still looking into the allegations of inappropriate sexual  behaviour.

 The exact details of the allegations are not known, but if  the complaints are upheld, the monks could face disciplinary  action from the church.

 Police search teams have been out  in north Somerset again today, Yeates murder inquiry.

 It is almost  four weeks since the 25 year-old disappeared.

 Her body was found  dumped in Failand on Bristol -- Christmas Day.

 Meanwhile, Bristol  University has the mount students offering them safety advice.

  The search for continued -- clues continues, this is near where  Joanna's body was found.

 Police officers were out searching again  today, hoping for a breakthrough.

 Meanwhile, in Bristol, the new  academic term is about to start.

 The university is contacting all of  its students giving safety advice in the wake of Jo's murder.

 The new  term does not get under way properly until next week.

 Lectures  start on Monday, so most students are expected to head back to the  city soon.

 When they do, they will find advice waiting for them on the  student union Saiful -- website, giving them reminders about safety.

  Some of it obvious, like keeping too well lit areas, but also  providing a telephone number for student union security which  students are being asked to programme into their mobile phones  so they can access it in a hurry.

 One piece of positive news, the  website which her boyfriend set up in her memory has raised more than  £3,000, money which will go to the missing people charity which helps  Jo's friends and family in the week when she was missing.

  Rising river levels have left parts of the West at risk of flooding.

  Flood alerts are in place along several sections of river in our  region.

 People at Hanham Lock in south Gloucestershire were forced  to move the their boats to say for moorings this morning, after -- say  that morning -- moorings this morning, after days of rain.

  It was not an easy commute with the flooded roads in Bristol this  morning.

 And at Hanham Lock near Kinsham, boat owners had a short  time to decide whether to try and move to safety or assets the bad  weather out.

 We were cut and the river was coming up, we had not  very long to decide whether to stay on the boat or go to stay with  family.

 It happens every year.

 Sometimes we are stuck for four  days at the time, which is not fun.

 We have got it sussed now, how to  do it, we have got all of the ropes and rescue boats.

 We have got one  round the other side of the field, we cannot even rescue that, we are  not going to risk our lives to do that.

 This is the top pair of lock  gates, normally bought -- boats come through here to miss the way  of.

 Today, even the handrails are completely submerged.

 Trevor  Scoyles has been working on this stretch for more than 10 years, and  has learned to be prepared for anything.

 The situation is not  extreme at the moment, but you never know what it is going to do.

  If we had an inch of rain now, we would be in trouble, the ground is  full, the water has no way to go, and the catchment area is the whole  of Wiltshire.

 It is a knife edge, it could go down but the next 24  hours will tell.

 All of the latest flooding information is on the  Environment Agency's website, and on 0845 988 1188.

 The agency says  the water levels are expected to start falling in the next 24 hours,  but no one here is taking any chances.

  We have just heard that flooding around Bristol Parkway is causing  disruption to the train services this evening.

 There are delays to  services between Swindon and Bristol Parkway, and London  Paddington and Cardiff Central.

 It is Imogen Sellers and Andrew  Plant with you this evening, with or your local news.

 The weather  later on, but before that, fight for your right to party.

 Why it  laying on a street do for the royal wedding might end up costing you a  king's ransom.

 And the flowers are bright for Bath,  few -- 3 to the finals of Britain in Bloom for the first time in 50  years.

 That is coming up soon.

 The family  of a man murdered in south Gloucestershire at the weekend have  paid tribute to him.

 25 year-old Wayne Brown was found in Patchway  in the early hours of Sunday.

 He had serious injuries to his chest  and abdomen and died in hospital.

 His family have described Wayne,  who had a three-year-old son, as the most perfect son, brother and  daddy you could ever wish for.

 A 21 year-old man has been charged with  his murder.

 The world famous cheese rolling  event in Gloucestershire will be back this year, but only as part of  a two-day festival.

 And many people will have to pay to get in.

  Organisers say it is the only way to guarantee the future of the  event of the last year's was cancelled.

 But it has upset some  locals, which says that be -- to say that the traditions of the  event had bowed to commercialism.

 It is a crazy British tradition  which has captured the imagination of people around the world for  centuries, and given eight and pains to many.

 But it is a victim  of its own success, and last year's event was cancelled because  organisers could not cope with the thousands of people expected to  turn up.

 This year, it will be fenced off for a two D8 -- today  family festival of music, crafts, and cheese rolling.

 But you will  have to buy a ticket, with only 4000 it available.

 For a normal  Festival, it will be cheap, but at the moment to it is free.

 We will  have to charge, we will be able to tell them how much in a few it --  in a few months.

 People will be able to watch the cheese rolling on  big screens for free in any Burghfield.

 Organisers say it is  the only way to organise it now.

 have to finance this, we have got  to have a traffic plan, permission from the land owners and everything  else.

 Any one of those could stop the event going -- stop the event  going ahead, if we do not have a suitable plan.

 But the local parish  council feel that the quintessential mention of the event  could be ruined.

 It will be cheap commercialisation, and the cheese  roll brand will be sullied by cheap commercialism.

 I think it is  appalling.

 The new cheese rolling festival will move to mid- June and  health -- be held for profit, but it will lead massive sponsorship.

  Organisers say it will save the cheese rolling, and hopefully will  not leave a bad taste in the mouth.

 It is the biggest Encyclopedia in  the world, but thankfully, it it is never sold door-to-door.

 We could  be the air assault -- has its 10th birthday today.

  It is one of the top 10 sites in the world, with over 40 million  hits per day.

 After a recent personal appeal to keep the keep --  site for the people and by the people, this is a face which has  now become globally recognised.

 The site has recently raised around 16  million US dollars, which means they can celebrate their first  decade, and make plans for the future.

 I am relieved, and I am  motivated by our expansion in the developing world.

 We are opening an  office in India this year, and supporting the 20 plus local  communities they are building the site in their own language.

  students, it is now the first place to come when looking for  information.

 It is easy, because it can be sourced on the go, which  means these hard copies are being left on the shelf.

 He I have never  really been on any other encyclopaedias on the internet.

  get more people's opinion, instead of one or two, then it is more  solid.

 Because the site can be edited by anyone, information can  be inaccurate.

 Sometimes the moderators have to step in.

 This  weekend, Jimmy and his 50 staff will be celebrating their 10th  anniversary.

 I will be sitting in front of a computer, basically, for  as many hours as I can stay awake, doing video calls, saying hello to  everyone around the world.

 It will be a long day, but fun.

 Not my idea  of a party! But each to their own.

 I am sure many of you out there  remember celebrating their silver jubilee, all the last royal wedding  with a street party.

 Now a Bristol group wants the government to cut  through red tape to make it easier for people to have parties in their  streets.

 With excitement building ahead of the Royal Muchalls, the  group want community to celebrate in style with councils dropping  charges.

 It is a peculiarly British  tradition, the street coming together to celebrate and royal  occasion.

 When William and Kate tied a knot this April, some  councils are looking to charge more than £1,000 for a knees-up.

 We  decided to have our own, and enlisted help from a man who has  helped organise thousands.

 If you charge, there are not any.

 If you  do charge, -- do not charge, there will be lots.

 The council has to  decide whether to support these or not, and if you charge money, it  will not happen.

 In Bristol, pressed - straight charges are free  all year, no charges for newspaper adverts, street closure or anything.

  If we were to charge £30, it.

 Them happening.

 Have we got the money  from all the parties, we would get £3,600, on a budget of £400 million.

  It is stupid.

 Cheers all round, but it does not travel far.

 In south  Gloucestershire, it will cost you £118.

 In Bath, £150, but both fees  will be waived for the day of the wedding.

 It should be right that  people on beef normal occasion, like Midsummer Mardi gras, does it  should continue to pay a modest three.

 The issue of what to do with  the red tape has landed on the Prime Minister's desk.

 To find out  what David Cameron said, and how Kate Middleton's local council has  had a change of heart, tune in to There are very few certainties in  sport.

 But when in cricket you need just eight runs off fourteen balls  with seven wickets, remaining you have to think you've all but won.

  Somerset were in just that position in their opening game in the  Caribbean Twenty20 competition last night.

 So, in the words of a famous  sports quiz, what happened next? It's a great opportunity to take  part in an exciting competition away from the British winter, and  Someset started well enough.

 Guyanese wickets fell steadily.

  Somerset captain, Alfonso Thomas, took three of them including a run  out.

 And at the end of their 20 overs, Guyana had only reached 112  for 8.

 That target should not have posed too many problems and indeed  Somerset were on target - almost - all the way.

 Nick Compton hit 32  and even when those around him were out, it still looked a formality.

  Surely with nine balls and six wickets left, they could get the  six more runs they needed.

 But then.

.

.

 They lost six wickets in  those nine balls to miss out by two runs.

 Somerset can still qualify  for the semi finals.

 But they will have to win their three remaining  games, or it's likely they will be on an early flight home.

  To football now, and it was a rare sight as players and the managers  from Bristol City and Bristol Rovers came together today to share  a platform and meet members of the public in the city centre.

 Few of  the players know their opposite numbers, but for the managers, it  was like old times.

 Only a meet-the-public session, but  there was no holding back in the impromptu penalty taking session.

  The rival bosses are old friends.

 The rivalry between the two sets of  fans has turned ugly in the past.

 But those who turned out in the  rain today were pleased to see the two sides lined up together.

 I have  a lot of friends the rural one or the other.

 It For the players, a  rare chance to meet.

 No animosity here, but there's not much  socialising between the blue and red sides of the city.

 As players  we all get on quite well.

 I think the rivalry is between the fans.

  would be nice to mix more because they're all footballers.

 It is good  just to interact and socialise.

 Since playing in different  divisions, the rivalry has been less apparent.

 But if they are  pitched against each other once again in Cup or League, PR events  such as this might have a little bit more edge.

  A student from Wiltshire is going to have his name up in lights at  the Olympics in 2012.

 But it's not, as you might think, in the sporting  arena.

 Jesse Nash from Chippenham has made a film which is going to  be screened at the Games.

 Andy Macrow went to meet him.

  Inspiration - it's what comes to us first.

  It sparks a flame inside you.

 Spark a flame it did.

 Jesse Nash is  passionate about his filmaking, even appearing in a cameo role  himself.

 I had just been making films in my  own time whenever the opportunity arises.

 It can be stressful at  times but I always want to make another one.

 Even with a hunger for  film, it is still not easy.

 When you actually get down to doing it  and have to consider things like sound.

 It takes a long time just  cutting bits in and out.

 Jesse's hard work paid off, scooping up the  best fiction short, and Olympic fame, as his film will shown at  next years Olympic and Paralympic Games.

 When they said it had won,  the Spotlight was on us.

 We went down to collect it and were greeted  by celebrities.

 However, Jesse is not planning to relax anytime soon.

  I got back at 2 o'clock in the morning and had to be on set again  at a Diplock in the morning.

 -- at 8 o'clock in the morning.

  An incredible series begins tonight, showing how people around the world  have survived in the most extreme environments.

 From fishermen who  hold their breath as they hunt underwater, to hunter-gatherers who  steal meat from lions.

 It's called Human Planet, and it's been made by  the BBC's Natural History Unit here in Bristol.

 And here in the studio  we have the Series Producer, Dale Templar, and cameraman, Toby Strong.

  This is a departure from what we normally see from the Natural  History Unit.

 That is correct.

 It has taken us 50 years to make a  programme about the animal that we get up every morning and look at in  the mirror up! It is a departure, for sure.

 But human beings are just  as extraordinary and remarkable as any animal we have filmed in the  past.

 We can show you a bit of the programme now.

 This is the Dorobo  people in Kenya, as they bravely try to take some lions' lunch away  from them.

 They make their moves.

 Self confidence is everything.

 This  is the ultimate face off.

 Suddenly There is just minutes before they  realise it is a bluff.

 Extraordinary pictures.

 What is it  like as a cameraman filming a scene like that? It was unique.

 I have  been lucky enough over the years to film Lions in Africa.

 But for this  we wanted to really to be intimate with the people so I found myself  on foot with those three guys, walking towards the lines.

 That  goes against everything, your body is screaming at you, this is wrong!  I had nothing but the camera to protect me.

 It was petrifying.

  has taken three years to make.

 That is longer than a Hollywood film!  Tell us about the scale of the project.

 It is a huge project.

 We  filmed in 70 different locations around the world, involving  hundreds of people like Toby.

 We bring in specialists to do the job,  people either it used to working in mountains or shooting under water.

  So it is a massive undertaking.

 programme tonight is about the  oceans and we see people hunting at the bottom of the oceans.

 Tonight  you get a real treat.

 Each episode have lots of fantastic moments, but  tonight you see this amazing character from a tribal group who  live just north of Borneo.

 Their whole lives are spent at sea.

 They  get land is sick, if you can believe that.

 They also do this  incredible thing, you will see it in the episode tonight, this guide  three dives, he gets into the water, takes a deep breath, and basically  dives, or walks on the bottom of the ocean like someone hunting on  land.

 We have to stop you there, I am afraid.

 The Human Planet is  tonight on BBC One at 8 o'clock.

 Now, most people's gardens look a  bit sorry for themselves at this time of year.

 But Spring is just  round the corner and in Bath, the park keepers are beginning to feel  the pressure.

 The Royal Horticultural Society has  announced the city is through to the final of the Britain in Bloom  competition.

 It won the south west heats and now they are hoping for  more floral victory, as our own Busy Lizzie Way reports.

  It takes more than just green fingers to be involved in Bath in  Bloom.

 From preening tresses to preening trellisses, this year's  chairman cannot wait to start planting ahead of the final.

 He  believes everyone in the city will benefit from a win.

 It means  everything for Bath.

 No one loses in this competition.

 Bath will win  as a tourist city, people will come if we should win.

 It is a great  advertisement.

 But it involves all the communities, so everyone wins.

  Bath first won the Britain in Bloom competition back in the Sixties.

 It  was the very first time the competition had been run, and the  city's brassicas and begonias ensured victory.

 In previous years,  it's not just been the parks that have joined in, but local  businesses and residents too.

 A on a cold day these winter cabbages  are the only colour in the park.

 It is hard to imagine this area being  a bright of colour, but come the spring, the organisers of Bath in  bloom are determined it will be.

 Bold, bright colours that will  attract people.

 Something that catches the eye and makes people  aware of the floral enhancement.

 Planting will begin in the next few  months and judging takes place in July.

 So on such a dreary day, take  heart, because this.

.

.

 Will soon be this.

  Is the weather going to be any good Is the weather going to be any good  for our gardens? We held on to the weather watch  that we have had for so long, it still extending into Somerset.

  Heavy rain came in right across the region today.

 As we go through the  next few days, it is worth looking at the rainfall totals for the last  48 hours.

 Into tomorrow, the rain will ease by the afternoon, but not  until we have had a drizzly night.

 The overnight temperatures, around  11 degrees.

 Tomorrow, we have heavy rain expected.

 That starts off in  the morning, up with some mist and

 from all of us, a very good  Welcome to South Today.

 In tonight's programme: Unacceptable,  say campaigners, on the lack of long-term care for some stroke  patients.

 The am it costs you a fortune.

  have to pay for it.

 We have to pay for everything.

 Care.

  Too harsh or too lenient? Students comment on the sentence handed down  to one of their own.

 For his age, it was out of order.

 If he had ever  hit somebody, it would have been stupid.

 The Tests are carried on a  yellow substance washed up along our beaches as a clean-up begins.

  And six of the best for Saints as their teenage talent is tipped to  be the next Premier League It can happen in an instant and the  effects can last a lifetime.

 Yet thousands of stroke patients are  not getting the care they need when they leave hospital.

 Many have to  cope without physiotherapy, speech therapy, or basic support in their  homes.

 Campaigners say the failings, revealed in a report by the Care  Quality Commission, are unacceptable.

 It found that  services in Southampton, Hampshire and Berkshire were among the worst  in the country.

 Whereas Dorset, Bournemouth and Portsmouth were  among the best.

 The Isle of Wight and West Sussex were marked fair.

  Alan Goodwin has been in a wheelchair since his stroke.

 He had  some physiotherapy, then it stopped and never restarted.

 RYA and the  type of person that does not complain -- can -- complain and  does not push very hard.

 That was more than a year ago.

 Now his wife  has become a full-time carer.

 a 24 hour a day job.

 Washing,  ironing, cleaning.

 40 miles away, in Dorset, it's a different story.

  Since his stroke, Robert Tizzard has seen a physiotherapist every  week, sometimes twice a week.

 they are trying to get my legs  working so that I can walk without a stick.

 It is going quite well at  the moment.

 The more I do, the better it gets.

 It is a lot better,  I think, therapy because we can come in and see what he is  struggling with at home and we can do it with him in his own house.

  This is as opposed to role-playing it in a hospital.

 About 80,000  people a year suffer a stroke and for many the return home from  hospital, is just the beginning.

 Many of the problems occur after  they go home.

 For example, some people develop pain, some people  develop depression, some people have severe disability that  requires ongoing rehabilitation.

 But today's report says too many  patients are living without basic healthcare which could improve  their lives.

 We have seen really brilliant improvements in hospital  care for strokes across the country in recent years and it is time that  the care and support people need when they get discharged from  hospital gets up to the same standards.

 The Stroke Association  says it is what Alan and many other patients like in deserve.

  David joins me now.

 So why are some services here doing very well,  Dorset and Portsmouth, and others among the worst in the country?  Some areas are much better organised at getting specialist  stroke care into people's Mike Holmes.

 I spoke to her health trust  in Southampton in Hampshire and Berkshire.

 They recognise the  findings of this report and they have all said they are trying to do  better.

 And we're talking about a large number of patients here.

 Many  thousands? Yes, in Dorset about 1,500 people a year have a stroke,  but about 10,000 living with the effects of that, perhaps for many  years.

 And what we are talking about here is really giving them  back a degree of independence and fulfilment in their lives.

  charity for seafarers which helps retired mariners and their widows  has criticised the bank it uses for considering huge bonuses for senior  executives.

 The charity is angry because it's being asked to pay  thousands of pounds in bank charges because it insists on using cheques.

  Roger Finn joins us from Gosport with the story.

  We're just beside Gosport Ferry Terminal and you may recognise this  big red mine.

 There are several of them around the coast and they're  giant collecting boxes for the Shipwrecked Mariners Society, a  charity with a turnover of nearly £2 million which is based in  Chichester.

 The Society was founded in 1839 and apart from helping  seafarers who have been shipwrecked, it also helps fishermen and  merchant seamen who've retired, and their widows.

 It gives grants to  nearly 3,000 people a year and the way it works is that beneficiaries  come into their local office twice a year to get a cheque.

 That way  the charity can make face to face contact and find out if the person  has any other needs.

 But the charity's bankers, RBS, wants them  to use automated payments.

 It's threatening to impose charges of  £6,000 a year for using cheques.

 It's shocked and angry.

 They say it  is this any way of repaying loyalty.

 And its chief executive was quick  to contrast the situation of those who depend on the charity with bank  officials enjoying large bonuses.

 am astonished that anybody can  contemplate having a bonus of over £2 million when there are people on  the basic state pension with no savings and we provide them with  £624 a year.

 There is a mismatch there, as far as I'm concerned.

  What has the RBS bank had to say? In a statement, an RBS spokesperson  said.

.

.

 We advised Shipwrecked Mariners Society in July 2010 that  their annual turnover was now significantly above the £100,000  threshold for our free banking for But the sticking point as I  A yellow foam substance which is having to be cleared from beaches  on the Hampshire-Sussex border has now also been spotted on  Bournemouth seafront.

 It's thought to be castor oil, but tests are  still being carried out to confirm what it is and where it's come from.

  It's led to beach closures around It came in on a high tide.

 Big  blobs of yellow foam.

 It is thought to be cast of oil hardened by salt  water.

 It will make a dog's six so seven miles of beaches are closed  for the clean-up continues.

 We have had a team of 13 people at this  morning working from both ends towards each other picking up as  much as they can.

 We believe at present that it may have been  discharged from the sea-going vessel but we do not know for sure.

  One team this morning has collected about 12 bags of this stuff.

 It is  really not very light tall.

 They think they could be as much as  three times across the beach.

 It all has to be disposed of.

 How do  get rid of this stuff? Will be storing the material in our depot  and then we will arrange for safe disposal.

 It people are staying  away.

 Good news for the clean-up team, but not for a beachside car  boot sale.

 We packed up early because there was no be here.

  of those there would have come have stayed away because of it.

 A an  investigation is under way to see if this was illegally dumped.

 Also  to see if white foam washed up in We will keep you up-to-date on the  conclusion of those tests.

 The Maritime and Coastguard Agency has  given more details about the scale of the job cuts it's making as part  of the Government's cost cutting measures.

 The Southampton-based  agency says 226 uniformed coastguard jobs will be lost out of  the current total of 576.

 The number of coastguard stations is  being reduced from 19 to 5.

 Amongst those closing is the station at  Portland.

 The agency needs to reduce its spending by 22% by March  Ventnor Town Council will explain to people living on the Isle of  Wight why it can no longer keep the town's Winter Gardens open.

 At a  meeting at the venue at 7pm, the public will be able to have its say  on the future of the Winter Gardens, which is due to close on January 31.

  The town council has said it is unable to continue to run the venue  without the subsidy, which has now been withdrawn by the Isle of Wight  Council.

 A public meeting's being held next week to explain why  Ventnor Winter Gardens is to close.

.

 The former Bishop of Portsmouth the  Right Reverend Kenneth Stevenson has died in hospital after a short  illness.

 Dr Stevenson was Bishop of Portsmouth between 1995 and 2009.

  The diocese says his successful earlier treatment for leukaemia had  led to a deterioration in his overall health.

 As one of the most  senior bishops in the Church of England, he sat in the House of  Lords.

 Bishop Kenneth leaves a wife Still to come this evening.

.

.

 How a  nurse from Dorset helped those in need in Haiti.

 18 year old Edward  Woollard has spent his first night behind bars for throwing a fire  extinguisher off a roof during last year's student protests.

 The  Brockenhurst student had pleaded guilty to violent disorder.

 While  many people have condemned his actions, some have questioned the  length of his two and a half year prison sentence.

 Dani Sinha has  been getting reaction today in A moment of madness, according to  the legal team representing the Hampshire student shown here among  the crowd.

 Without, he said, intending to hit anyone.

 But  prosecution said if the fire extinguisher had struck someone, it  would almost certainly have caused serious injury or death.

 Today his  contemporaries in Brockenhurst have been giving their reaction to his  sentence.

 I think, for his age, it was out of  order.

 It is a mistake.

 It is the wrong thing to do.

 He has to have a  consequence for it.

 He should have got more.

 IFE had hit somebody, it  would be stupid.

 There was little sympathy for the A-level student  from older people living in the village, either.

 It is a long  sentence but it is a stupid thing to do.

 A moment of madness.

 I think  it was not premeditated.

 I think it was done for Miss Li.

 It is about  time somebody stood up to some of these young people.

 Edward Woollard  will spend half of his sentence in a young offenders' institution.

  Every time a child or young person goes to prison, it is a tragedy for  him and his family.

 But also for the rest of us outside.

 It is not  for want to see happen children in our society.

 In court, Edward  Willard said he regretted what he Remember how cold it was during the  pre-Christmas snow? 78-year-old Thomas Davidson from Bracknell does.

  He had no central heating.

 He's one of many whose had to wait months  for a new free boiler under the Government's Warm Front scheme.

  Despite the delays, the scheme has helped two million people.

 But it's  going to be scrapped and there's concern about what help low income  Shelan Davidson makes one of her regular visits to check on Dad Tom.

  The 78-year-old retired welder has the early stages of Altzheimer's  and would seem the ideal candidate for help with his heating.

 But  seven months after his daughter applied for help from the Warm  Front scheme, he's just lived through the coldest December on  record with nothing more than a few electric heaters.

 It has been hard.

  Looking at the sky now today, I think we may be past the worst of  it, I hope.

 Ministers want energy suppliers to take responsibility  for those in so-called fuel poverty.

 But even before planned cuts to the  Warm Front budget, the scheme I understand it is a grant and I  understand the scheme is an excellent scheme, but if they told  me in August or June when applied, it could take over a year to get  this were done, to have the boiler, for down to have hot water and  heating, if they had told me that in June or August in the summertime,  I would have found the money or done something to get the boiler  fixed.

 Warm Front's aim now is to replace boilers like this by March.

  Shelan may be taking her dad in again if there's another cold snap  between now and then.

 I'm joined in our London studio by  Jonathan Stearn, who is from the watchdog group Consumer Focus.

  Thank you for joining us.

 In essence, the warm front scheme is a  great idea limited by the huge demand.

 Yes.

 It is one of the last  schemes that is paid out of the public purse.

 The demand is way  beyond the funds available.

 Sadly, the amount of money that is going  to be reduced by two-thirds next year.

 Eventually the scheme will  disappear in two years' time.

 until that time before it is  actually scrapped, what impact will have? Because they will be tighter  controls on he can get any help.

 Anybody who has got their  application in by the middle of December should get their central  heating installed by March.

 They should be better communication to  explain why there is a delay, because there has not been enough  money there to cover demand.

 But what will happen from April onwards  is the number of people it is going to be available to all be  restricted even more because the funds are going to be much less,  two-thirds of what they are at the moment.

 When it goes in 2013 how  concerned are you there is going to be no concern -- no scheme of its  type which will look after most There are schemes on the horizon  but we need to make sure there are schemes that are going to cover  people on very low income so why not going to be covered by a The  Green Deal scheme, which is a pay as you save scheme, which the  government has in its mind.

 We need to make sure there are schemes  available which will take over from warm front which can help people on  low incomes.

 They're the ones who actually need the heating the most.

  They to be joining us.

 The GMB Union has accused  Southampton City Council of breaking a promise after it was  revealed that proposed pay cuts would also affect school support  staff.

 The city council has already said there'll be around 250  redundancies following cuts to its budget.

 A controversial pay cut  could now be imposed and workers made to take unpaid leave to avoid  the loss of another 400 posts.

 The council leader says he's having to  cope with a funding shortfall of around £25 million.

 We think it is  more important for people to be able to keep their jobs, especially  at a time when jobs and the jobs market is difficult.

 We think that  we do that, if we keep those jobs, then we will protect those services.

  We're not asking staff to make a choice, we're just telling them the  choice is that we face and we say that this choice is the best one.

  It's exactly a year since the devastating earthquake hit Haiti  and the country is still struggling to get back on its feet.

 A quarter  of a million people were killed and more have died in a subsequent  cholera outbreak.

 Around 800,000 people are still living in tents.

  Eileen Ivermee from Dorset has seen for herself just how basic the  living conditions are.

 She's recently returned from the island  and joins me in the studio.

 It is good to see you.

 Thanks for coming  in.

 I know you have been to places like Bella Rhoose, Uganda,  Azerbaijan and so on.

 How would you say Haiti compares to those places  you have seen? Haiti is much poorer.

 It did not have a lot before the  earthquake, very little infrastructure.

 It is just poorer.

  Since the earthquake, everybody has been effective.

 Everybody I speak  to has lost somebody or lost their home.

 There is so much work that  needs to be done.

 As a nurse but, you went out there with your  medical background, presumably to help with the cholera outbreak.

 We  are we working? A was working at a place called Mercy clinic.

 We are  running several correct treatment centres.

 I went out there as part  of a medical and nursing team to help with the cholera treatment  centre.

 How bad was it? Collarette is awful, it is the most  debilitating, degrading illness you could imagine.

 If you get it badly,  there is a 60 % chance of dying and she get the treatment centre.

 When  you get a treatment centre, the treatment enables you to survive.

  He was saying before that Haiti did not have cholera before.

 No, it was  not a problem before the earthquake, it was something that has happened  since.

 Partly because of the awful living conditions.

 800,000 people  are still living in camps, intended places.

 That must have been  horrific to see.

 Yes, you go along the side of the road even from the  airport NGC the tented villages and the tarpaulins by the side of the  road and realise people are still living there.

 How long you think it  will be before it gets back to some normality with some infrastructure?  Can it ever be normal? If you have lost your home and a family, will  life ever be normal? But for many it is going to be many years.

  you go back? I would go back, if there was any, yes.

 Thank you for  coming in.

 We are going to move on to sport now.

 Saints were at Oldham  last night.

 Remember Dean Holdsworth?  The former Wimbledon striker has agreed a two and a half year  contract after leaving non league club Newport County.

 He succeeds  Kevin Dillon who was sacked on Monday.

  With handshakes and smiles Dean Holdsworth was unveiled as the new  manager of Aldershot Town this lunchtime.

 He joins a club which  has gone from reaching the play- offs last season to fifth from  bottom after a fourth straight home defeat in the league on Saturday,  after which manager Kevin Dillon left by mutual agreement.

 The new  manager says he's looking forward to the challenge.

 I want to make  the good feelings come back.

 A what the fans to come in and know we are  going to play entertaining, winning football.

 We can go through many  cliches but we will try and win.

 Deane has got a tremendous track  record as a player.

 He played in the right type of teams at the  right levels this they have over achieve.

 They have overcome  obstacles, they have not had the best of resources and yet they have  been able to be successful.

 Holdsworth's new shot at success  Southampton are braced for a multi- million pound offer for their  teenage winger Alex Chamberlain.

 He was one of six different scorers  last night in a performance that would have put a shudder down the  spines of Southampton's League One rivals.

  With Sir Alex Ferguson and a senior Liverpool official watching, Alex  Chamberlain scored Southampton's opener.

 The 17-year-old has become  saints' most valuable asset, and pace like this tells you why.

  Chamberlain is another in a long line of Star Southampton has  produced in the last 30 years.

 Since they gained academy status,  the club have brought through the Theo Walcott.

 Gareth Bale went to  Spurs the £10 million.

 Now Chamberlain has a 10 million price  tag, too.

 Bail and Allcock's fees were knitters tutor down when  Saints hit financial trouble.

 If Chamberlain was sold, it would  generate around £25 million over 12 years and that could fund a youth  academy over a decade.

 If you look at these players, they get and the  first team quickly.

 They never looked back.

 There is no doubt  about Alex Chamberlain.

 Fans queuing for tickets for the FA Cup  tie against Manchester United accept Chamberlain may leave sooner  rather than later.

 If he can stay then great.

 I think it will be good  for him to stay another season at least.

 Up would not blame him for  going.

 Adam Lallana scored the second last night and in the second  A Rickie Lambert side for turf.

 And a Lee Barnard solo effort sends  Saints to second in the table.

 Reading have pulled out of a deal  to buy Bradley Wright Phillips from Plymouth The club cite medical  issues for their pulling out of the deal.

  Hampshire suffered an embarrassing defeat against Canada in their  opening game of the Caribbean Twenty20 tournament last night.

  Their opponents had lost their last nine Twenty20 games.

 Set 130 to win,  Hampshire never recovered from a middle order collapse losing three  wickets for five runs ending, 23 runs short.

 It was a grim  experience for the players and watching chairman Rod Bransgrove.

  They play Barbados tomorrow.

 You often like to tell us what you  think about the programme and we do read all your comments about South  Today, but what about other BBC output? The things you love and the  things where you think we could do better.

 The BBC is now looking for  people to join its audience groups to tell us what you think about  existing television, radio and online services.

 If you are  interested, you can get one of the These groups meet six times a year  and we're looking for people of all ages and from all walks of life.

  It's an unpaid role, but you do get To get involved.

 It is fun.

 Sarah  is here.

 Good to see you.

 It is a bit miserable today.

 Really  quite horrible.

 If there is little consolation, you can turn the  Through the rest of today and so might, staying wet and wild.

  Temperatures for five degrees above average.

 Plenty of rain through the  overnight period which will come and go at times.

 We may have the  occasional lull but for most of us, a wet night ahead.

 Temperatures  very similar to daytime values.

 Sticking pretty mild through the  course of tonight.

 A similar theme tomorrow.

 If you wake up to grey  and drizzly skies, or do not be fooled.

 Rain will arrive later.

 We  could have heavy pulses.

 More persistent by the end of the  afternoon.

 Temperatures peaking at 12 degrees for the south-west.

 Rain  is not going anywhere fast.

 It stays with us overnight tomorrow.

  Wet and windy.

 Very, very soggy.

 Possibly some localised flooding in  parts.

 A little bit of a break ahead of us.

 That from which has  been plaguing us today and tomorrow, it will work its way out was the  Continent.

 It will give us a break.

 There could this.

 The next weather  system is working its way in from the West.

 That will be just through  this weekend.

 For Friday, we may have a damp start of the day.

 But  it is an improving picture.

 Drier and brighter.

 You may even be lucky  enough to catch a glimmer of sunshine.

 Mild temperatures are not  sticking around for long.

 The warmer we have had recently is  working its way out, overtaken by this cold air sinking southwards.

  Feeling chilly again by next week.

 This is the outlook.

 A lot more wet  and windy weather heading our way.

 A little bit of respite by Friday  afternoon.

 Winds pick up on Saturday.

 On Sunday, more heavy  As you'll hopefully know, we're celebrating 50 years of South Today  this year.

 Tomorrow we start a new feature where every Thursday we'll  be raiding the archives for some of the gems we've broadcast over the  decades.

 In 1979, we reported on two young sisters.

 Joanna and Emma  Dunckley, who were a bit of a handful at teatime.

 But when Bruce  Parker appeared on TV to read the

 This is Midlands Today.

 The  headlines.

.

.

 Big cuts in the NHS.

 Thousands of jobs will go as part  of government spending cuts.

 They have got to save millions of pounds.

  That will effect frontline services.

 -- affect.

 Tony Blair is a war  criminal that should be prosecuted at the Hague, according to the  father of a policeman killed in Iraq.

 Somebody needs to put him in  the dock and cross examine him.

 He has not been today.

 He is a war  criminal as far as I am concerned.

 J G is bringing broad bands to  remote rural areas.

 -- churches.

 Happy birthday to be Former or by  hand and Wanderers footballer, scoring his 21st goal in his 24th  match -- 21st match in his private first birthday.

 -- on his 21st  birthday.

 Good evening.

 Thousands of health service jobs face the axe.

  The BBC understands 1,600 jobs will go at the heart of the NHS Trust in  the next four years.

 That includes the Good Hope Hospital, the  hospital in Birmingham, but the Birmingham Chest Clinic and  Solihull Hospital.

 Unions say it could result in dangerously low  staffing levels.

 Managers rejects the accusations and say front Line  staff will be protected.

 We will be talking to one of our MPs about why  these cuts are happening when the government has promised to protect  health spending from the austerity When Elyas Muset died neglected by  the hospital and Paul Richards died that they are the days, the Heart  of England NHS Trust was the subject of three reviews.

 Paul  Richards wife said it identified the need for preventing mistakes  happening again.

 Where are these losses coming from? In the review,  in the review it clearly stated that it was an issue and staffing  levels was a problems.

 If they are planning on cutting that amount of  staff, what is going to happen? mistakes did not happen on his  watch but the new Chief Executive is looking at cutting the Workforce  by 16 % in two for years.

 He said they can do it through natural  wastage and front Line staff will be protected.

 He admits times are  tough.

 That is roughly 4% of the staff based.

 We turn over about 600  people each year.

 It is very manageable without things getting  difficult with enforced redundancies.

 The Heart of England  NHS Trust is strongly recruiting and we are actually making efforts  to recruit nurses and midwives.

 Unions do not agree.

 They say this  is the tip of an NHS I spoke.

 six weeks I have met with five  chief executives.

 A -- NHS iceberg.

 That will effect -- affect  frontline services.

 My greatest fear is that we will have a repeat  throughout the region of what happened in Staffordshire.

 That  could be repeated in the West Midlands in several areas.

 Although  these figures are nominal, in these figures are nominal, in  Stoke-on-Trent, it is a prediction of 1349 jobs to gape.

 Nannies and,  of 1349 jobs to gape.

 Nannies and, 257.

 Dudley, 170.

 In Worcester they  accept it is 16 %.

 Hospitals are being squeezed on all sides, facing  funding cuts and services being put into the community.

 Although big  trusts have taken over the hospitals and they will survive,  some smaller hospitals will struggle.

 Bob of families that had  worked hard to improve services, these deficits leads to worrying  times.

 -- for the families.

 Lorely Burt joins us now.

 We thought this  spending was ring-fenced.

 But why so many job cuts? It is indeed  protected.

 Every year and for the next four years, there will be  above inflation increase to the NHS.

 What is happening is that we want  to improve services.

 We want to improve efficiency.

 We are making  savings, not at the front line but behind-the-scenes way it is not  necessarily the most efficient service that we could be happening.

  But so many jobs are going.

 How can it not affect frontline? We are  talking an average of 400 jobs every year.

 As Mark Newbold has  said, about 600 people every year change jobs anyway.

 He is actively  recruiting for frontline services as well.

 I did not see that  assessment.

 People should be worried because we want to make  things better.

 Here in the UK, you are twice as likely to die of heart  attack than you are in France.

 We have got worse cancer survival  rates than almost anywhere else in Europe.

 The unions are saying that  they are going to be reduced to dangerously low staffing levels.

  do not know what they have got as evidence to back this up.

 But what  we are looking to do is strengthened the front line and  make it more efficient behind the scenes.

 It is a lot of bureaucracy  in the NHS.

 Would he say that about a local hospital where they are  losing significant numbers? It is about 4% every year.

 It that is  coming from Phnom front line services, we are making the service  that we are offering more efficient and we are putting more into the  front line and that is entirely As we have heard, the former Prime  Minister to any Blair has been giving more evidence to the Iraq  inquiry in London.

 -- Tony Blair.

 Reg Keys listens to him.

 His son  was killed in Iraq while serving as a policeman seven years before,  along with five colleagues.

 He has been an outspoken anti-war  campaigner.

 In the general election in 2005 he stood against the former  Prime Minister in Sedgefield, capturing 10% of the vote it.

 He  has also watched both his appearances at the Iraq inquiry.

  Today, Tony Blair expressed regret for the loss of life.

 Of course I  regret deeply and profoundly the loss of light, from our own armed  forces and from other nations.

 The civilians and the Iraqis themselves.

  I want to say that because I think it is right to say that and that is  what I feel.

 Reg Keys joined us earlier in Westminster and I  started by asking him if he welcomed the fact that the Prime  Minister had expressed regret.

 welcome these comments.

 But I feel  he was pushed into that because after giving evidence last time, he  said he did not have any regrets.

 When prompted, he said he still did  not have any regrets and there was protesting from families.

 Not even  be British and Iraqi death toll had any effect.

 At was ringing in his  ears and that is why he said that today.

 We were sat behind him again.

  He could have turned round and said he was sorry for the loss of loved  ones.

 Mothers and sisters were crying behind me.

 It is a very  emotional time to be in the presence of this man, given the  gravity of what has happened.

 oblivious to your pain, do you  think? I actually believe that.

 Did he like at night and think about  the death toll of thousands of innocent people? The British people  that have died as well? Maybe he could not sleep.

 Perhaps that is  the mindset he has to get himself into, oblivion.

 He has misled  Parliament, remember.

 The people of this country and you and me.

 He  misled these troops as well.

 Do you think he is guilty of war crimes?  Yes, I did.

 In debris 2003 Tony Blair said that if Saddam Hussein  stayed in power.

.

.

 But today in bad centre, he said even if they had  withdrawn and Saddam Hussein had complied, he would have resurrected  himself and we would have gone to war anyway.

 Clearly, there was  intent in the first place.

 Should he be prosecuted? Yes, I do.

 What  we have not heard from him is evidence under oath.

 What he has  given today is not under a.

 There are not any consequences.

 He needs  to be put in the dock at the Hague and be cross-examined because he  has not been today.

 He is a war criminal as far as I am concerned.

  Find out more about Tony Blair's evidence to the inquiry including a  26 page written statement on the BBC News website.

 At a school where  teachers are regularly facing violence from pupils, it has been  shut down.

 Council said they were forced to do that after strike  action.

 They are trying to find places elsewhere for the children,  who have behavioural problems.

 gates but nobody is at this school  near Birmingham.

 Earlier this week, teachers went on strike, claiming  they were facing violence almost daily from pupils with emotional  and behavioural problems.

 Closing the school temporarily, the council  the school temporarily, the council has pointed to strike action and  According to the unions, the strikes did not change anything but  they have said the closure must be short term.

 What we are hoping is  that the authority will do something quickly because we must  have the school opened again so the pupils can be educated.

 Obviously,  everything must be in place as well so that it is safe for the staff  and pupils.

 It has emerged this dispute has gone to an arbitration  or service.

 There were talks between both sides at which  apparently, progress was made.

 Another meeting is taking place  next week.

 But for now, children in need of carefully tailored  education and support are not A memorial service for the former  Conservative Cabinet minister Lord Walker of Worcester has taken place  where he served as MP for more than 30 years.

 Peter Walker died last  year and served under Margaret Thatcher first as energy secretary  and then as Welsh Secretary.

 At Worcester Cathedral his son Robin,  the current MP for the area paid tribute and did Lord Heseltine.

  stood by his use all of his life.

 He was a fantastic colleagues to  work with.

 I learnt more from him Children from white families in  Birmingham are set to become a minority group for the first time,  when this year's census is collected in March.

  Population forecasts seen by the BBC Politics Show suggest that more  than half of children under sixteen in the city are from black and  Asian communities.

 Birmingham could become a minority white city within  the next ten to fifteen years, as Ben Godfrey reports.

  Children at Chad Vale Primary in Edgbaston speak 20 different  languages.

 Just a fifth of pupils are white.

  I think as a city, we should be very proud that Birmingham in fact,  it has this way of welcoming anyone that comes to the city, makes them  feel cherished, and then expects them to contribute to the  In 2006 in Birmingham, 53% of children from birth to 16 were  white.

 But this year's census's expected to show it's fallen to 47%.

  Forecasts also show that by 2024, Birmingham as a whole will have a  minority white population.

 Latest government figures already show  that 43% of children in Birmingham council schools are white, making  We are a diverse city.

 As far as I'm concerned, people like the  drama of a sudden change but nothing's sudden, it's all  progressive and we would be lax if we weren't looking at trends.

 A  cumulative effect isn't a sudden effect to us, we're working all the  time, adjusting the way we deal with things to cope with it.

  So why's this happening? Studies show a close balance between  numbers of births and deaths in Birmingham.

 What's making a  significant difference is the white population leaving the city, and  increased inward migration, with the African and Chinese communities  growing fast.

 I joined Mohammed Aikhlaq and son  Ibrahim at their home.

 The Pakistani community in Birmingham's  expected to double over the next twenty years but it'll still be  half the size of the local white population.

  There are large families and I think within our communities, the  marrying of early age that'll actually have a lot of influence on  the census and the community getting bigger.

 I mean, for  instance on Warren Road we've got 15, 16 houses for immediate family  who actually live on Warren Road so it's the closeness of the community  links.

 The 2011 census will give us a  definitive picture of a changing West Midlands.

 It'll not only help  shape public policy, but create a cultural record for future  generations.

 Ben Godfrey, BBC Midlands Today, Birmingham.

  And watching that with us, our political editor Patrick Burns.

  From Ben's report, it seems the census is likely to be a mixture of  a few surprises, and other things which we all thought we knew  already.

 Much of the stuff is evolution, not  revolution.

 But when you consider the Pakistani community will double  in the next 20 years, 23 languages in one school, there are some big  challenge is there.

 On the other hand, my board this week explode  the myths about Birmingham becoming a white minority City imminently.

  It will not happen for at least 13 years, possibly much longer, and  even then, the white community will It's an interesting academic  exercise, but is there anything more to it than that? What's the  real point of it? But surely it's not just about the  raw numbers.

 The politicians still have to make decisions about what  to do with this information.

 It's a headcount of everyone, with over  two million households in the Midlands alone.

 It has a major  bearing on government priorities for the rest of the decade.

 If this  one confirms parts of Midlands lagging even further on education  and skills, the goverment's number crunchers will weight their  spending calculations accordingly.

 It is not just about numbers, is  it? The politicians do have to decide how to use this data.

  It's a highly political and highly charged debate, especially in our  part of the country regarding immigration, multiculturalism and  diversity for all parties.

 Conservative co-chair Baroness  Warsi says that anti-Muslim prejudice increasingly socially  acceptable and passes the "dinner party test".

  Thank you.

 And of course there will be more on this in Sunday's  Politics Show - which is here on Broadband internet services are  arriving in some of our region's most remote rural spots thanks to  the church.

 A real story of ancient and modern!  It's actually church towers to be precise which are being used to set  up a network in countryside areas which have traditionally suffered  from poor coverage.

 Our science correspondent David Gregory joins  us now from the village of Kingstone in Herefordshire.

 David,  how are they doing this? We are in the churchyard of St  Michael and All Angels.

 On the tower, there is a master been in  broadband into the homes around me.

 It will be expanded across the  county.

 It is good news for people who have trouble getting broadband  in rural areas.

 All paid beans the internet up to  the church tower and it is then sent to their rules on local houses,  allowing the warden to surf at broadband speeds.

 It is having a  huge impact on one local business.

 The connection has made a hell the  difference.

 They had a very limited connection from BT before.

 It just  about supported our business but I was getting constant complaints  from a area managers that they could not connect back to us.

  At this expanded scheme, you start to get an idea of how many people  have poor access or no access to broadband.

 It is about 50 per cent  of the County of Herefordshire.

 This scheme will be rolled out  across the diocese of Hereford, right up to South Shropshire.

 The  venue for the launch in the grounds of Hereford Cathedral is a sign of  how important the project is.

 It is good for confidence, it is  good for business, or rural areas have a much higher proportion of  self-employed people, and self- employed people need to be able to  succeed.

 The tis a local company joining  forces with the Church to solve a local problem.

  Nick Peplow is from the company behind us.

 How does this work?  You need a small antenna which you put on your home or your business  and as long as you have a line of sight up to the prominent building,  like the church tower, you get the fast and reliable broadband access  immediately.

 How far would you be going with the  scheme? The Iraq over 400 church buildings  and prominent locations -- there are over 400 church buildings in  the diocese.

 What does it cost?  But stops from £20 a month.

 For that, you don't need to pay a fixed  line rental.

 That has talked to the Church of of  this! You have got two teenage boys another have got broadband.

  In it has transformed their social lives no one.

  Were you worried about putting a big mosque on top of the Church?  We were worried about the a static or that.

 The parishioners were  worried about that, not the danger.

 How have the parishioners reacted?  The job very glad that broadband is Good news for barriers to think  that they cannot get broadband, this E might really help.

 - of this  Lovely to have your company this Friday evening - still to come.

  Proof we're a nation of animal lovers - how Tremor was saved from  an earthquake and given a new life But first to prove we're also a  nation of football lovers, well a lot of us are rather passionate  about it, here's Ian.

 Things are hotting up nicely at the  foot of the Premier League.

 Tomorrow lunchtime, Wolves have the  chance to beat Liverpool for the second time in four weeks.

 New boy  at on Hamel is on the bench.

 The old boy is hoping to celebrate with  three points.

 Everyone loves a little surprise on  their birthday.

 I have popped round to visit Todor pottery as father.

  The former Wolves striker, 50 years ago today, he played his 21st game  for Wolves and scored his 21st goal on his 21st birthday.

  All the players would be happy birthday.

 I did not do a double  somersault.

 I did some running around them.

 The 21st goal on the  21st appearance.

.

.

 The you will never forget that?  I will not.

 Supporters of a certain age  remember his precocious talent spot Age 24, his career was cut short by  injury.

 He went on to run a pub in Dudley and still follows Wolves  with a passion.

 Why are left in tucking into his cake and went to  meet the new kids on the Wolves block.

 He will be 23 on Tuesday, an  exciting win up from Barnsley, costing half a million pounds, he  could prove an uncut diamond.

 Most of York Dolls soon to be  pretty spectacular.

 -- most of your goals.

  Kenny Dalglish would have been a hero of yours and now he will be in  the other dug-out.

 My whole family on Liverpool fans.

  But come Saturday, I want to show what I can do.

  Three weeks ago, Stephen Ward got the winner against Liverpool at  Anfield.

 If Adam helps Wolves to the double tomorrow, 2-One would be  And you can listen to the Wolves - Liverpool game on BBC WM tomorrow,  the first of four live Premier League games on the station over  the weekend.

 Aston Villa's club record signing  of Darren Bent has had a knock-on effect in the transfer market today.

  Bent's arrival means Villa have allowed John Carew to join Stoke on  loan for the rest of the season.

 It's believed Carew may replace  Ricardo Fuller at Stoke although the Potters have rejected claims a  £3 million deal has been agreed for the Jamaican to replace Bent at  Walsall have appointed caretaker manager Dean Smith as their full-  time boss for the rest of the season.

 The former club captain  took over as manager when Chris Hutchings was sacked at the  beginning of January.

 Walsall are bottom of the table and seven  points from safety.

 Smith now has 22 games to save them from  relegation to League Two.

 And there will be more on Walsall's  plight in League One in a special report on Late Kick Off on Monday  night on BBC1 at five past 11.

 Joining Manish and Robbie Savage  will be Burton captain Darren Moore.

 But it from me.

 Some Wolves fans  are wondering if Matt Jarvis might be sold, but no chance, said Mick  More now on Tremor, the dog rescued from an earthquake in China and  brought to live here.

 Judy Blythe was working there when she found  Tremor made homeless in the devastation.

  She's spent thousands of pounds on bringing him to live with her here.

  Ben Sidwell's been to meet them both.

  There are plenty of animals who make the trip to Park Issa vets in  Oswestry, but it's fair to say none of them have travelled anywhere  near as far as Tremor the dog has to get there.

 Back in April 2008,  Judy Blythe, the vet's practice manager, was working in China as a  volunteer at a bear sanctuary when the country was hit by a massive  earthquake.

 Judy and her colleagues joined members of the Red Cross,  offering whatever help they could - little did she know she was about  to meet a very special little dog.

 We were sent up to the mountain by  the Red Cross to takes applies to a village that had been cut off.

 Some  villagers appeared and I had with them that little red dog.

  Unfortunately he did not belong to anyone in the party and they did  not know where he had come from, he had attached himself to the little  group.

 Although Judy returned back home  she never forgot about Tremor.

 Then on her 30th wedding anniversary,  Judy's husband announced the Tibetan Spaniel cross would be  coming to live with them.

 Almost two years after they first met and  around £4,000 later, Tremor arrived to start a new life in Shropshire.

  I can't justify spending that amount of money on one animal but  he is a present.

 He is worth every penny.

  Judy's planning to return to China to do more voluntary work at the  bear sanctuary, although this time she's promised not to bring another  He looks at home already.

 I hope he knows how lucky he is,  living in Shropshire, it is beatable.

 Here's Genelle.

  We did see some beautiful sunshine today but as we go into the weekend,  it will be slightly more limited.

 As we go into tonight, are the  clear skies will be producing some All the cloud did Clare away today.

  Bright blue sky.

 Tonight we will see a widespread and hard frost.

  You probably will be scraping your Tomorrow will be cloudy, less  brightness.

 Temperatures just a touch more older.

 There could be  Tomorrow night, it will be another cold one.

 We are expecting once  As we go into the rest of the weekend, we are expecting it to be  cloudy.

 Mild temperatures and smiled at night as well.

 Not mild  A look at tonight's main headlines.

 Number Ten's director of  communications quits as the News of the World phone hacking row  intensifies.

 And 1,600 jobs are to go at four  hospitals in Birmingham and

 Shadow Chancellor, citing family  Hello and welcome to Midlands Today with Nick Owen and Suzanne Virdee.

  The headlines tonight: Warwickshire Police announce their  biggest cuts yet, including the closure of eight stations.

 If it is  important we have the biggest and largest workforce we can but it  will get smaller.

 Joint operation - how civilian  hospital patients will benefit from lessons learned on the battlefield.

  Speeding up the diagnosis - the hospitals using a new one-hour test  for flu.

 And, he gets bemused looks from  fellow commuters but he wouldn't Good evening.

 Welcome to Thursday's  Midlands Today from the BBC.

 Their biggest cuts yet.

 Warwickshire  Police announce big changes in how the force is run, to save millions  of pounds.

 They need to save around £23 million over the next four  years.

 Well, they have a plan for £13.

4 million but now they have to  save a further £9.

5 million and So how are they going to do it?  They are looking at cutting staff, including officers, by around 450.

  A change in shift patterns will also save money.

 The force will  close eight police stations and move out of their manor-house-style  HQ, raising revenue by selling or leasing the buildings.

 And if you  live in Warwickshire, the police authority want to know if you would  be prepared to pay more on your council tax for policing.

 Joan  Cummings has the details.

 Warwickshire Police moved into  their country house HQ in 1949 but 60 years on, the decision to move  out and put it up for sale reflects a need to make more efficient and  Are the state has been inherited over many years.

 It does not  reflect the current innovative way we work.

 It is estimated that  closing some police stations and moving out of Leek Wootton will  save the force around £1 million a year.

 But also under discussion is  greater collaboration with neighbouring forces such as West  Mercia, with investigations currently being held into a so-  called strategic alliance.

 It means looking at the way in which we work  together better, the way in which we serve by doing things -- save  money by doing things once rather than twice.

 It makes a loss of  sense for police authorities to be talking to one another along those  lines.

 They are considering some strategic alliance.

 It is the first  we have heard of it.

 We have raised issues with regards West Mercia  covering the Stratford area and we have been quizzing our members as  to where we are going with a possible merger.

 Shift changes for  police officers will result in some savings, but with almost a quarter  of the £100 million budget slashed, there is going to be a greater  reliance on PCSOs, specials and community - something that seems to  concern the Police Federation and MPs.

 The bedrock of policing is the  warranted officer.

 Those of the officers we represent and there  would be less of them on our streets.

 That is a sad reality.

  have to look at your back office operations before you do anything  that affects the front line.

 I have been assured by the chief constable  that that is what he's doing.

 is concern though here in Stratford,  which has a lower crime rate than other areas in the county, that  they simply will not see police officers out on the beat any more.

  I think the police presence deters people from getting up to mischief.

  It makes the move on.

 So the more police we can have on the streets,  the better.

 I think you need police stations in every area of every  town to cover the area, definitely.

 I think they know what they are  doing and they will see what -- that things are done right.

 It will  be crime figures and the public's experience of the police that will  dictate if they have got it right.

 So a big change in policing.

 Just  after the announcements were made this morning, I spoke to Chief  Constable Keith Bristow, whose job it is to steer his force through  these austere financial times, and asked him if the severity of the  cuts worried him.

 I would not say I am bullish about it.

 I would say I  am determined to make sure we get the best for the people of  Warwickshire with the resources available.

 But people will be lost?  The force will be smaller.

 We have to make sure we know why do want a  -- an officer doing something.

 And for them to book should effectively  we need a whole range of other services which are sometimes best  delivered by people other than police officers.

 We are talking  about your losing a court of your budget.

 You cannot surely officer -  - offer the same level of service to the public.

 The first £13.

4  million we have to save, I am confident we can do that in a way  to minimise the risk to the public.

 But we still have some decisions to  make about how we save the other nine pud £5 million.

 -- £9.

5  million.

 It sounds slightly negative.

 We are trying to be  realistic.

 I accept the budget.

 My job is to turn the budget into the  best policing possible for the benefit of the public.

 I will do  the best I can be the budget but I have got.

 I am not predicting  rising crime or more harm in communities.

 We will deliver the  best policing we can with the resources available.

 We know about  the policy to retire more experienced police officers.

 Surely  you do not want to be left with a force off relatively inexperienced  young officers? I do not want to lose experienced, capable officers  who do not want to retire.

 But there is a very real challenge  about balancing the books so the police authority can set the budget.

  We have been hurling -- cueing rumours that the Chief Constable of  West Mercia rate retire and that you make then become the chief  constable of that force as well.

 am not aware of such a rumour.

 You  will need to talk to the Chief Constable of West Mercia about his  particular plants.

 We are walking - - are working closely with West  Mercia and we will work even closer and the picture.

 Been the chief  constable of two forces, is that a good idea? We have to look at all  options.

 We have also heard about the Forensic Science Service  closing.

 That must worry you? Forensics are really important and  week do need access to them but is not just about the Forensic Science  Service.

 As a criminal, you would be rubbing your hands together with  glee.

 No Forensic Science Service and massive cuts to the police  service.

 If criminals are watching, if they come into Warwickshire,  expected get locked up.

 With us now is our political editor  who has been talking today to the Labour leader, Ed Miliband, during  his visit to Wolverhampton.

 What did Mr Miliband make of these cuts?  For he is clearly very angry about the scale and extent of these  cutbacks and he blames the Government for forcing the pace on  this to the extent that frontline policing is affected.

 He says that  is absolutely wrong.

 I predicted hint that the streamlining and  relocating of the head quarter staff, closer collaboration with  other forces, these are the sorts of savings that the coalition  government are trying to encourage.

 I think everybody is in favour of  greater efficiency savings but for the Government to be somehow  blaming the police for the cuts they are imposing is quite wrong.

  They should acknowledge that because of the scale of the cuts,  because they are going too far and too fast, that is why we are seeing  cuts.

 And his visit comes a day after those startling jobless  figures for the West Midlands.

 What did she say about that? Opposition  leaders have been accused of seen by news for the country as good  news for them but he is emphatic he is not here to exploit those  figures.

 He was speaking at the bowls football stadium in  Wolverhampton and the point he was making was that the Government  abolished reduced deficit reduction plan is simply taking too much  money out of the economy too fast and that is what is the employment  figures demonstrate, he says.

 The other point he was making is that  the Future Jobs Fund been cut altogether by the Government, this  is very short-sighted policy, he said, because it meant fewer people  will be able to find work in future, which in turn would mean fewer  people paying their taxes, and more people claiming benefit.

 And a new  job for the former West Midlands Minister and Chief Secretary to the  Treasury, Liam Black.

 A return for him as Jaba Work and Pensions  Secretary.

 Thank you.

 And there will be more reaction to  the Warwickshire Police cuts story on BBC Coventry and Warwickshire's  Breakfast show tomorrow morning from 7am.

  Thank you for joining us this Thursday evening.

 Coming up, going  for a gallop, but can he win the Grand National two years on the  trot? Another first for the Queen  Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham when it opened a new research  centre today.

 It will allow doctors from around the country to learn  from the techniques developed to treat troops returning from  Afghanistan and use them to help civilian casualties.

 The £20  million project has been jointly paid for by the Department of  Health and the Ministry of Defence.

 Cathy Mackie is at the hospital now.

  The unit is here and the Queen Elizabeth Hospital that military  casualties often receive ground breaking treatment.

 It is hoped  this research centre will allow that medical knowledge to filter  down through the NHS and help the rest of our us.

  The hard lessons learnt on the battlefield are already saving  lives in Afghanistan.

 A severely injured soldier has a 20% higher  chance of survival than a civilian back in the UK who has suffered  similar life-threatening injuries.

 It is clear the advances being made  in war can benefit those living in peace.

 And the NHS is already  adopting some of the techniques used by medics on the front line.

  We had stopped using turn a case in ambulances because the military  showed us that if you're dying of beating the best thing he's put one  before you do anything else.

 Ambulances have those backing there  again.

 Here at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham, where  injured troops are transferred, military and civilian staff are  already working side-by-side.

 They will now benefit from a new  research centre to bring them even closer together.

 It will help  develop the skills which have already helped civilians like Dawn  Pickett.

 She had to be resuscitated after suffering severe injuries in  a car crash.

 Doctors were able to rebuild her bones and get her  walking again.

 And she has no doubt that it is thanks to shared  knowledge.

 I was very lucky with the expertise in this hospital.

 My  hospital -- a husband was told I could possibly come out of theatre  with a leg and an arm missing.

 I didn't.

 Danny Yardley, another  civilian, had to undergo complete facial reconstruction after a  severe traffic accident.

 He is another beneficiary of some of the  skills learned from war.

 I have titanium plates in my face.

 I have  also had implants fitted and a breach British -- a bridge fitted  to replace my teeth.

 Back in Helmand at the British Military  Field Hospital, medical staff who are being tested to the limit are  genuinely pleased their efforts will provide hope out of the  horrors of war.

 What better way to co-ordinate these in the UK and  with an institution funded centrally by the Government to  bring all this information together? The hope is that the new  centre will help all hospitals know how best to respond to serious  injuries, including incidents like With me to give us more information  is a matron and a senior nurse in critical care.

 His research centre  has been set up so people can learn from people like you.

 What is the  difference between a military and civilian casualty? The injuries  have changed over the years.

 Some of them are very brittle.

 We have  learned Drigg innovations, how to do wings better, we are better at  managing the blood loss.

 Will they have done some fantastic stuff in  theatres.

 They can make a new noses and new limbs.

 They are trying to  work hard to move forward.

 This money will allow us to innovate  more and share what we learn with the rest of the public.

 And I guess  no dew casualties are the same so you are learning all the time.

 --  two casualties.

 Yes.

 These injuries are very devastating but the NHS  patients also have those sort of injuries and it would be nice to be  able to lose -- usable we have learnt on the NHS patients threat  the country.

 How will the research centre work? Well doctors come here  to learn from you? We had so.

 We think if we can share the knowledge  we have for trauma care and the research we are learning, it will  be very useful for all patients.

 You started as a critical nurse  back in 1991, the first Gulf War.

 Abetted has come on leaps and  bounds.

 Yes, the types of injuries are very different.

 The ballroom of  patience is different.

 -- volume of Two women have been remanded in  custody, charged with murder, after a man's body was found at an  address in Stoke-on-Trent.

 38-year- old William Anderson was found dead  at his home in Boulton Street on Sunday night.

 He had been stabbed  in the chest.

 Bridget Purcell, 42, and 23-year-old Stephanie Stubbs  will appear at Stafford Crown Court tomorrow.

  The county coroner for Gloucestershire has been arrested  on suspicion of fraud, money laundering and theft.

 Alan  Crickmore's arrest came after his law firm offices in Cheltenham were  closed down last month by the Solicitors Regulation Authority.

 He  has been released on bail and suspended from his job.

  Malvern's famous gas lamps, which it is claimed inspired the  Chronicles of Narnia books, have been saved.

 The town council had  been looking at removing the lamps to save money.

 But all 22 are going  to be upgraded, making them cheaper to run and able to produce more  light.

 The new design has been developed by a team of local  scientists.

 Outbreaks of flu in the region are  falling, according to figures released this afternoon.

 Just over  50 consultations with doctors per 100,000 were from patients  suffering flu symptoms.

 That compares with just over 70  consultations per 100,000 a week ago, and is lower than the national  rate.

 The news comes as a hospital trust in the region becomes one of  the first to start using a pioneering one-hour test for flu.

  The test can identify different strains of the virus, including  swine flu.

 A simple swab from the nose and  mouth has revolutionised the way flu is detected the City Hospital  in Birmingham.

 The hospital is one of the first to use the test.

 It  means in just over an hour, staff can detect whether a patient has  swine flu or any other type of influenza.

 Back in 2009, when the  H1N1 pandemic broke out, such tests could have taken as long as five  days, wasting time and resources.

 It is a very simple and rapid way  of getting some very complex resorts.

 We can make the best  decisions.

 We minimise the likelihood of the spread of  influenza around the hospital.

 is easy to train staff to carry out  the test.

 Putting the swabs in this cartridge will enable them to look  for the genetic material for flu.

 To make the test work you need a  machine like this.

 They already had several here at City Hospital,  particularly useful during late December and early January when  there was a big influx of flu patients.

 The benefit for us is we  have a relatively few side rooms.

 When we have a patient come in who  we think has flu we put them in a side room to make sure they do not  pass it on.

 It is important to know if they are positive or negative.

  It is a sign of how far the medical world is advancing.

 Experts say a  few years ago it they would not have believed such a quick and  simple test would have been possible.

  You are watching Midlands Today from the BBC.

 Still to come, no  worries over petrol prices for this A campaign is being launched to try  to increase the number of Asian foster carers in the Midlands.

  Nationwide, there is a shortage of carers from Asian or black  backgrounds.

 It is thought the role of a fosterer is not well  He got the guitar for Christmas and the words of the songs help him  with his English.

 This 16-year-old is reluctant to tell us about the  horrors that forced him to flee his native Afghanistan, but he is  grateful for a new start.

 He comes back from school and he will play  his guitar, go upstairs, and watch a bit of telly as well.

 He is doing  fine.

 The Ali family from Walsall have three children of their own.

  He is the second child they have fostered and as an Asian foster  family, they are much in demand.

 is really tough to find the right  people.

 A formal social worker from Smethwick says there is not enough  foster families and she was trying to recruit more.

 She says Asian  children are better placed with Asian foster carers.

 They do not  want other people to know their Orin foster care.

 So being able to  give them a cultural or race match you are giving them a service which  will make that transition easier for them.

 His foster father it says  fostering is not well understood in some Asian communities, but he is  quick to recommend it.

 You get a reward out of it.

 If you can make a  child happy at the end of the day, that is your day.

 He himself is far  from home and his real family but here at least he has found a chance  I have been trying to find the winner of the Grand National.

  Trainer Jonjo O'Neill hopes to have three runners in the ground battle  as he bids to win the race for the second year running.

 He won last  year's race with Don't Push It.

 Life has never been the same again.

  What brings the likes of Jilly Cooper and Bob Champion to pay a  visit? If that is what winning the Grand National does for you.

  Everything changes.

 So when Jonjo O'Neill paraded last year's winner,  DEC pursuit, everyone wanted to look.

 And the press hang on his  every word.

 -- last year's winner, Don't Push It.

 Look at jockey Tony  McCoy.

 He had been champion jockey 15 times but it was winning the  Grand National that led to him been crowned the BBC's boy as  Personality of the Year.

 It is not just the whole nation.

 -- BBC  Sports Personality Of The Year.

 Millions of people watch the Grand  National.

 And it is there to say they do not normally get this many  people on the morning gallops.

 So what chance that Judge O'Neill  could win again? He has been targeted at the race from the  second he won it last year.

 But he will also run the Welsh National  winner Synchronised and tie.

 But he says he will stick with Don't Push  It.

 At least if I stick with him he will not go too far wrong.

 When you  already have the trophy on the mantelpiece, the pressure is on.

  Win the Grand National and you can dine out on it for years.

  Who do you think is the least likely professional footballer to  become a referee? How about the former Birmingham City midfielder  Robbie Savage? Never shorter an opinion on the pitch or in the Late  Kick-Off studio.

 But he has had a good today.

  The flowing locks of the same but the shirt looks very different.

 Is  that really Robbie Savage refereeing? Robbie Savage, who has  not always had the best of relationships with officials? So it  was.

 Trying his hand at being the man in the middle to promote the  FA's search for new referees.

 Here he had a big decision to make.

 The  red card eventually came out after a bit of thought.

 Very difficult.

  It is a well-known fact that for me.

.

.

 It for me to try my hand at  being a referee was a difficult thing.

 Mary difficult.

 -- very  difficult.

 I will have a new mutual respect for referees.

 He still has  no plans to pick up a whistle when he hangs up his boots.

  The Aston Villa striker John Carey could be on his way to Stoke City.

  He played in the second seeded Derby on Sunday but he is yet to  score for Villa this season.

 Today Eastwood have confirmed he has been  in talks with them about a transfer and he has passed a medical.

 Wolves  have signed a Adam Hammill son from Barnsley for an undisclosed fee.

  Lennie Lawrence has left Hereford United and he will be assistant  manager of Crystal Palace.

 In these times of rising petrol  prices, a back -- Black Country commuter is urging others to  consider dropping to work as he does.

 Ian Fardoe uses his  Velomobile to travel through Wolverhampton, morning and night.

  It is a tricycle wrapped in a plastic casing and even on cold  days like today if it keeps those using it nice and warm.

  Ian Fardoe has become a familiar sight during the Black Country's  rush hour.

 A keen cyclist, he has managed to avoid the petrol and  diesel price hike completely.

 He insists this is the best way to  travel.

 Every day he makes the 12 hour -- 12 mile round trip to work.

  He sometimes reaches speeds of more than 50mph.

 It is a nice, easy way  of doing some exercise.

 Fits into the daily routine.

 It is really  quick.

 Depends how fast I peddle it.

 The Velomobile is a tricycle with  an aerodynamic cover.

 He didn't really self-propelled and for those  who remember, not to be confused with the ill-fated battery-powered  Sinclair C5.

 Yes, that is bad.

 Bad memories for everybody involved.

  was below freezing when we filmed him this morning but he insists you  never get cold in a Velomobile.

 came in the other morning and one  of the young people was here with the group and I opened the lid and  steam billowed out.

 He said, it looks like a scene from Alien.

  does not know how much fuel money he saved each year because it has  been so long since he ran a car but for the rest of us, we get easily  imagine.

 -- can easily imagine.

 It is actually quite stylish.

  Recumbent.

 The fog on the M5 today is horrendous.

 Ground frost as well  quite but this morning.

 -- quite More frost to come on very cold as  well.

 Some sunshine about and it will be dry through the weekend,  through the next few days.

 Seemed as we had a few flood watches  issued last weekend because of the heavy rain, we could do with some  dry weather.

 But it is turning cloudy this weekend and because of  the cloud at night it will not be as frosty.

 But this is a weather  front bringing this cloud and because of the overwhelming  presence of the high pressure it will kill off any brain.

 They could  be the odd droplet.

 -- kill off any rain.

 For tonight, the added  problem of skies from today leading to temperatures plummeting.

 That  will give us a widespread harsher frost and last night and you can  see the white area towards the West.

 Quite dense fog patches developing.

  There will be some cloud around 80 in the right and because of that,  we could see quite a cloudy start again, quite a foggy start tomorrow.

  But the cloud will gradually break- up.

 Have we will start his season  sunshine developing through the afternoon.

 -- hopefully.

  Temperatures struggling because of

 Welcome to South Today.

 In  tonight's programme: The warnings were there over staff shortages  weeks before the Ford prison riots.

 5,000 people queue for 100 jobs at  Southampton Airport.

 The queue was huge and it had only  been open about half-an-hour.

 Why this woman threatened legal  action to ensure she had a gastric bypass.

 You feel you have to have  something else to eat, so you eat more and more.

 And transfixed by  the South Today titles, we meet up It's emerged the Government was  warned about a lack of staff at Ford Prison before a riot there on  New Year's Eve.

 Buildings burnt were burnt down when some prisoners  went on the rampage at the open prison.

 The Independent Monitoring  Board at Ford submitted its report shortly before trouble broke out.

  Could it all this destruction have been avoided? Were there enough  staff to try to prevent it? Questions about staffing levels  will be part of the Prison Service's own inquiry.

 It is merged  the Ministry of Justice received a warning about smart numbers just a  week before Christmas.

 The Independent monitoring board's  annual report raised fears about minimum staff on duty at night and  junior staff patrolling on their own.

 Our concerns about night  Our concern was always that if there was a major problem they  would be too few people to contain it.

 How many, with an event like  that, would have been required is a moot point.

 Possibly if they had  been more, my feeling is they might have been able to contain it at the  beginning before it spread.

 report did not predict a  disturbance at Ford.

 About 40 inmates at of the 496 on site were  involved in the right-wing New year's Eve.

 The fires they start  destroyed six accommodation blocks and other facilities.

 The Prison  Officers' Association has said the incident started after staff tried  to breathalyse some prisoners and the POA has raised concerns for was  understaffed.

 All the Ministry of Justice said today is that it would  consider the recommendations are in the Independent on front the board  Three illegal immigrants who pleaded guilty to the mass  production of cannabis in Hampshire have each been sentenced to more  than two and a half years in prison.

 The Vietnamese men were found out  when emergency services were called to a fire at the factory where the  cannabis was being grown in Portchester last July.

 Around 5,000  cannabis plants were discovered with a street value of 1£.

3 million.

  The men must serve half of their sentence and they could then face  being deported.

 Several beaches on the Sussex-  Hampshire border have re-opened to the public after a yellow foam was  washed ashore.

 Teams have been cleaning up the substance which is  thought to be castor oil.

 Beaches at East Wittering and Bracklesham  Bay are now open again.

 Parts of Hayling Island are still affected  and the foam even reached Bournemouth.

  300 jobs are being axed at Reading Borough Council, although officials  believe only half that number will be made redundant.

 There'll also be  a swathe of cuts in services and increased charges for others, all  designed to help meet a shortfall in government funding.

 The council  300 posts are going from a workforce of 3000.

 But many of  those jobs are already vacant, Mon- Sun and anticipation in the number  eventually made redundant is likely to be around 150 council staff.

  have struggled with these reductions but we're determined to  do the best for both people of Reading and the people who serve  them.

 It is not just reducing the wage bill.

 They will save a quarter  of a million pounds by making free bus passes for senior citizens off  peak only.

 It is very awkward if you have a good hospitals and the  appointments are very early.

 thought it would come eventually.

  It is awkward.

 Reading's Conservative and Liberal Democrat  coalition has pledged to freeze council tax this year, but the  unions say they are juggling the books.

 The numbers the council have  announced do not add up.

 The cost pressures they cite amount to less  than half.

 Consultation with the unions will start next week.

 New  charges for people using many council services will be voted on  next month.

 The worry for those losing their  job is how do you find another, particularly with dozens of people  chasing each vacancy.

 A jobs fair at Southampton Airport found itself  overrun by job hunters.

 There were long queues just to hand in CVs.

  The interviews for the vacancies 5,000 people.

 100 jobs.

 Southampton  Airport was swamped by hopeful candidates at it's first ever  careers fair.

 I'm looking for customer service.

 A one to work my  way up from there.

 I have applied for over 1500 jobs over the last  two-and-a-half years.

 You have to keep going.

 The queue is huge.

 It  had only been open about half-an- hour.

 It is ridiculous.

 This is the  airport's newest recruit.

 Michelle Potter has been on the staff for  just a week and is thankful to have missed the rush.

 I felt very proud  to be working here yesterday, just to see the interest of everyone who  wanted to come work here.

 companies operate at the airport.

  They were overwhelmed by the response.

 We were not expecting  quite as many people and for any future career fairs, we will look  for a larger accommodation we can see more people.

 Michelle took six  weeks to find work.

 Others weren't so lucky.

 As she settles in to her  new role, the waiting game continues for the 5,000 hopefuls.

  The second round of shortlisting A million pounds is being taken  from council reserves in Bournemouth to reduce the impact of  cuts to some services.

 That's in addition to £2 million already  pledged.

 It means plans to make savings in housing advice and  support services for vulnerable people have now been withdrawn.

  Dramatic pictures were released today by police investigating an  explosion that happened when a bicycle was thrown onto live  railway tracks in Hampshire.

 Moments later, it was hit by a  passenger train.

 This afternoon police revealed they've arrested a  man on suspicion of endangering safety.

  This was the moment when a bicycle was thrown onto the electrified  railway track, sending sparks flying.

 Minutes later a non-stop  passenger train hit the bike.

 It wasn't de-railed, but the track was  damaged.

 Today local people gave their reaction to what happened at  Woolston Station in Southampton.

 People are being something for a  laugh and somebody could get killed from it.

 I do not understand why  you would want to do that.

 What is the benefit? British Transport  Police have been carefully studying the images of the incident which  happened last Friday at ten to six in the evening.

 On this occasion it  happened at at a railway station where we were lucky to get the CCTV.

  I have never seen anything of that magnitude.

 Serious potential for  somebody to get injured.

 Even a possible derailment.

 This afternoon,  Transport Police said following their appeals for information,  officers have arrested a 24-year- old man in Woolston.

 He's now being  questioned on suspicion of Big changes have been announced for  Reading's Station Hill project.

 Sir John Madejski has sold the majority  interest of his Sackville Properties to capital management  company Benson Elliot.

 He says it'll provide an injection of new  cash for Station Hill.

 At a cost of £400 million it'll be one of the  largest developments in the country.

 The Dorset director and  screenwriter Julian Fellowes took his seat in the House of Lords  today as a Conservative peer.

 Lord Fellowes of West Stafford takes his  title from the village where he lives.

 He was one of 54 new peers  announced by Downing Street last November.

 The 61-year-old created  the ITV period drama Downton Abbey and won an Oscar in 2002 for  writing the screenplay for the film Gosford Park.

  Still to come in this evening's South Today: The new illuminations  A fascinating piece of artwork.

 Made entirely from water bottles.

  Join us live in the cloisters to Dorset police promised a year of  zero tolerance on motorists who break the law.

 And it seems to have  worked.

 As spending on road safety is cut back nationally, Dorset has  reduced the number of road deaths by half in just one year.

 The  number of fatal crashes on the roads has fallen everywhere in the  South.

 Down by a tenth in Surrey and a quarter in Wiltshire.

 But  it's Dorset that's led the way having once had one of the highest  injury rates.

 Here's our transport A side street in Dorchester this  morning.

 From an unmarked car, police are checking for speeding,  wearing of seat belts and the illegal use of hand-held mobile  phones.

 The reason we have stopped you is under are no excuse campaign.

  This man was seven miles an hour over the speed limit.

 I was not  concentrating.

 Bubbles not even looking at the speed.

 Of us just  thinking about getting back to work.

 Somebody's lack of attention almost  cost Harriet Shaw her life.

 I was coming back from uni.

 A young lad,  about 18 years old, came the other way and he was trying to change C D  behind the wheel and he swerved into my lane and hit me.

 A head-on  collision.

 About 100 miles an hour combine speed either way.

  Harriet broke nine bones and nearly died from loss of blood.

 She is  brought what is left of her car back to the site of the accident  just outside Dorchester.

 A the did makes a big difference, especially  people can see a car like that and speak to somebody who has really  been there.

 It is about making it real and making people realise it  can happen to anybody.

 18,000 people have been caught in the last  year in Dorset.

 The priority has been to send many offenders on  driver awareness courses.

 Instead of the usual £60 fine.

 If we can  prevent or lower the number of times traffic officers have to go  to somebody's House to deliver the worst news a family could hear will  make this worthwhile.

 Every county in the region has seen the number  of road deaths fall in recent years.

 But nationally the road safety  budget is being cut by more than a quarter this year.

 It is not clear  how that will affect the number of people killed on the roads.

  And Paul is with me now.

 Dorset has done well but Wiltshire's figures  are pretty revealing, too.

 Wiltshire saw a 25% drop in the  number of road deaths in the last set of figures.

 But in October  you'll remember the safety camera partnership was closed down, the  speed cameras turned off.

 It will be fascinating to see the impact  that may or may not have this year on the number of road deaths.

  Drivers in Dorset have come up with some pretty imaginative excuses  during this campaign.

 One man said he was warming his hands on a cup  of coffee.

 Another lady said she was not wearing his seatbelt  because she thought it would smudge her fake tan.

  Last year, Hazel Kent took legal action against a health trust when  it refused to pay for a gastric bypass operation.

 It later changed  its mind and Hazel, from Bracknell, is now recovering from the  operation.

 The procedure can cost up to £15,000 but she says its her  All Hazel Kent wants us to live a healthy life.

 10 years ago she lost  7 1/2 stone after she paid have a gastric and fitted.

 But of the  complications it had to be removed and she put the weight back on.

  had always suffered with my weight.

 To be honest, it has ruined parts  of my life.

 The hunger eats away at you.

 I suppose it is like an  alcoholic, needing a drink.

 You feel you have to have something  else to eat so you eat more, indeed more, and it is a vicious cycle.

  The local health trust refused to fund gastric treatment as her body  mass index was not high enough.

 BHS reversed the decision and Hazel  said the fight was worth it.

 I feel really happy.

 Not just for me but  for other people who why in a similar situation.

 It is not a  quick fix because it is a lifelong commitment to two basic he beat  eating such small quantities.

 surgeon carries out 200 procedures  each year.

 He says although Hazel is not morbidly obese, she was  entitled to the operation because she was a risk of developing type 2  diabetes.

 This is about metabolism and help.

 We are trying to prevent  diabetes.

 We know it is a silent killer.

 Surgery is drastic.

 The  perception of the surgery is true.

 It is more like a kick-start so  people can change their lifestyle.

 Hazel is recovering well in  hospital and ready to start her new way of life.

 You can read more  about Hazel's story on the BBC website.

 We have the sport for you  He was not going anywhere.

 We thought things would move on but  things change.

 Of see Bournemouth have confirmed an official approach  from Burnley to talk to Eddie Howe was who said on Tuesday he had  turned down other job offers.

 That situation appears to have changed.

  He will take charge of his one hundredth match as Bournemouth  Also in football, Portsmouth have resigned Greg Halford from Wolves.

  Sussex's cricketers will fly to Dubai for their final pre-season  preparations ahead of the new season.

 Hampshire's first overseas  trip is already under way.

 They lost their opening match in the  Caribbean Twenty20 competition against Canada so will hope for  better against Barbados this afternoon.

 Kevan James reports from  the ground in Antigua.

 Hampshire have hopefully got over  the shock of losing to Canada.

 An upset here.

 They are taking on one  of the tournament favourites.

 Barbados won a close encounter  tonight ago.

 Barbados include familiar names.

 That kind of  bowling bomb macro Hampshire the Barbados in a warm-up match last  If you've ever been lane swimming in your local pool, you may have  cursed people like me floundering along.

 Or those who glide past you  time and time again, giving you a kick on the way.

 If you've used the  Westgate pool in Chichester lately, the person lapping you over and  over could've been a world champion From palm trees and sunny skies in  the States to something a little more British.

 Gemma Spofforth also  helps -- hates slow swimmers and took no prisoners.

 If I had enough  people, they get out of the lane.

 I was lapping a little odd lady about  50 times.

 I get frustrated when people are in my way.

 Gemma was  frustrated by her performances in 2010.

 Although it looked like a  success, in my mind it was not.

 I have a new focus.

 2010 was not as  good say 2011 is going to be better.

 Her next time you see a speedy  swimmer in these parts, you wait be sharing the pool with a world  I'm still getting over that image it you floundering in the pool.

  Salisbury Cathedral is this evening revealing its latest work of art,  nearly a hundred towers made from water bottles and illuminated with  coloured light.

 As with some of their previous exhibitions, it's  something that promises to attract a lot of attention.

 If you look  over your shoulder, you can see the towers of light.

  Once again the cloisters are the setting for a fascinating piece of  artwork.

 Take a look at this.

 It is called water towers.

 There are 69  of them made from 15,000 recyclable water bottles, illuminated by fibre  optics and the colours change to This afternoon watched the artist  Bruce Munro as he constructed the final tower.

 The reaction I'm  hoping people will enjoy it and simply seed for what it is.

  Ultimately I hope people will see it as something similar to a  With me is Canon Mark Bonney from the cathedral.

 What does it mean to  the cathedral having this work of art here? It is really exciting how  this work of art enables us to see these wonderful space in a fresh  and innovative way.

 It is really good we can give a platform to a  local artist.

 Thank you very much.

 It is indeed intriguing.

 If you  want to see it, it'll be here until the end of February.

  Every Thursday, we'll be delving into our archives for some of the  highlights over the years as South Today marks it's 50th anniversary.

  We like to think the programme is popular with both young and old,  and in 1979 we did a report about two young sisters from Eastleigh.

  Joanna and Emma Dunckley were big fans.

 In fact, they found the  programme mesmerising.

 Here's part programme mesmerising.

 Here's part  Every day Joanna climbs into her high chair and is joined by her  sister, who is eight months old.

 China is far more interest --  interested in her chocolate drink and the children's programmes on  television.

 He is going to be a while because mum is busy in the  kitchen.

 Let's see if we can make our little sister screen.

 His daily  ritual.

 Teatime is always hell let loose.

 You would not imagine two  little girls could make such a racket.

 It is noisy and tail, rat -  In the south, we look at the plant When Joanna was about five or six  months old she always reacted to this the music.

 It has for a long  time been a standing joke in our I'm joined now by one of the stars  of that film, big sister Joanna Dunckley.

 You do not remember that  because you would have been too young.

 I have no recollection of it  being filmed.

 My dad has told the story many times but I had never  seen the footage before.

 For how embarrassing was we got in touch  with you? To relatively, yes.

 Pretty embarrassing but much more  so for my father would bad haircut.

 The EU were saying that you had no  idea you had a brown Corderoy dress.

 I was mortified with my mother's  choice of outfit for my first television appearance.

 I understand  your whole family are all over the world.

 There was second part of  this story because your sister Emma recently got married and you take  this a long.

 I was quite sneaky.

 took the footage with me and  surprised her.

 The film before us.

 I had no I did it was coming.

  Totally weird.

 Very cool, though.

 There was genuine surprise.

 That  was not expected.

 That was a bit of a dodgy haircut.

 Police say me a  copy as soon as you can.

 She was surprised.

 She was.

 It was a good  moment.

 Your dad said it was one of those embarrassing moments and it  was a joke in the family, but I'm guessing that Anna would have had  no knowledge of this.

 A neither of us never saw the footage of this  until the last couple of months.

 Neither will West remembers it  being filmed but Dad told the story many times.

 When she has children,  she will be able to do the same it with the presence South Today  Thank you for coming.

 It is great to me.

 All best to your sister and  her married life.

 Next Thursday of forecaster will be  examining 50 years of extreme weather in the south.

 Watch watch  happened when she went Southampton University experience horror came  force wins similar to the Great Don't miss that.

 That is next  Thursday.

 I bet you're quite Very pleased.

 It has been a  miserable day today.

 We stick with that theme through the overnight  period.

 Further patchy rain heading our way.

 We are staying mild  overnight.

 Temperatures similar to the daytime values today.

 Tonight,  heavy poles is in store for parts of Sussex, Hampshire and the Isle  of Wight, but elsewhere the rain comes and goes through tonight.

  Overnight lows dropping down to nine in ten degrees.

 Tomorrow we  have a weather advisory in place on the Met Office.

 That is the part of  Butcher, Dorset and Hampshire.

 We could see between 15 and 20 mm of  rainfall there.

 The potential for localised flooding, particularly  tricky perhaps through the morning rush-hour.

 In the morning, a wet  start of the day for most of us.

 Gradually they are banned a book  works its way out was the East.

 At last a bit of respite with some dry  weather for the course of the afternoon.

 If you're lucky you may  see some brightness out towards the west of the region.

 Sunday some  brighter skies at times.

 As we go through the overnight period that  is when we see the most of the dry weather through the night.

 Perhaps  a few spots of light rain here or there.

 It will be a cloudy affair.

  Temperatures lower than recent nights.

 As we start the weekend we  have a bit of a change.

 Another fund starts to work its way in from  the West once again.

 Not too much of a problem for Russ.

 Those  tightly packed white lines means we will see some gusty winds three  Saturday.

 Saturday's said to be decent dry day mostly.

 Perhaps some  good brightness if you one lucky.

 Sunday, this band of rain tries to  work its way towards us.

 We could

 Hello, I'm Sally Taylor.

 Welcome to  South Today.

 In tonight's programme.

 The rising cost of care why some  pensioners are hit with six-fold increases at daycentres.

 If I was  stunned, quite honestly.

 I thought, why had they doing that to  pensioners? In the dark - Southern Electric is  criticised by a council over a series of power cuts in Portsmouth.

  If they are not up to it, we need to talk to the Government about  somebody else running the electricity.

  Up for the cup.

 The managers of Brighton and Portsmouth talk about  this weekend's south coast derby.

 And 3,000 miles in two days, we're  looking at plans to smash an When you want to complain, it's  best to go to the very top.

 That's what Margaret Russell did when she  was told there's to be a six fold increase in the charges for her  husband to go to a day centre.

 She wrote to the Prime Minister to  remind him of his pledge to protect the vulnerable.

 Her husband Eric  has dementia.

 He currently pays £12 a day to attend the day centre in  Poole.

 That's going to rise to £78 a day.

 Poole Council says  Government policy means those who can afford it have to pay the full  cost.

 But that 40% of users will still get free provision.

 Let's  join Roger Finn who's in Dorset.

 This is Poole council's day-care  centre.

 It is closed at the moment, but all day there have been  steadily streams of people coming in here.

 Some people have had a  real shock in the last few weeks.

 Eric is one of them, he was told  that his bill is going up by £10,000 a year.

 That has prompted  his wife, Margaret, to write to David Cameron's saying, who can  afford these vast sums? I met the couple an early run today.

  Eric is 79 and has dementia and a heart condition and needs constant  care.

 His wife, Margaret, used to taking to the Poole day-care centre  three times a week, she got some respite and Eric enjoyed his time  in the centre.

 They paid just £12 a day, but last month, a letter  arrived to say the Daily prize would now be £78.

 I was stunned,  quite honestly.

 I thought, why are they doing that to pensioners?  felt absolutely shocked when I read the letter.

 It took me a few days  to get over what it said.

 I could not believe the prices had gone so  high.

 They bought their house over 40 years ago in the area and they  have been hit by the new policy because they have savings and the  council has decided they have the ability to pay.

 A lot of people in  the area are are asset-rich but perhaps income poor.

 With us, we  are not hard up, but we're not millionaires either.

 We are all on  a budget.

 And we could not afford to pay the fees that they're asking.

  For three days a week.

 So we had to reduce it to one day a week.

  council says about 250 people will have to pay more for care services  under their fairer contribution scheme.

 Some of them, a lot more.

  We have to justify that by saying in the fairer contributions policy  we have to charge the actual cost of services that people choose to  buy from us, if they have significant funds in the bank and  can afford it.

 Unfortunately, they will have to do so.

 It must be  remembered that up to 40 % of the people that use the services do not  make any contribution at all.

 I'm joined now by David Leighton  who's the chief officer of Age UK in Bournemouth.

 Thank you for  joining us, let's speak about the impact that these rising costs may  have on pensioners, for some people it is a huge shock.

 Yes, absolutely.

  The impact is that it makes these services that are essential to  people's quality of life much harder for them to access.

 People  can now buy what services they want with personal budgets that have  come in.

 If you see rising costs in day care centres, to you worried  that those rises will not be passed on to the Presto budget? They will  not reflect that.

 -- the personal budget.

 When the personal budgets  are rolled out, the level of budget that people receive will have to be  pinned to the cost of providing the day-care services, so if somebody  chooses not to attend the service using that budget, they will have  to receive the assessed cost of that surveyors, in lieu of the  direct service.

 We know it is difficult for councils deciding  where they will put services and what they will run, budgets are  very tight.

 It will be very difficult to see how they can cut  the cake.

 Absolutely.

 All of us in the sector recognise that these are  difficult times for our colleagues.

 What they would say is that these  are preventative services.

 These services prevent or slow, prevent  held conditions deteriorating.

 -- health conditions.

 There is further  cost down the road to the NHS.

 Bournemouth has the highest costs  for unplanned admissions, and cutting prevented of services will  make that problem worse.

 It will be interesting to see what other  councils will do.

 Thank you.

 Unison members working for the  Great Western Ambulance Trust, which serves Wiltshire, have voted  overwhelmingly to take industrial action over proposed changes in  shift patterns.

 The union claims some of the proposals have already  been forced on staff.

 Representatives have been meeting  Trust officials at the conciliation service ACAS this afternoon to try  to resolve the dispute.

 A 32-year-old man re-arrested on  suspicion of the murder of Georgina Edmonds has been released on bail.

  The 77-year-old was battered to death in her home in Brambridge,  near Eastleigh almost three years ago.

  The number of motorists caught drink driving in the Thames Valley  this Christmas has risen compared with 2009.

 Police arrested 261  drivers compared with 257 year.

 That's despite the bad weather  significantly reducing the number of vehicles on the roads in the run  up to Christmas.

 Officers say most people were caught the morning  after a heavy night out.

 It's the third power cut in a year  and it's not good enough, that's the view of the leader of  Portsmouth City council.

 Gerald Vernon Jackson has asked Southern  Electric to explain why homes and businesses were without electricity  again yesterday.

 An inquiry is underway and if the company cannot  offer assurances the council says it will go elsewhere for  Portsmouth's power.

 Danielle Glavin picks up the story.

  Candles are a permanent feature at this Spar shop in Portsmouth, not  just for the customers, but for the business incase the lights go out.

  They say they're used to short power cuts but last summer when the  power was off for a day they had to shut up shop.

 We lost a lot of  trade, and also we lost a lot of ice cream and food and we had to  throw it away.

 Did you get any compensation? Not at all.

 It's not  just businesses.

 In the summer 47,000 homes lost power.

 The  council says last January electricity died as well.

 Yesterday  the power went out here at 6:30am.

 Trying to get ready yesterday,  first day back at school, how did you get on? The alarms went off  because there was batteries in them, but we had to get ready in  torchlight which was difficult.

 Southern Electric is part of  Scottish and Southern Energy which increased some gas tariffs by 9.

4%  in December.

 It made £385 million profit in six months.

 It has  invested in the southern electric network - £120m in the past year.

  But the leader of Portsmouth Council says that is not good  enough.

 I think they need to prove to us that they are up to attend  have plans in place to make sure this does not happen in the future.

  But if they are not up to it, we need to look at somebody else  running electricity here.

 How easy would it be to do that? I do not  know, but we need to see if another company Arab to it if they are not.

  Southern Electric has apologised for the disruption and said, We are  disappointed to learn that Councillor Gerald Vernon Jackson  has concerns about the power supplies in the area and one of our  senior engineering managers is contacting him.

 Keeping the lights  on is our highest priority.

 In Amir's shop, their priority is  making sure they don't lose money and stock next time the lights go  An Army captain from Hampshire has been selected as the final member  of team which will attempt to row to the North Pole.

 The expedition  will use a boat specially built at Christchurch in Dorset.

 The team  will row as close to the pole as the melting ice allows before then  using the boat as a sledge.

 28- year-old David Mans from the New  Forest was named today as the last team member having beaten off 300  other hopefuls.

 Good luck to him.

 New Government figures have  revealed that more children in Portsmouth walk to school than  anywhere else in England.

 70% of children in the city get to classes  on foot, partly due to the flat terrain and compact city centre.

  Southampton also makes the top ten thanks to walking buses like this  one.

 But Bournemouth is one of the worst areas for the number of  children driven on the school run.

 The funeral of four-year-old Keira  Madden has taken place in West Sussex.

 Her body was found at the  family home near Bognor Regis last summer.

 On the same day her mother  Cathy Madden threw herself from cliffs.

 An inquest has yet to be  held into the circumstances surrounding their deaths.

 Mark  Sanders reports.

 On a dank, miserable day, a bright,  white coffin.

 Written in flowers, the word, monkey, her father Steve  described her after her death as his cheeky monkey, loved, nothing,  adored and adoring.

 Tributes from the family were read at the service  and her father wanted this to be a celebration of her life.

 The body  was discovered that the family home in Felpham on third July last year.

  On the same day, her mother threw herself from cliffs in East Sussex,  despite Chaplin's trying to coax away from the edge of the cliff.

  She was going through a divorce and the father was that living with  them.

 When police found a cure out here, there was a note from Cappi  claiming that they had been at the beach a previous day and that era  had slipped and drowned.

 Tests indicated that the little girl was  likely to have drowned, but officers say they will never know  the full circumstances that led up to her death.

 An inquest is now due  to be held to try and piece together what happened to both  Family and friends remembering Keira Madden.

  Shoppers in the South are already having to deal with the increase in  VAT.

 Now traders say increases to parking charges will drive people  away from our high streets.

 Councils are seeing the extra  revenue as a way of plugging shortfalls in their budgets,  following cuts from central government.

 Both Guildford and  Winchester have already announced increases, as Jo Kent reports.

  From April, you are going to have to find a bit more loose change if  you want to park in killed for it.

 The council is raising prices at  most of its car parks, promising to invest in return.

 We are getting  the funding cut from the government and we have to balance the books  and one of the ways we can try to balance the books is increasing  some of our charges because otherwise, we have to increase  council tax for our residents or cut services.

 Charges at short-stay  car parks are going up 10%, from £1 up to £1.

10.

 Long-stay car-park  charges are increasing by an average of 10%.

 But the council  decided against a hefty increase to Sunday parking charges.

 Even so,  some people are worried the impact will be felt on the high street.

  People like this cafe owner.

 Inflation is way below those  charges so if they are going up 10%, then it is really going to affect  people's pockets and therefore it affects spending power were.

 Will  the charges but shoppers off? will affect people coming to do  their shopping, it is a great place to shop, but you have to think  about the charges.

 A lot of public sector workers have a pay freeze so  it will affect them more.

 I don't live in Guildford but obviously it  is a big consideration.

 If in Winchester, the city council is  introducing a charge to park on a Sunday, saying it is a realistic  measure to help meet the costs imposed by the government through  the VAT.

 The council have got to make a careful balance between  parking charges, the revenue they raise from that, but also  businesses in Winchester and driving people to out of town  shopping centres away from the city centre is not smart, particularly  at this time.

 The government recently encouraged councils to cut  parking charges but with all local authorities strapped for cash, the  temptation for extra revenue may mean more councils follow Guildford  and Winchester.

 Still to come in this evening's  South Today: How staff past and present marked 50 years of BBC  South.

 Onto sport now.

 FA Cup weekend.

 We  have a nice tie.

 I thought you were talking about  mine! You are right.

 Everyone gets very excited.

  Portsmouth have one of the best FA Cup records of any club in recent  seasons.

 Winners in 2008.

 Runners- up last year.

 And their challenge  for this year's competition starts with a local derby, which couldn't  be much tougher.

 They've not been playing badly but Pompey are  struggling in the Championship and they face the team of the season so  Portsmouth have made it all the way along the road to Wembley twice in  recent seasons.

 This FA Cup journey starts with a short trip along the  A27 to Brighton.

 If you were to give Brighton perhaps this game and  promotion for sure, they would not want this game, they would want  promotion and to go into their new stadium in the championship.

  Portsmouth have conceded nine goals in their past three matches.

  don't envisage getting the defence settled by the end of the season.

 I  really don't see that happening.

 While Pompey have been leaking  goals, Albion have been scoring for fun.

 Eight in three.

 Six points  clear at the top of League One.

 And a chance to rotate the squad  tomorrow.

 We will always have someone we have to rely on in the  last month who may be was not playing enough in December and  January so we need to make sure the players are ready.

 I promise the  fans we will not change too much but yes, two or three changes.

  Neighbouring cities.

 In neighbouring counties.

 Joined by a  tarmac umbilical chord.

 And equidistant between them, one place  where loyalties may be divided.

 Brighton all the way.

 Pompey will  be too strong.

 Brighton will win.

 Every football season is a long,  hard road.

 For Brighton or Portsmouth, this FA Cup journey  will end in round three.

 Details of the BBC local radio  commentary as govern across the screen.

 -- commentary going across  the screen.

 Brighton's game with Portsmouth isn't the only enticing  Cup tie this weekend.

 Tony Husband's been in our virtual FA  Cup studio to take a look at the others.

  There are three other FA Cup ties across the region this weekend, and  they've all got classic FA cup ingredients.

 Let's start at the  Madejski Stadium in Reading for a repeat of last year's fifth round  tie between the Royals and West Brom.

 Reading won that tie before  being knocked out in the quarter- finals.

 Albion have lost their last  five games in the Premier League.

 Reading are in good form and their  boss Brian McDermott is positive about challenging in league and cup.

  There is a special kind of atmosphere I believe in the FA Cup.

  They will bring a big crowd, West Brom, I am sure.

 There will be a  decent crowd at the game and it is a different kind of atmosphere.

 It  is something I really enjoy it and the players will do, too.

  Another Premier League side visiting the South is Blackpool but  their boss, Ian Holloway, says he will play a weakened team against  Southampton.

 Saints will fancy this at St Mary's, resurgent in the  league and with a team likely to want to prove they are the equal of  their opponents, despite the two- division gap.

 Here's Nigel Adkins  with some inspirational talk.

 have got to it believed to achieve,  that is the saving, and why not? -- you have got to believe to achieve.

  Our home form has been good.

 We have been scoring a lot of goals.

  Whatever the score, but I am sure it will be entertaining for the  supporters and that is what it is all about.

  Southampton and Reading hoping to be in the fourth round draw which  is on Sunday but already, there are Crawley of the non-league because  they don't host championship side Derby until Monday night.

 Who's  going to join them in the hat? We'll find out tomorrow.

  England wrapped up a landmark series victory in the Ashes  overnight.

 After Matt Prior got at home in Sydney yesterday, Chris  Tremlett got the celebrations of to a splendid start with the final  wicket of the series.

 His father was watching back home with his  former county hoping to benefit from the feel-good factor next  summer.

 It certainly won't do any harm.

 We have our first Test  against Sri Lanka in June.

 It would be nice if Chris was involved,  Southampton born and bred.

 Everything is very positive.

  Congratulations to one of the region's leading sailors and his  fiancee.

 Alex Thomson and cake became the proud parents of baby  Oscar this afternoon.

 Alex will find out this weekend whether he  may be able to rejoin the Barcelona Congratulations to Alex and his  partner.

 A great night last night.

 We will talk about that in just a  moment.

 Happy 50th birthday, South Today, but before that we have been  to the London Boat Show.

 This is the record for the fastest crossing  of the Atlantic at a commercial vessel and it is a record much-  prized a mud people with a taste for speed at sea.

 -- amongst people.

  Can we take the title back from the Americans? We went to find out.

  At the moment this is all there is of the challenger.

 Plans, dreams.

  But at the London Boat Show today, two men took the first step in  turning it into reality.

 David Aitken and Martin Spooner went  public with their plans after years of developing a special design for  a special challenge.

 In 1986 Richard Branson said NUT eastbound  transatlantic speed record but was not awarded the Hales Trophy  because his boat was not a commercial vessel.

 This team is  hoping to get the vessel cast as commercial and wants to shake 20  hours of the crossing, and do it in two days.

 It is phenomenally  exciting.

 This is boy is only stuff.

 It is part of the drive of doing it.

  The main reason is to showcase the inventions which we have and there  is no better way really to showcase them than to put them into this  event.

 The team hopes their boat could interest Serie operators or  even the military.

 -- a ferry operators.

 A company has got on  board to help the challenge a avoid debris in the Atlantic.

 A boat  travelling at 17 knots across the water, up one of its biggest  problems is daybreak -- 70 knots.

 Any other large objects, trees,  cars, or whatever.

 Our software actually it detects that debris and  alerts the crew on board to make an alternate route.

 The team is now  trying to raise £65 million to try to make the record attempt in 2013.

  Quite a challenge ahead! Now to the big celebrations last night, the  50th birthday of South Today.

 Many people turned up.

 The guests had  worked in front of and behind the cameras since 1961.

 I was standing  with Michael Lancaster, the programme's first ever presenter.

  never thought 50 years ago that the programme would still be going as  strong as it is and people often ask me about that and I say, I was  the first presenter and it was 50 years ago and the programme is  still going strong.

 That says something about the programme and  the people who present it.

 Wonderful, delightful man and he  looks a fabulous.

 And still working!  We should say the birthday dinner was organised and paid for by staff  at small point.

 Plenty of other staff were there and you may  recognise some of these faces.

 will always be eternally grateful  for the start that South Today gave me and the people that taught me  what little I know about television and great fun we had.

 I enjoyed  every single day of my life at work.

 There wasn't a single day ever when  I did not want to go to work.

 Even if I did not want to get up and go  there was a call from Mark Byford saying, get up! I am grateful for  everything I learned whilst I was at the BBC South Today.

 The most  important thing I learnt was never go to the toilet wearing a radio  mike and talking to yourself.

 drink a toast to the success of  South Today and the present team and with the wish that as many of  the present team will also be here to celebrate the centenary in 2061.

  It was quite a night with some fabulous people.

 People we had  worked with, people we met for the first time.

 It was an evening of  nostalgia.

 As I said last night, none of this would be such a  success without our viewers to thank you very much for being there  for us and we will continue to do the next 50 years, who knows.

  I doubt I will be here in 50 years but you never know!  We could be he with our Zuma It has been a gloomy day today and  we have an improving picture for A grey day at Marsh Lock in  Hungerford.

 Thanks to Ken Rayner for that photo.

 I can promise  better things in store for this weekend.

 A bit of respite for now  but we have got further rain arriving later tonight.

 You can see  from the satellite picture, lot of cloud bringing that the rain with  it.

 Through this evening, we will see quite a bit of cloud, perhaps  some hill fog and then the blue stuff arrives, pushing him from the  south-west.

 1 or two heavy breasts.

 Temperatures fairly similar to  today -- heavy bursts.

 Not that area of low pressure will continue  to work its way out towards the North East so once it clears away  we will see some brighter skies behind it, so brightness on the  horizon behind the rain.

 Tomorrow a bit of a gloomy start.

 Some top  missed first thing, the damp will clear away and from the West we  will start to see some brightness.

 Sunny skies.

 Temperatures down on  today.

 We will probably keep much of the clear skies overnight as  well so we might see a touch of frost but with enough breeze,  temperatures are making it above freezing.

 A decent day on Sunday  all in all.

 Staying bright and fine.

 Likely to stay largely dried.

 Wet  weather could just moved in but all in all, a fairly decent day.

 It  will feel cold and crisp if you are venturing out.

 So make the most of  this weekend.

 Sunny skies to enjoy it once we get rid of the rain into  tomorrow morning.

 On Monday we have wet and windy weather heading our  way and some mild air by the time we get to midweek next week.

 You  can go on to the website for a full look at the local weather where you  are or listen to your local BBC

 Good evening and welcome to BBC  Points West.

 The headlines tonight: Joanna's  best friend calls for justice.

 She appeals for help in solving the  crime that has broken her heart.

 Obviously if any body that might  have information hasn't yet been in contact with the police then I just  beg that they please do that.

 Outdated and ripe the closure - is  the writing on the wall for Gloucester's Victorian prison?  Also tonight: making good progress, at least Bristol's exam results are  well off the bottom.

 And, down to the last three - the  young footballers backing for a Joanna Yeates's best friend has  been talking about the night she went missing.

 Rebecca Scott got a  message from the police and says she knew immediately that something  was very wrong.

 Rebecca had been friends with Jo since they were 15  and helped in the search for her in Bristol, in the week she was  reported missing.

 Emma Campbell has more.

  A sad goodbye to her friend of 10 years.

 Rebecca Scott was supposed  to meet Joanna Yeates on Christmas Eve.

 They spoke on the telephone to  arrange it on December 17th, the last day Jo was seen alive.

 I knew  something was wrong.

 I think we all did.

 As soon as I found out her  possessions were in the flat, you know, that was it.

 I knew she  hadn't left the house of her own intention.

 This interview was  filmed and edited by the police and released to us by them.

 We don't  know what questions she was asked, but the pain of her loss is clear.

  Then it was just a case really of whether she was still alive.

  Whether she was being kept alive by someone, or if she was debt relief.

  -- debt relief.

 I think we all were in denial about the situation, but  deep down everyone knew something was wrong.

  This afternoon professional cleaners were at work in the flat  belonging to Christopher Jefferies, Jo's landlord he was arrested in  connection with her murder and later released.

 Meanwhile, new  helicopter pictures give a clear idea of the area where Joanna was  last seen alive.

 The pub on Park Street which she left at about 8pm.

  The supermarket where she stopped to buy pizza, and her flat in  Clifton.

 You can also see the spot three miles a very -- away where  her body was found.

 Where from the air you see what is not obvious  from the ground - how close it is to the quarry.

 Claims in some  newspapers today that a DNA sample has been found on Jo's body are not  being confirmed by police.

 Detectives are busy sifting through  information they gathered from the public on Friday three weeks since  Joanne disappeared, still hoping for a new clues.

  Three men have appeared before magistrates in Bristol accused of  kidnap.

 The men, who are all Chinese nationals, are accused of  holding a woman hostage at a house in Fishponds.

 Two are also charged  with robbery.

 The men, aged 21, 22 and 26, were remanded in custody  until a hearing at Bristol Crown Court next week.

  A 61-year-old man from Gloucester is seriously ill in hospital after  being found in a street with injuries to his head and face.

 The  police say he was found lying on the pavement in Wellington Street.

  A man in his forties has been arrested on suspicion of causing  actual bodily harm.

 The Governor of Gloucester prison  has told BBC Points West he fears it could close within three years.

  His comments come on the day of a critical inspection report  highlighting a desperate need for investment at the Victorian built  jail.

 The government is looking to close about 20 prisons across the  UK.

 Scott Ellis reports.

 Fierce today that Gloucester prison  has been handed to a death sentence.

 A report just published is critical.

  Inspectors found that vulnerable prisoners here were targeted for  abuse and bullying, all accommodation was in poor condition,  outside areas were grubby, and many inmates were locked in cells for up  to 22 hours.

 All problems caused by old buildings which are not up to  standard.

 It needs capital funding to address those issues, and one of  the questions the prison system is going to have to think about is  whether how high up the list of priorities that is to address.

 It  clearly needs investment.

 Governor he estimates and upgrade  will cost £25 million.

 But he doesn't think that is about to  happen because the Government wants to lose 3,000 prison places and  around 28 prisons are on the hit- list.

 We probably are on the hit-  list, yes.

 Of closure in a few years? Of closure in a few years,  but no more address the than other jails in a similar position.

  Obviously it is not some whether to really want to contemplate or  consider because I have got a very good and committed workforce, for  whom closure would be an absolute disaster.

 Victorian Gloucester has  to compete with newer prisons, one about to open in the Midlands will  take more than 2000 inmates.

 Hardly local, but more economic for the  Prison Service if they shoved Gloucester.

 It would be a massive  blow for families and communities and even a prisoner relationships  for local release.

 Their families would have to travel longer  distances to visit.

 Staff here have not lost hope yet.

 There is talk of  converting this into a smaller community prison.

 If that doesn't  come off, Gloucestershire could lose his only prison.

  You are watching your regional news programme on this wet evening.

 Do  stay with us because there is much more still to bring you, including:  it has been a long struggle, but was today the first time this  special 12-year-old took his first steps? Find out shortly.

  And, we are at the Bristol Hippodrome where we have come  backstage because something very cool has been happening here all  day long.

 I am not going to give you the details just yet.

 We will  keep that story on ice.

 A family who were torn apart by  abuse have finally been reunited after 22 years.

 Evidence from the  three siblings saw their 80-year- old father start a 14 year jail  sentence last month.

 Donald Lear was charged with 23 counts of rape  and gross indecency.

 Some of you may find few Fiona Lambdin's report  disturbing.

 I was only three years old and she  bought -- poured a kettle of boiling water over my arm.

 I  remember the skin peeling off.

 I was not taken to hospital, it was  just left to heel on its own.

 I remember the most, being plunged  and forced into scalding hot baths.

 I would screen very loudly and  tried to get out.

 I would plead with my mother, it is too hot, it  is too hot, and being forced to get in.

 This was daily life for the  Lear children, growing up in Bristol 40 years ago.

 It was like  living in a prison.

 There were buyers on all of the downstairs  windows.

 Depravation - we did not have food, we didn't have any  clothing as such, and we also were physically abused.

 I was actually  at one time they've in bleach and washing powder which left burn  marks on my skin.

 It wasn't just physical abuse.

 Kirsten was raped  by her father as her mother watched on.

 There was no remorse, no sign  of guilt or any of it.

 I wanted to kill myself shortly after that.

  for her younger sister Virginia, it was a similar story.

 You would come  out crime, there was nothing you could do.

 Nobody would believe you  anyway.

 For the next 22 years, these siblings had no contact with  each other as they tried to forget their appalling childhood.

 But, a  year and a half ago, Vince could no longer keep their past a secret.

  One night he rang the police and told them everything.

 I couldn't  have it remain on my conscience that I did nothing, that this man  would die a knowing that he got away with it.

 For decades after the  abuse at the age of 80, their father, Donald Lear, was finally  jailed for 14 years.

 When my dad was sentenced and taken down to  prison, it was his last day of freedom, but the very first day of  hours.

 Yes, I would go along with that.

 Definitely.

 After years of  silence, their fight has finally brought justice for the crimes they  suffered for so long.

 Now their greatest fear is that others, too,  may still be living with this terrible secret.

 We to believe  thereat other people that he may have affected.

 If we can reach out  to those people and stress to them that it is worth coming forward,  you can change your life by unloading all this guilt that is  not yours, put the shame where it belongs, with the perpetrators, and  not with yourselves.

 Some children have such a hard life, what a brave  family.

 If you have been affected by any of the issues in Fiona's  report, called the BBC Action Line: there you can hear a list of  organisations which can help you.

 Calls are free from a land line.

  Mobile operators will charge.

 Love them or hate them, the school  league tables were published today on the back of last summer's GCSE  results.

 And practically all of our local authorities achieved better  than the national average.

 For example, in Gloucestershire 58% got  at least five GCSEs at grade A to C, including maths and English.

 In  Somerset, the figure is 54%.

 In Wiltshire, it is 56%.

 And in Dorset,  though, these results were the best yet on their current measurements.

  After languishing for years at the bottom nationally, their success  rate is now 46%.

 Still not great, but going in the right direction.

  Sally Challoner reports.

 Year after year we have reported  Bristol City Council at or near the very bottom for the national league  tables.

 In Bristol, most people are leaving school.

.

.

 Last year's  figure in Bristol was 36%.

.

.

 Oh we have to say that everybody in the  city.

.

.

 They know parents will want somebody to blame.

.

.

 Year after  year they promised to make it better.

 Today they delivered.

  Across the city, 46% of pupils got the results needed to lift the  council from the bottom 11 places up the league table.

 They are  delighted, but not complacent.

 have to have schools working  together, working with the local authority, whether they are  academies, maintained schools, trust schools, and it is that  collaboration and fostering of excellence which will help us move  forward.

 This is one of the city's success stories.

 Bedminster Down  School had his best ever result.

 The language of success, high  expectations, good teaching and co- operation with the council.

 There  has been an increased focus on results and outcomes, and actually  getting away from the sort of a softer discussions that we used to  have with local-authority is to a much more hard-edged focus on the  quality of teaching and learning, and the quality of student outcomes.

  And being totally relentless on pursuing that has been -- paid  dividends.

 In the past, thousands of secondary pupils left the city  every day to attend schools elsewhere.

 Today, just 18% had  beyond the boundaries, and the council has them in their sides,  too.

 Elsewhere, ironically, good news for Culverhay School in Bath.

  It is schedule to close, but last year achieved the best value added  score in the area.

 This looks at how well pupils are progressing  when all factors are taken into account.

 Cold comfort for parents  who have been very -- fighting the closure, even as their children sat  exams.

 If you want to check on your school or local authority, all the  A leading brain surgeon in the West is warning parents of babies with  abnormally shaped heads not to rush out to buy specialist helmets.

  There has been a big rise in companies offering solutions for  flat head syndrome, which can be caused by infants spending too long  lying in the same position.

 But private clinics claim the NHS is  not taking the condition seriously Vanessa Lu is so worried about the  shape of her son's head that she's spent nearly £2,000 for treatment  at this private clinic.

 When Leo was two months old she noticed a  flatness across the back of his head.

 I started to feel very  But through wearing a specially moulded helmet, Leo's head is  already a more normal shape.

 It's designed to allow natural growth in  the flat area to catch up with the more rounded part of the head.

  Vanessa Lu says her GP was not willing to refer Leo for NHS  treatment.

 As an unemployed single mum, she has been raising money to  pay for the treatment.

 This hospital in Bristol is the only one  in England to set up a helmet service for the most severe cases.

  Less severe cases do tend to correct themselves naturally but  the more severe cases we feel they need a little help to encourage  nature to do what nature does best.

 Glossy adverts are fuelling demand  from parents of children less badly affected.

 But is it really worth  the money? Not according to this expert who says the condition  should correct itself as children grow.

 He is even warning that some  private companies may not have the medical expertise to spot  potentially dangerous conditions when flatness may be caused by the  bones of the skull fusing together too soon.

 Not all of those  organisations are necessarily fronted up by clinicians and not  all of them have a specific interest in childhood head  disorders.

 Certainly, we take the opinion that there are problems  underlying the condition that are important to work up.

 But the  private clinic being used by baby Leo say they have the skill to spot  more serious conditions, but the NHS has not taken their concern  seriously.

 Unfortunately, even though we have written a letter in  support of that and scans, GPs are unwilling to send them on through.

  The Frenchay unit plans to do a long-term study on to find out if  using helmets for plagiocephaly is better than relying on nature.

 It's  only when that question is fully answered that parents will be able  to make a more informed choice.

 Sport.

 The new Bristol Rovers  manager says he needs to improve the fitness of his squad.

 Last  night, Dave Penney saw his new side score twice in two minutes early in  the second half to take the lead against bottom club Walsall.

 Will  Hoskins and Jo Kuffour the scorers.

 But former Rovers player Aaron  Lescott got a late equaliser to deprive the new manager of a win in  his first game.

 There were few people stretching out there for the  last 20 minutes.

 That his lack of match fitness.

 It to take to all  three games to get them up to tempo.

 So some hope for the new man but  Rovers are still three points adrift of safety in the relegation  zone at the bottom of league one.

 Now how about a footballing X  factor! After months of gruelling trials, three amateur footballers  are just days away from finding out which of them has won a contract at  Swindon Town.

 The club's search for a professional competition started  last year with over 3,000 hopefuls.

 Now, the final three are training  with the squad this week before the Hiding their nerves well as they  arrived to train with the first team squad.

 Into the dressing room  to get ready for the biggest week in their footballing lives.

 I have  not experienced anything like this before.

 It has been a long process  getting here.

 Around 3,500 amateur players registered for the  competition and have come through a number of trials to test their  fitness and skills.

 Now just three have made it to the final.

 As well  as midfielder George Nash from Chippenham, there's striker Jordan  Pavett from London and also winger Tyler Campbell who's playing for  Waltham Abbey in Essex.

 The trio now have a final chance to make  their mark this week under the watchful eye on manager Danny  Wilson, who'll make the final decision.

 There was a little bit of  nerves when we first met them.

 That is understandable.

 It is like new  kids going to school.

 They have been doing very well.

 Is it  possible to find a rough diamond in this way? Of course.

 We have seen  it over the number of years.

 Charlie Austin has proved dreams  can come true.

 Plucked from non- league football 18 months ago, he's  now one of the hottest properties in the league.

 The thing they could  have done a little better but I thought it did well.

 I thought I  did well.

 I am confident.

 Just to be here is great.

 It is a pleasure  to be playing with some of these players.

 Decision day is Friday.

  For one, life is about to change Today was the day a 12-year-old boy  from Somerset boy has dreamt about for years.

 The day he would find  out if he could walk unaided for the first time.

 Michael McKenzie  has undergone numerous operations after being born with one leg  substantially shorter than the For a young boy, waiting for  anything is a chore.

 But Michael McKenzie has waited 12 years just  for this day to arrive.

 Michael is back at Bristol Children's Hospital  to finally see his new leg.

 mother and I have waited my whole  life for this.

 To see my leg as long as the other one.

 Born with  one leg dramatically shorter than the other.

 Michael and his mum have  battled to achieve this moment since doctors urged them to  amputate.

 Ginette sold her house in Blackpool and raised £80,000 for  Michael to be treated in America.

 Now the family, who moved to Weston  especially for follow-up surgery in Bristol, believe their sacrifices  have been worth it.

 I want to see him take his first steps.

 Most  mothers have seen that by the state.

 So time for celebrations.

 With his  plaster cast removed Michael reveals the improvement.

 I have  lengthened 10 centimetres in one year.

 Altogether, I have lengthened  by 30 centimetres.

 And time to test drive his new limb.

 Such ground-  breaking surgery has been very painful but any bad memories seem  to have vanished.

 It felt fantastic.

 As I was walking along, my right  foot kept skimming across the ground.

 It felt great.

 Michael  faces further corrective surgery, but most importantly for him, will  be fitted with a built-up shoe to make up the last few centimetres.

 A  perfect fit for a soon to be We have been receiving reports of  sub-zero temperatures inside a theatre.

  How do you transform a theatre stage into an ice rink? I should  think it's quite a challenge! That's been the challenge facing  the Bristol Hippodrome today as it prepares to stage Peter Pan on Ice  tomorrow evening.

 So how's it all going? This will be Peter Pan on  ice.

 They are laying crushed ice on stage.

 They are turning it into an  ice rink.

 We have been recording all the comings and goings.

 They  brought in bits of plastic, sheeting and wood.

 Now they're  bringing in the ice.

 How do you turn a stage into an ice rink?  is a simple process.

 We start out by building a baking tray on the  stage.

 Of them we lay about 10 miles of pipe work.

 That is  connected to the chilling a unit.

 We felt that with 4,000 litres of  anti-freeze.

 Then we put four tons of crushed ice on top.

 That is to  give us a head start in the freezing process.

 10,000 litres of  water have to be added after this.

 These pipes are the key.

 There is  about 10 miles of them in total.

 The temperature is -18 Celsius at  the moment.

 We need to get the ice down and add the first layer of  water.

 We have to make sure that is frozen before we turn them on.

 The  ice will only be about two inches thick when we have finished.

 It  does not take a lot.

 How about this programme on ice? Know.

 I cannot  believe the transformation.

 It has been a grim and grey old day.

  Are the prospects looking brighter I am afraid not.

 All of us have had  a pretty good soaking today.

 Tomorrow, more of the same.

 Still  very mild for this time of year.

 The rainfall totals from last  The wind significant again today.

 The temperatures were the fact that  today.

 Into double figures.

 Staying overnight and tomorrow.

 A few  breaks in places, but not much respite from the rain.

 It will stay  with us for the bulk of the evening.

 Temperature is a real feature.

 We  hold on to the same conditions this evening and tonight.

 Heavy rain for  tomorrow.

 It is a mild start.

 Temperatures into double figures  from the word go.

 More rain pushing end.

 The winds will be even  stronger.

 Temperatures could be up a degree or two.

 Eventually, things  will begin to quieten.

 It is not until Friday that the low pressure  system trundles away.

 Still wet

 Good afternoon.

  Protesters have been gathering again on the streets of the  Egyptian capital, Cairo, on the fifth straight day of  demonstrations calling for the resignation of President Hosni  Mubarak.

 There've been reports of gunfire and plumes of white tear  gas smoke could be seen across the city, as the security forces tried  to disperse the protesters.

 Eye witnesses say live rounds have been  used in clashes in the city of Alexandria.

  Cairo is in flames.

 This the headquarters of President Mubarak's  ruling NDP party.

 The people of Egypt couldn't have sent him a  clearer message.

 The main square of the Arab world's bigst and most  important capital is like a war zone.

 The streets for now, the  property of anti-government protesters.

 This is how the  protesters have responded to Hosni Mubarak ease appearance on  television last night and his decision to remain in power.

  Burntout military vehicles.

 The headquarters of the national party  burnt out.

 No riot police on the street.

 The army are doing their  best to keep control but the situation is precarious, dangerous  and this popular uprising is still very much alive.

  It's abundantly clear that in his speech it the nation, President  Mubarak simply didn't go far enough.

 I have asked the Government to  tender its resignation today.

 As of tomorrow, I shall give the new  Government clear and particular tasks to deal decisively with the  priorities of the current situation.

 I say, once more, that I shall not  stop or refrain in taking any measures that will guarantee every  Egyptian man and woman their security and safety.

  This is more than just an Egyptian, more than just another Arab crisis.

  It's a popular uprising that is causing shockwaves around the world  and brought careful words of warning from Egypt's most important  ally.

 I believe that the Egyptian people want the same things that we  all want - a better life for ourselves and our children and a  Government that is fair and just and responsive.

  Put simply: the Egyptian people want a future that befits the heirs  to a great and ancient civilation.

 With protests continuing across the  country, this have been reports of as many as 35 deaths in Cairo,  Alexandria and Suez.

 Whether President Mubarak becomeles from  the pressure and how the Egyptian army responds are the key questions.

  -- whether President Mubarak buckles.

 Lyse Doucet joins me from  Cairo.

 Is it still very tense on the streets? Very tense in one part  of Cairo at least, where tens of thousands of protesters have now  flooded what is called at that hir square, which translates from  Arabic into Liberation Square -- Tahrir Square.

 They are calling it  the fifth day of rage and saying "Go, go, go, Mubarak must go.

" What  is different about the face of the machine yesterday and for the  previous four days was the face of the riot police.

 Today it is the  army.

 They put that I tanks and armoured personnel carriers into  position at key junctions.

 There hasn't been confrontation, the army  hasn't opened fire.

 Right now it is a stand-off.

 But it will grow  because protesters continue to move into that part of Cairo where they  know - they don't have the internet now to be able to organise but they  know that's the place to go to make their voices heard.

 The Foreign  Office is advising all but essential travel to the affected  areas.

 Joe Lynam is with me.

 Egypt is a popular tourist destination.

  Yes for its sun and the historical attractions.

 Around 11,000 UK  people in Egypt at the moment.

 The vast majority are in Sharm el  Sheikh, the Red Sea resort which has hitherto been unaffected.

 The  advice, as you say, is against all non-essential travel but mostly to  the top four cities of Cairo, Luxor, Suez and Alexandria.

 They are also  being advised to stay in and abide by the curfew but they are not yet  saying British people should leave.

 So the advice is stay in, abide by  the curfew and don't go unless it is essential to those four cities.

  The UK and the United States have both advised against all but  essential travel it Cairo.

 For continuous updates, there is a  special live page on our wb site bringing to the latest news.

 -- on  our website.

 The Deputy Governor of  Afghanistan's southern Kandahar province has been killed in a  suicide attack.

 A suicide bomber attacked Abdul Latif Ashna's convoy  as he was being driven to work in Kandahar city.

 His spokesman said a  suicide bomber on a motor cycle slammed into his car.

 Three of his  bodyguards were injured in the attack.

  Three people have died after a fire broke out at a block of flats in  Glasgow.

 Fire crews were called to a flat in Acre Road in merry hill  late last night.

 The three were rescued but despite efforts to  resuscitate them, they were confirmed dead at the scene.

  The Upper House of the Irish Parliament, the Senate is expected  to pass the finance Bill today.

 The Bill will raise income tax and  close tax loopholes and it is a condition of Ireland's 85 billion  euro bailout package.

 It'll allow the Prime Minister to bring the  current Parliament to an end and call an election.

  Students are joining forces with trade unionists in protests in  Manchester and London today.

 They are angry about spending accounts  and the rise in tuition fees.

 The

 Good afternoon.

 British helicopters  have come under fire from Colonel Gaddafi's forces as they attacked  targets in Libya for the first time.

 French helicopters also took part  in the raids.

 The Apaches were tasked with two precision strikes  in the oil town of Brega.

 One was at a radar site, the other an armed  military checkpoint.

 Our defence correspondent, Jonathan Beale, sent  this report from HMS Ocean.

 It's the new front line off the coast of  Libya, a Royal Navy warship with the proof that Britain's stepping  up the offensive, four Apache helicopters, the latest weapons  about to be launched against Colonel Gaddafi's forces.

 It's a  mission that comes with added risks.

 The Apaches can identify a wider  range of targets, but they'd also be flying lower and slower than  other NATO warplanes, more vulnerable to attacks from the  ground.

 There is a range of risks - ultimately, a prolific small-arms  threat, rocket-propelled grenades.

 There are a number of surface-to-  air missile systems in the theatre.

 Under the cover of darkness, they  took off for their first strikes over Libya itself.

 Soon, they'd be  within range of their targets.

 Well, you can see the lights of the  Libyan coast in the background.

 We're within 20 miles of Libya  itself.

 Those Apaches that just left we have just been told will  strike targets within the area of Brega.

 From the deck, we could see  the impact of the Apache's hell fire missiles, creating flashes of  light in the darkness.

 Within two hours, they were on their way back.

  For the air crew, who did not want to be identified, relief it had  gone according to plan.

 We struck a military radar installation on the  coast, which we destroyed with hell-fire missiles, and we also  destroyed a vehicle at a military vehicle checkpoint.

 This was a  carefully-calculated risk - strikes at night on targets close to show,  all monitored from the ship's operations room with rescue teams  primed and ready should anything go wrong.

 This time the mission had  been accomplished.

 But the Apaches and HMS Ocean, there will be more  missions.

 Their arrival certainly marks an escalation, but there is  no guarantee they can bring a swift end to NATO's bombing campaign.

  Live now to Wyre Davies who's in Tripoli.

 Has there been any  reaction there? There's been no reaction from the Libyan Government  specifically to what happened last night in the east of the country,  but ever since it was announced by NATO that the helicopters would be  going in, the Libyans have said this is further proof that the goal  really here is regime change, even the assassination of Colonel  Gaddafi and not this initial goal of protecting civilians and  enforcing a no-fly zone.

 Of course, it wasn't just British helicopters  involved last night.

 There were also at least two French  helicopters that attacked targets as well.

 These are moderately-  defended targets.

 The town of Brega is a key town in eastern Libya.

 The  rebels have been trying to push out and take Brega for several weeks  now.

 Perhaps by attacking specific targets in and around Brega, they  will help the rebel army in the next few days and weeks push out  from their bases.

 I would be surprised if the helicopters were  used to attack heavily defended targets in and around Tripoli,  because as we have seen, those helicopters last night came under  fire, and NATO certainly doesn't want to risk one being brought down.

  Given what you said and what's happened, do you think this  particular mission is an indication that we might see more of this sort  of thing? Well, NATO was quite clear.

 They said that this was a  very clear warning to Colonel Gaddafi, by stepping up the  campaign.

 There have been almost 10,000 sorties by jets since March  the 31st, and now by bringing helicopters into the military  theatre as well, there is a very clear message there to the Gaddafi  regime - that is the message from NATO itself.

 I would imagine over  the next few days and weeks, many more attacks and operations will be  taking place, yes.

 Thank you.

 A British soldier has been killed  in southern Afghanistan.

 The soldier from The Highlanders, 4th  Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland, was fatally wounded  during an insurgent attack in the Lashkar Gah district of Helmand  Province.

 His family has been informed.

  Four people killed in an explosion at an oil refinery in West Wales  have been named by police.

 The bodies of the three men and one  woman were removed from the scene at the Pembroke Refinery last night.

  A fifth worker is in a critical but stable condition in hospital.

 Let's  speak to our Wales correspondent, Colette Hume.

 Colette.

 Well, Maxine,  the bodies of the four victims were removed, as you say, from this  refinery last night, and police and forensic experts are now working to  formally identify them.

 In the last 30 minutes or so, the police have  told us the names of the four victims.

 They are 48-year-old  Robert Broome, a father of seven, Dennis Riley, a 52-year-old  grandfather and father of two, 54- year-old Julie Jones, a mother of  one and a grandmother of one and Andrew Jenkins, aged just 33, the  father of young twins, 12 children today who are without a parent.

 The  police removed those bodies last night, and those investigations are  continuing.

 The Health and Safety Executive and chevron have also  launched their own inquiries and in local churches across the area,  books of condolence have been opened.

 Thank you.

  Ten fire crews were called to a waste oil disposal storage facility  overnight to tackle a serious fire close to Kingsnorth Power Station  in Kent.

 The blaze initially involved two road tankers but  quickly spread to the depot where oil storage containers caught light,  sending burning oil onto nearby 

 A country in crisis, Japan's Prime  Minister calls it the worst since the Second World War.

 There are  fears the death toll will rise dramatically.

 Hundreds of thousands  evacuated and tested for radiation amid fears of a meltdown at a  nuclear power station.

 More troops are drafted in to help  the rescue effort, and electricity is now being rationed.

  These latest pictures show the scale of devastation the moment the  tsunami struck.

 We will have the latest live from  the scene.

 Also tonight: In Libya, the rebels are in retreat as pro-  Gaddafi forces retake more towns.

 Nick Clegg tells his party he will  not lose his soul, despite the decisions he has that in making  And in the lands keep their Grand Slam hopes alive with victory over  Hello, good evening.

 The Japanese Prime Minister has said the country  is facing its worst crisis since the Second World War, and there are  fears the death toll could reach tens of thousands.

 People have been  warned to brace themselves for more major aftershocks of the next 72  hours.

 There are continued fears over the coaling systems on nuclear  plants damaged by the quake.

 -- cooling systems.

 Hundreds of  thousands of residents have been evacuated.

 Today the country  doubled the number of troops involved in the rescue effort and  introduce rolling blackouts to ration electricity.

 We will report  the fears over the safety of the book Rishi nuclear plant in a  moment, but first Damian Grammaticas sent this report from  Sendai.

 -- Fukushima.

 In the distance, the skyscrapers of  Sendai.

 All around his destruction, and the team is searching.

  Thousands are still missing.

 Few could have survived this.

 In this  field alone, I counted over 50 cars swept aside by the tsunami.

 Amid  the devastation, we came across this woman.

 She was unable to find  their bearings because the tsunami has altered everything.

 She was  writing her horse when the earthquake struck.

 She jumped in  Air car and fled as the waves approach.

 -- in her car.

  TRANSLATION: The traffic lights had stopped working, and there was  massive congestion, rows of cars.

 Words fail me, because there is  nothing here.

 The things that are supposed to be here, everything is  Then she just stood where she was, rooted to the spot, bewildered.

 But  others did not have run the tsunami.

 We watched as the teams found one  more of the missing.

 Drowned in their car.

 More than 200 bodies  have been recovered in this area alone, and the police chief for the  local prefecture estimates 10,000 Then we headed further towards  where the tsunami hit land.

 Everywhere is now a sea of mud.

  Take a look at this, cars swept into houses.

 This is the little  village of Hikashiro down there, and this is the road that leads  back up to the seaside.

 It is just covered in debris.

 The destruction  Everything here has been smashed by the waves.

 The houses have been  pulverised by water.

 A motorcycle twisted and bent.

 And in the  abandoned homes, the faces of those who once lived here, stained by the  waters which filled everything.

 The old man told us that the faster  people round, the more chance they had of survival.

 30 people are  missing, he said, he does not know if they are dead.

 But watch, and it  is hard to believe many out ran his.

 New footage of the tsunami.

 Gasps  It poured over an embankment.

 It Boats are carried away, and people  look on as they are crushed.

 Do you see it, you understand why so much  has been destroyed.

 -- to see it.

 Incredibly, though, 10 miles off  the coast on the remains of the roof that was ripped off his arm,  Japan's navy found Hiromitsu Shinkawa were.

 He was rescued, but  his wife was swept away.

 Over 3,000 stranded people have been rescued,  including this group of children.

 They were ferried to safety by  Japanese troops.

 This evening, the recovery teams had to pull back a  couple of miles from the sea shore.

 Another tsunami other has just  sounded.

 Every day there are more new earth tremors, aftershocks.

 The  natural order of things has been shaken here, and nobody knows when  it will settle down again.

 Well, concerns are now being raised  over three separate nuclear reactors at Fukushima following an  explosion yesterday.

 There are worries that the reactors could  overheat, leading to meltdown.

 There are also safety fears that  two other nuclear sites.

 Officials are reassuring the public there is  no immediate danger, but an exclusion zone around Fukushima has  been extended, and an evacuation from the area now runs into  hundreds of thousands.

 Chris Hogg reports.

  They survived the earthquake, now they are being checked for  radiation.

 Hundreds of thousands of people told to leave their homes in  a wide area around the stricken nuclear plant.

 TRANSLATION: I took  a deep breath, I want to know exactly what is going on at the  They are struggling to make save reactors that were damaged by the  earthquake and the wall of water which swept through the complex in  Fukushima.

 For a time, radiation leaked, exceeding safety limits.

  Officials say the levels have since declined.

 It is not the only plant  with problems, though.

 This one further north in the Onagawa has  been damaged, too.

 On television here, they are looking for  reassurance from the experts.

 It is hard for the Japanese public to be  sure about the level of risk they face.

 The Prime Minister has told  the country that they need to pull together in his time of need.

  TRANSLATION: And against this hardship of earthquake and tsunami,  we should be able to stand up to them, and we believe that we will  be able to overcome this.

 Strong aftershocks are still being  felt across the country, adding to the wrists the rescuers face.

 The  problems at the nuclear plants are making a bad situation even worse.

  Huge swathes of the country still have no electricity supplies.

 So  serious are the shortages of power that from tomorrow the government  will start rationing it here.

 In Tokyo and around the country, there  will be planned power cuts lasting for three hours in each place.

 They  are warning that the restrictions on energy usage could last for  weeks.

 It is a devastating blow for Japan, one of the world's largest  economies.

 Well, the news that three reactors  at one site are all overheating is causing concern beyond Japan, so  what is going on inside the plant, and had dangers is the situation?  Science correspondent David shook and has been finding out.

  Japan now faces trouble at no fewer than three nuclear power stations.

  This one, filmed before the disaster, is the most worrying, and  its number one reactor went wrong first.

 Yesterday the building  housing it exploded as pressure rose.

 The reactor inside is  apparently undamaged, but tonight a struggle for control is under way.

  The power station is known as Fukushima Daiichi, and it is  causing most concern with trouble at three reactors.

 The building  housing number one exploded yesterday, and officials say a  partial meltdown of the nuclear fuel may have happened.

 The number  two reactor as a water level that is too low, so more is being pumped  inside it.

 But it is the third reactor which is causing greatest  concern.

 It is impossible to know exactly what is going on inside it,  but the flow of cooling water clearly stopped, the fuel rods will  melt.

 The risk is that the pressure is too great for the steel reactor.

  Local residents are being checked as they leave the area.

 Radiation  levels did rise briefly around the plant, and about 100 people have  recorded some level of contamination, but officials say  there has been no major leak of radioactivity, a great relief.

  is entirely right that they should check this, not least because if  they are high levels, it is more information about what is happening  at the plant, which is important in the whole process.

 It is important  information for the individuals and for the planned, but from what I  have seen coming from the authorities so far, I do not think  it is an issue that people will be worrying about.

 But the authorities  tackling the crisis at Fukushima have increased the size of the zone  which may be at risk from 10 kilometres up to 20, hundreds of  thousands of people being moved out.

 This comes amid confusion.

 There  are different theories about why the first reactor building exploded,  and there is disagreement about how serious things are now.

 So far, the  official line is that inside the concrete buildings the reactors  themselves remain intact.

 That is crucial, because it reduces the  risk of a seriously.

 But the authorities still are not in full  control.

 Its hospitals then defined against  the raging tsunami, but the small port town of Minamisanriku has been  all but wiped from the map.

 More than half of its 17,000 population  is and accounted for and feared dead.

 Alastair Leithead was one of  the first television journalists to reach the town, from where he sent  this report.

 From the air, it just looked unreal,  but close up the true impact that the wave had here on homes, shops,  whole neighbourhoods is overwhelming.

 For mile after mile,  the tsunami flattened everything, throwing cars aside, pulverising  houses and dragging the debris far inland.

 10,000 people are still  unaccounted for here, more than half of the town missing.

 This  family did make it out in time.

 They came back today and were  shocked by the damage.

 I was in the car with my daughter when  everything began to shake violently, she told me, we rushed back to the  house, grabbed our bags, and then they drove out of town just before  the tsunami struck.

 This is just one small cove, one tiny inlet that  we have been able to get to on this fast lane of coastline that was  struck by the tsunami.

 You can get a sense of the power of the wave  that surged up the area, crushing his car, another is on its roof,  and is building was picked up and tracked by the power of the water  of the valley.

 This is the impact in this small area alone.

 Imagine  this many times over.

 Tonight, hundreds of those who made it to  safety were sheltering in a local school sports hall.

 Their homes and  possessions lost, they have nowhere to go.

 They both red and told more  stories of lucky escapes.

 TRANSLATION: I watched everything.

  The wave came in, and I saw it hit the concrete breakwater.

 It was  just flicked aside, and the water rushed in.

 The houses were washed  away.

 Japan is prepared for earthquakes and even Sudan these.

  Their evacuation plans no doubt save lives.

 But this was just so  big, so powerful and so devastating that the number of dead will just  In the day's other news, in Libya, Colonel Gaddafi's soldiers have  been recapturing towns held by rebel forces, crushing their hopes  of a swift march on Tripoli.

 Tomorrow, opposition leaders will  meet Hillary Clinton in Paris to ask for more international help.

  Gaddafi's troops have retaken the key oil port of Ras Lanuf and  claimed to be in control of Brega, but that is being disputed tonight.

  Wyre Davies reports.

 To assess the full scale of Colonel  Gaddafi's military progress, we had to drive across hundreds of miles  of the Sahara desert, past towns and villages recently held by rebel  forces but now overrun by better- equipped and better organised  government troops.

 This is what happened in Bin Jawad.

 Apart from  pockets of resistance around Tripoli, this was as far west as  the anti-government forces got.

 The local police station, one of many  symbols of the regime's authority, was destroyed early end the  fighting.

 -- in the fighting.

 It has now been reclaimed by the  Colonel's supporters.

 There is a lot of women and destruction in Bin  Jawad, a town that has seen a lot of fighting.

 -- Riven.

 This is a  crucial place right on the seaboard between Tripoli and Benghazi, and  to win his back from the rebels, the government has had to use an  Faced with vastly superior guns and rockets, the rebels beat a hasty  retreat.

 The evidence of fierce fighting littering the roadside on  our drive to the east.

 Rebel forces who had once talked about marching  on Tripoli are under attack and going backwards.

 The UN delegation  has arrived in Libya seeking urgent assurances from the government.

  concern is that the population is not really having a chance to  protect itself from this.

 It has nothing to do with most of the  people being harmed, they have to be protected.

 The despite  government claims that casualties have been minimal, evidence on the  ground suggests the cost of conflict has been high.

 Rebel  fighters still defiant.

 Beyond the damaged oil terminal at Ras Lanuf  is the new front line.

 American support for the idea of imposing a  no-fly zone may come too late for Gaddafi's opponents.

 Their dreams  of a new democratic Libya are going up in smoke as a showdown looms in  the east.

 There have been fresh clashes in  Bahrain between police and anti- government protesters.

 Security  forces in riot gear fired tear gas to clear the demonstrators from  areas around the Pearl Roundabout, the focal point of weeks of  demonstrations on the small Gulf island.

  Here, the Liberal Democrat leader, Nick Clegg, has told his party that  he's not lost his soul, despite the unpopular choices he's had to make.

  In his speech at the Lib Dem spring conference, Mr Clegg said he would  never regret taking the Lib Dems into government even if it meant  supporting decisions they wouldn't have made on their own.

 Vicky Young  reports.

 He knew his task today was to make his party feel good.

  Liberal Democrats are under pressure, are anxious about poll  ratings and being swallowed up in the coalition.

 Nick Clegg tried to  reassure them.

 We didn't take the easy path last May, but we did take  the right path.

 Yes, we have had to toughen up.

 But we will never lose  our soul.

 Claiming to be neither on the left nor right, but governing  from the middle for the middle, the Lib Dem leader tried to define  those his party wanted to support.

 We're on the side of the people I  call alarm clock Britain - on the side of everyone who wants to get  up and get on.

 People who have no choice but to work hard, to make  ends meet.

 Turning to unease in his own ranks over plans to reorganise  the NHS in England, he warned.

.

.

 Don't believe Labour's  scaremongering about privatising the NHS.

 No government of which I  am part will tamper with the is.

 World-class health care for  everyone.

 Some here don't think that addresses their concerns over  health policy.

 He finished by a urging activists to boast about  their achievements.

 When you go into this election campaign and  people are asking what difference we have made to government, tell  them that this government is getting the economy moving,  investing in children, renewing the political system, and restoring  civil liberties.

 Tell them we are in government and we are on your  side.

 This speech is all about Nick Clegg reassuring his party.

 It is a  message that has gone down well, but they told him they are not  happy with government policy in health, they expect him to go back  to Westminster and do something about it.

 There are more testing  Now with all the sport, here's Olly Foster.

 The Six Nations grandslam  is still on for England after they beat Scotland but not as  convincingly as many had predicted.

 22-16 the final score at Twickenham.

  Unbeaten England now head to Ireland next week for their final  match in the Championship.

 Kevin Gearey reports.

 Brazenly strutting  its stuff in front of 80,000 before kick-off, the Twickenham fox could  have been the living embodiment of Scottish audacity.

 The team took  their cue, early ambition rewarded as Chris Paterson twice kicked them  in front.

 England responded through the boot of Toby Flood to take the  lead themselves.

 But right on half- time, the concerted Scottish attack  allowed Jackson to restore points.

 Later on, England were in sheep's  clothing, rather than wolves'.

 The turning point of Berkeley being  sin-binned.

 The home side then produced their one cohesive move of  the match, Croft crashing over.

 That did not quell Scottish spirit.

  With seven minutes left, their enterprise let this opening for Max  Evans to score a converted try.

 Three points in it, but moments  from the end, the trusty boot of Jonny Wilkinson made England safe.

  Their Grand Slam hopes remain alive but the looks on English faces  indicated such an achievement would be diminished by this performance.

  Their World Cup ambitions are now significantly undermined.

  Manchester are guaranteed one side in the FA Cup final this season.

  City and United have been drawn to play against each other in next  month's semi-final at Wembley.

 City beat Reading today.

 Stoke are also  through after defeating West Ham in their quarter-final.

 By the time  Manchester City and Reading walked out, both teams knew that  Manchester United were waiting for the winners.

 It may have been an  added motivation to win, but City struggled to break down their  opponents.

 Reading had beaten Everton in the last round and held  on until the last 15 minutes but couldn't keep out Micah Richards.

  He didn't seem overly excited about the winner, but Farnsworth.

 It is  their first Cup semi-final in 30 years.

 It has been longer than that  for Stoke, longer than a Rory Delap long throw.

 Frederic Piquionne  looked like he had handled the ball on the way to scoring the equaliser  but he got away with it.

 Robert Green saved a penalty to keep West  Ham in it, but he couldn't get enough on this free kick to stop  the ball going over the line.

 West Ham hit the bar but will return to  London to Sulby concentrate on the important business of staying in  the Premier League.

 Stoke have their day out in the capital next  month, Bolton at Wembley for them in the semi-finals.

  It'll be messy when the semi-final draw for the Scottish Cup is made  tomorrow.

 Not one winner in this weekend's quarter-finals, just like  the two ties yesterday.

 Dundee United against Motherwell ended in  a draw.

 Jon Daly scored the equaliser for the cup holders  United as it finished 2-2 at Tannadice.

 Inverness against Celtic  was postponed because of a was postponed because of a  Celtic with a game in hand in the Scottish premier League.

 El Hadji  Scottish premier League.

 El Hadji Diouf scored their first and a late  own goal helped them beat Kilmarnock 2-1 at Ibrox.

 Finally,  the Great Britain men's and women's

 This is BBC Newsline.

 The head  loips.

 Fears over a multi-million pound investment scheme, this man  denies wrong doing.

 The man looks like, an extremely successful  individual.

 The troubled Taoiseach breaks for the bored as pressure  builds in Dublin.

 Survivors of clerical abuse tell their stories  to a Vatican delegation.

 How a prison governor got another top job,  despite the death of an inmate.

 Can the Ulster rugby team keep their  European dream alive? Join me in Italy for the big match build up.

  Also on the programme, we were at Windsor Park for a big match with a  difference.

 And still some frost for the weekend but not as veer as  it has been, with more cloud, join me later.

 First tonight, our  investigation into a cross border investment scheme involving  millions and fears that many people will be left out-of-pocket.

 The man  at the centre of it all denies any wrong doing.

 Francois De Deitrich  says he is committed to working with his customers to try to have  their money paid back in full.

 Our consumer correspondent is working  on the story.

 Martin, remind us of the background to this.

 We have  been getting a better picture today of this French businessman, who is  well-known in financial and sporting circles in the north-west  and other parts of Northern Ireland.

 He promised good profits for people  who entrusted their money with him and we will hear from one of those  in a moment.

 Investors started to worry when the Financial Services  Authority gained a court injunction that was late last year, banning  him and his company from taking any further money from investors.

 It  also got a court order freezing assets of more than £20 million.

  Now last week investors worries increased when the High Court ruled  he was in contempt of the injunction and ordered he be  committed to prison.

 Though his whereabouts are unknown.

 You have  been talking to someone who says she has invested with him.

 Yes, she  is Alison Carter, a cafe owner who say she is gave him $100 thousand.

  She says she is waiting for most of that to come back.

 We asked what  had inspired her to invest so much money with him.

 The success this  man emanated was unquestioned by everybody who came into this scheme.

  He had over at some points he had over 100 employees working in  Donegal.

 He had a number of companies and businesses in the  area, restaurants that seemed very successful, very put together and  well run.

 He also had a property company, he had, he had a golf club,  he had this umbrella corporation, with all of its employee, the man  looked like, you know, a very successful individual.

 The story I  received was he was an international hotelier with a chain  of hotels in Paris and Germany.

 He had come to Donegal to retire, and  live a more quiet life.

 In response to your investigation Mr De  Deitrich has issued a statement through a firm of solicitor in  Belfast.

 Yes that came through a firm of solicitors today.

 In it he  denies all of the allegations and he says his businesses are le --  legitimate and as a consequence of the action of the FSA the bank  accounts have been frozen, he says this has resulted in the forced  closure of his businesses leading to the loss of job, despite the  action he says she is -- he is committed to working with customers  regarding the full return of outstanding money.

 The next step in  all of this will be another court hearing scheduled for next week.

  Thank you.

 The executive says it hang on to money they were saving  for a rainy kai.

 They were under threat from a changed proposed by  the treasure Troy what is called the end of year flexibility scheme.

  The Education Minister joins me now live from Newry.

 This is a cunning  plan, you and the Finance Minister have cooked up to keep the  Treasury's hands off this money.

 How have you managed it? Well, in  is a good plan, and it is a good plan for the 800 schools that have  surplus, these schools saved money, they have good sound financial  management and at the stroke of a pen the Treasury changed the rules.

  The pecktive in 2008 accepted that schools are an exceptional  circumstances and made commit.

Ments to those schools and the executive  today, following the meeting I had with Sammy Wilson, the minister for  finance, we are agreeing to continue to honour the commitments  made by the executive.

 Does that mean that the money won't go to the  Treasury or that the assembly, the executive has found extra money?  Well, as you know, the Department of Finance and personnel have  issued a statement.

 Myself and Sammy Wilson have issued a joint  statement saying to schools the money they saved is safe, and this  is the executive, the new institutions working for our  schools right across.

.

.

 I am interested in the mechanics of it.

  You still having to give the £87 million to the Treasury and you are  finding other money or has the Treasury said we won't take this  money? Well, this is part of the block grant that comes into the  north of Ireland.

 Obviously we will continue to make reputation to the  Treasury on a range of issues in relation to the budget.

 --  representation.

 You know the budget is out for consultation, the Tories  have taken £4 billion from the budget.

 Thankfully because of  innovative thinking from Sinn Fein and other party, we have found an  extra £1.

6 billion and the Treasury come along and take another £300  plus million.

 This is totally unacceptable, what we have done  today, is given succour to schools who are very worried and rightly  worried.

 Thankfully.

.

.

 Sorry minister, to interrupt.

  pecktive had made.

 Will schools be able to save in future as the same  way they have till now? Yes, they will.

 We will honour what happened  in the past, and they will be able to save into the future.

 Because  what we don't want, is rash spending, as you know the school  year is a different year than the financial year, and we want schools  to continue doing the good financial management.

 If I were  another minister I would be saying if education can find £87 million  maybe there more money for me.

 It is going to put more pressure on  the central budget.

 To be fair in goun 8 all the ministers and the  executive realised in relation to the end of year flexibility schools  were in an exceptional situation.

 In the same way as in the executive  we recognised that health had one of the first calls, I mean this  executive is about working for people, whether it is in health, in  housing an education, and I am happy to play my part in it.

 Thank  you very much indeed.

 The beleagured Taoiseach Brian Cowen  must have been delighted to meet a friendly face today even if it was  the First Minister Peter Robinson.

 He left behind calls for  resignation and and up coming confidence vote for a north south  Parliamentary meeting in Armagh.

 Only yesterday, Sinn Fein called  him a lame duck Taoiseach, leading a lame duck Government but today in  Armagh there were smiles for the cameras as Martin McGuinness and  Peter Robinson greeted Brian Cowen.

 If the mood at this north south  meeting appeared calm and business like, the same can't be said for  the increasingly heated political atmosphere in Dublin.

 Last night,  one of Mr Cowen's junior ministers called for him to go.

 I am  expressing an opinion that is widely shared within the party and  it is time for him to resign.

 the interviewers questioned the  minister's motives for staying in office, evidence of how raw  emotions are in Dublin.

 I have never, ever tried to advance my own  self-interests, I never will.

 I do resent the sneering insinuation you  are trying to put to me tonight that.

 Is not true.

 Following a  series of resignations the depleted ranks of the Irish cabinet meant  most of the ministers were able the squeeze into a minibus but Mr Cowen  insisted he would continue to lead his party, into the election he has  kaleed for March 11th I have the support of my party as confirmed by  democratic decision last Tuesday, to lead this party into this  election and beyond, and that is what I intend to do.

 The Taoiseach  accused his opponent of displaying negativity a point on which Martin  McGuinness begged to differ.

 Opposition parties have a right to  state their case about how the political process on the economy is  developed or not developed and Sinn Fein through our representatives  have made the case, a long with others.

 At previous north south  meetings the Taoiseach has been a bystander while the focus has been  on the tensions between the Stormont coalition parties.

 It's a  sign of changing times that today all the attention was on the plight  of Brian Cowen, and the increasingly unstable nature of  politics in Dublin.

 Survivors of abuse have voiced their leaf that a  Catholic church delegation sent by the Pope have listened to their  stories.

 In the wake of revelations and reports into clerical and  institutional abuse senior church representatives are visiting  dioseces through Ireland.

 It coincides with a report that the  Vatican tried to dis sward Irish bishops.

 It has been a long path  for the victims of collarical and institutional abuse but finally  after decades of suffering their voices have formally been recorded  by the Catholic church.

 Today, representatives from the main  campaign group, met Cardinal Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor,  and other senior clerics send by Pope Benedict to investigate abuse  in the church.

 It is part of what is known as a visitation, sources  within the church say the main focus is to see what when wrong  within the structure of the church to allow the abuse to happen and  what can be done to ensure it doesn't occur again.

 The meeting  lasted an hour-and-a-half and despite the victims having initial  doubt, they felt it was positive and say it was a relief to be heard.

  Because we were never listened to all of our lives.

 That is another  continuous abuse in our lives.

 It is like being shunned all over  again.

 Made fun of.

 Ridiculed.

 We have had enough of that.

 We have  been treated all our life like that.

 We know what we want and we know  how to get it and we will continue until people are listening to us  and do something about it.

 talks come days after an RTE  documentary which suggested the cover up of the scandals was  organise straited by the Vatican.

 It showed that in 1997, the Pope's  representative in Ireland, wrote to Irish bishops and expressed serious  reservations, of a conical and morale nature, about a policy of  reporting all allegations, of clerical abuse to the civil  authorities.

 The church has said the letter didn't tell bishops not  to report paedophile priests to the authority, for the victim, the next  stage for them is for the Vatican to say sorry.

 -- victims.

 When they  asked us to list some of the thicks we were looking for in the short  terges acknowledgement, an apology and a heartfelt apology and backed  one a commitment to try and address the wrongs that were done.

  accept what happened.

 To accept it.

 For so many people who have  committed suicide.

 This is for them.

 The church has said from the start  of this visitation, that its senior clergy won't be making any comment  until its investigations are finished.

 Still to come on the  programme.

 Under threat, the funding lifeline for a carer who  says she sometimes is close to breaking point.

 We were at win son  park for a big match with a New governors have been appointed  at our two main prisons.

 The man taking charge at Magilligan Alan  Longwell I was head of Maghaberry prison.

 The Prison Service has  today appointed new governors to the two main prisons.

 Pat Maguire  is the new head of Maghaberry but it is Alan Longwell's appointment  of Magilligan that is coming under scrutiny.

 He was head of Maghaberry  when this man took his life in 2008.

 Bell was on suicide watch and was  being held in a special cell like this one.

 An investigation into  what happened found damning evidence.

 It discovered that Prison  Officers who should have been watching Colin Bell were instead  watching television.

 The the prisoner ombudsman concluded that  Alan Longwell auz the man in charge of the prison at the time should be  disciplined.

 Mr Longwell wasn't disciplined, but he was removed  from the prison, to do office work at the prison headquarter, so how  does the Prison Service justify putting him back in charge of a  prnf Alan Longwell was the Governor in charge of the prison when that  happened and it was only right that being in charge, Alan had to be  held to account for what happened in the prison.

 Now he has paid a  heavy price for that.

 But this is about the future of the Prison  Service.

 So Alan Longwell once remove as governor at one prison is  now back in charge of another.

 The prison authorities are hoping that  a new chapter in his career will close a troubled period in the  recent history of the Prison The Mother of a teenager with  disabilities says that a funding has been disputes -- disrupted in  the area and which she lives and says that people are at a breaking  point.

 The Barnardos charity says this is one of seven projects are  being cut for children this year.

 For this woman, looking after her  son has been a full-time job for 16 years, and will continue to be in  the future.

 The news that no funding will be available for him  to join a club that he enjoys has upset her.

 They should be able to  just make a few phone calls.

 We did have a relaxing chat.

 We knew we  had that.

 It was a chance to charge our batteries.

 This two hours are a  lifeline because there are times that we are close to breaking point  because just knowing that we have a break helped him help us.

 The club  is run by Bernard Rose and it is a time for the children to socialise.

  -- the Barnardos charity.

 People can go out for a pizza.

 We use the  facilities as a youth club.

 All of the things that the children are  involved in would be things that every child should be involved in  and the things that the children have told us that they want to do.

  Gareth is amor then -- one of 170 children who go to the club.

 The  money is well spent.

 Talk about the cost of these services.

 If we fall  down, it is a much bigger sum of money.

 She says that she was hoping  -- ba Nana as charities as says - a process that they were hoping --  Barnardo's says that they were hoping that the Government will  change its mind and Gareth's mother hopes that as well.

  The Department of Health has told us that even though the funding for  such projects came to end end in 2008 it said it gave charities time  to get money from other sources.

 You can see more on that story on  our website.

 You can also watch a repeat of this programme on the  iPlayer.

 The Ulster rugby team and a long  wait this weekend.

 The Heineken Cup beckons in Italy.

 -- the rugby team  in a long weekend.

 This is the first time they are  going to the quarter-finals since 1999 but they will have to do it  without Rory Best.

 Nigel Brady will take his place.

 For the latest,  Stephen Watson reports from Parma in northern Italy.

  They arrive with their captain -- without their captain but all he  can give his moral support.

 I have been there for six years.

 We have  come through a lot of dark times over the last two or three years.

  That goes for the boys of that stuck around.

 The high profile of  South African recruits have been made aware of the European Cup  significance.

 They had a 1999 history lesson.

 They have got  passion for the Heineken Cup.

 It is huge.

 We look forward to playing.

  Hopefully we can do the job tomorrow.

 Also have travelled here  before this season and beaten tomorrow's opposition.

 That was in  the Magners League.

 But the Heineken Cup froze up and -- throws  up a different challenge.

 They have a new coach as well so that will  probably change their strategy and the way they play.

 We know how  tough they are to play against.

 We have to get a result.

 It is as  simple as that.

 We know how tough it will be.

 Hopefully we will be in  the right place on Saturday.

 So it is here in the European City a  sport where also well at -- will discover whether they can keep  their European dream alive.

 If they keep their record intact they will  have earned a place in the quarter- finals.

  And the match is live on BBC Radio Ulster from 1:00pm tomorrow.

  Authority Roy is in contention at the hapless stage of the Abu Dhabi  championship but - a go at the -- at the current state of the Abu  Dhabi Championship but a television -- television viewer alerted judges  to a mistake made by Padraig Harrington.

 I looked down at the  time.

 I was aware that I had established its Andy got football  had moved.

 -- established it and that the ball had moved.

 It is not  quite clear what happened after that.

 It looks like it has moved  via -- forward and not come back.

 This afternoon we caught up with  some golf fans who backed up Padraig Harrington.

 There is no way  that the viewer could have noticed that ball move.

 When you see it in  slow motion it is completely obvious.

 I do not understand how  anybody can be disqualified from a competition in this way.

 The person  whose but this must have had perfect vision.

 -- the person who  spotted this must have had perfect vision.

 You can see the edge of his  club move the ball.

 I was on the centre position and I do not think  he is trying to gain an advantage.

 The rules are there for everyone's  protection but 95 % of the field get away for that -- with that.

 It  is one of those things that you can see every dimple on the golf ball  with these new types of cameras.

 It is one of those things  unfortunately.

 You feel for players.

 One of the most meticulous golfers  in the world, he will not make the same mistake twice.

  Two football fans made some history today.

 Their wedding day.

 Andy and  Glenda Johnston, both Linfield supporters, decided there was only  one logical venue when it came to tying the knot.

  It was just like any other match at Windsor Park.

 But on this occasion  there was no football.

 The first ever Irish League wedding consisted  of tickets and programmes while outside the ground the match-day  atmosphere was building.

 There were no us before the match but not  amongst the local home support.

 There was a pitch men that had to  swap his shoes were another guest.

 Would make you happier, the wedding  itself or a result? A result! what would make you happier?  have been blessed over the last five years to win four doubles.

 I  think this double will beat them all and I understand that the  minister who will be taking the wedding service is a supporter of  an opposing team.

 He may be converted to the right football  team.

 The last thing that she has sold as a single woman she will  never forget.

 -- the last thing she had seen as a single woman, she  will never forget that.

 A if you need an independent referee, you  know where to find me.

 The full- time whistle has just blown on the  wedding of Andy and Glenda Johnston.

 They are off to the Board Room to  sign the register and receive Irish Cup trophies.

 History was made at  Windsor Park with the moat -- must exciting signing.

  They will both be at the game Let's get the weather, shall we? We  are hoping it will not be too cold.

 We are going to see increasing  cloud and a slightly increased temperatures.

 Use all the frost and  -- on the ground at Windsor Park.

 They started out with temperatures  of minus eight degrees.

 At least for most of us, with the cloud  still at bay, we have had sunshine do at the day.

 Some has been a  feature for the last couple of days where the fog has lifted.

 The Moon  has been a feature at times as well looking quite spectacular under the  clear skies.

 For this evening, we have some clear skies to come.

 The  icy patches will return but as cloud moves into the night the  temperatures will not do it quite as low as they had -- they have  recently.

 A few rural spots in the West may get temperatures down to  minus five.

 I think you will find Hill fog an issue and we will see  more cloud through the weekend.

 It will be a frosty start to the day  tomorrow even if it is not as severe as the last few mornings.

 A  few pages could be a bit frozen as well.

 Things will hopefully cheer  up in the afternoon with a few bright spells.

 Temperatures will be  above freezing even if they are all laid above -- Three degrees in a  minor.

 There is still a bit of a chill in the air.

 Not quite as  chilly as it will be for the rugby fans in Italy tomorrow.

 A dry night  to come tomorrow night but only misty and murky.

 A slight frost  that will last until Sunday.

 A dry day tomorrow but with some sunshine.

  A man at the centre of a -- and Investment Scheme has denied any  wrongdoing.

 He says he is working to get the money paid back in full.

  And we learn that schools that have managed to save money in their  schools are -- budget are going to be allowed to spend it.

 The  education minister has told BBC

 The Pentagon releases videos of  Osama bin Laden seized by US special forces from his compound in  Pakistan.

 In a fascinating glimpse into his daily life, he's shown  watching images of himself on television.

  Officials say the videos form part of the biggest haul of terrorist  material ever seized from an individual, and show Bin Laden was  still actively in command of Al- Qaeda.

  After their resounding victory, the Scottish Nationalists demand more  power from Westminster.

 They say independence is not a matter of  "if", but "when".

 The issue in terms of Scotland, in  terms of independence, there is an inevitability about the destination.

  But the timing depends entirely on the will of the people.

  More bad tempered election fall-out for the coalition.

 Tensions rise as  Vince Cable calls the Conservatives "ruthless and calculating.

"  COMMENTATOR: This for a three, and he has just done it!  And, tributes to the golfing great  Seve Ballesteros who's died after a  Good evening.

 The Pentagon has released videos of  Osama Bin Laden, seized when US forces raided his secret compound  in Pakistan.

 The five tapes are a window on the world of the Al-Qaeda  leader.

 One shows Bin Laden watching himself on television.

 The  White House claims the videos are part of the "largest collection of  senior terrorist materials" ever seized, and show Bin Laden was more  than a figurehead, overseeing Al- Qaeda strategy and operations from  his hideout.

 Our security  For the reality of Osama Bin  Laden's last days.

 Old before his time, here seen in his home-made  video watching himself on TV in Pakistan.

 Everyone thought he had  been hiding on the Afghan border, perhaps even in a cave.

 It was an  elaborate bluff.

 He had been living in relative comfort and safety in a  Pakistani city.

 The Pentagon has released five tapes but they have  removed the sound.

 One is labelled, a message to the American people,  but we do not know the content.

 Another is a practice tape.

  Releasing these tapes does not prove he was at the compound but  they do detract from the mistake of Al-Qaeda.

 What they were defined by  was their audio and visual messages.

 It was designed to precipitate a  fair.

 The release of these videos dilutes that impact.

 It makes him  more amateur.

 Leaving aside his image, what about his actual role  within Al-Qaeda? A senior US intelligence official is saying he  was more than a figurehead, he was actively involved in planning  operations, driving tactical decisions.

 A put this to a former  jihadist who used to know Osama Bin Laden personally.

 No, Bin Laden was  not in charge of the operational level of Al-Qaeda, his role was to  be a charismatic leader.

 He had the capability to appeal to millions  and millions, even those who did  not support Al-Qaeda.

 He lacked the  skills to be an operational leader.

 The Taliban have reacted to the  death by attacking government buildings in Kandahar, killing two  people.

 There reminder the insurgency there will continue.

  Intelligence agencies everywhere are warning there are likely to be  more revenge attacks as Al-Qaeda ponders its uncertain future.

 It is  this image which is likely to ensure, a tired man in a shabby  room in a Pakistani safe house that turned out not to be so saved after  all.

 We can talk to our Washington  correspondent Jonny Dymond.

 Why has this material been released?  There is something of an information war.

 Some still do not  believe Osama Bin Laden was killed in that raid on Sunday despite the  fact Al-Qaeda acknowledged his debt yesterday.

 The White House decided  not to release photos of the summer Bin Laden taken immediately after  he was killed, saying they were graphic and wouldn't want to them  to be used as a propaganda tall.

 If they have released these videos  portraying an image unlike the one Bin Laden had put out.

 To say,  these are clearly from around Bin Laden, he is dead.

  The leader of the Scottish National Party Alex Salmond has urged David  Cameron to devolve more power to Scotland.

 The call came as the SNP  gathered in Edinburgh to celebrate gaining control of the Scottish  Parliament.

 Earlier today, the leader of the Scottish Liberal  Democrats, Tavish Scott, resigned after what he called a disastrous  result for his party at the polls.

  Our Scotland correspondent James  Cook reports.

 This is what victory looks like in  the flesh.

 69 nationalists united above all by one radical belief:  The notion that Scotland can stand alone.

 In more than a decade of  devolution, this is the first time any one party has won this many  seats.

 It was Alex Salmond who led them to triumph.

 He is a betting  man, so would he now put money on independence? I think there is an  inevitability about the destination.

 But the timing depends entirely on  the will of the people.

 Which is why the only sensible answer is  that Scotland will become an independent country when the  Scottish people so judge in a referendum.

 It's the people's  choice.

 The SNP says a referendum won't  happen for at least two and a half years.

 The party is pressing for  Holyrood to take full control of taxation and borrowing.

 For this  professor of politics, these are remarkable times.

  We are nearer to the prospect of independence than ever before.

 The  public at the moment don't have an appetite for independence.

 But that  could change in the context of the UK government that becomes deeply  unpopular.

 The Liberal Democrats know about being unpopular, they  have been wiped out here.

 Just five are now Liberal Democrats.

 Their  leader I have no doubt since last May we have been up against it  because of the formation of a UK government.

 In Scotland it has been  a toxic mix in politics.

 These scenes are a headache for the  coalition.

 David Cameron has called to congratulate Alex Salmond.

 Both  men say they will work together but on the big issue they are miles  apart.

 The election of this crowd means politics in Scotland is about  to become more interesting.

  Scotland is in theory one vote away  from their dream, independence.

 Business Secretary Vince Cable has  launched a fierce attack on his Conservative coalition colleagues,  describing them as "ruthless, calculating and tribal".

 His  comments came after the Liberal Democrats failed to get public  backing to change the voting system, and suffered huge losses in the  local elections.

 Here's our  political correspondent Ben Wright.

  It wasn't meant to sour so fast.

 One year ago they seemed to get on  so well, but one year on one of them sailed through this week's  elections while the other one sank.

 They are partners in power but only  Nick Clegg's party is being punished by the voters.

 Lib Dem  councillors across the country were swept from their seats.

 One Lib Dem  Cabinet Minister today attacked the tactics of his coalition colleagues.

  I have never had many illusions about the Conservatives anyway.

 But  they have emerged as ruthless, calculating and tribal.

 That  doesn't mean to say we can't work with them.

 Skills, some might say,  that could have saved the Lib Dems themselves in places like Newcastle.

  Here, they lost the council to Labour.

 And the question is how the  party stops being a sponge for  voters' anger.

 The job is to create  a unique Liberal Democrat situation.

 We need to rock the boat a bit from  time to time to show we are different.

 How might they do that?  In an internal memo, the party say they must fight for the NHS, fairer  taxes and reform of the House of Lords.

 If the Liberal Democrats  tried to put a bigger stamp on government policies they risk  riling the Conservatives.

 Nothing would be worse than us giving a  whole load concessions to the Lib Dems in the months to come.

 I think  the idea that somehow the Liberals can get all the credit for any  changes would be something the Conservatives would feel uneasy  about.

 This is a critical moment for the  Lib Dems.

 During the campaign, Nick Clegg faced calls to distance  himself from David Cameron, and there are now likely to be more  public disagreement between the parties.

 Bound together by their  plans for the economy, they are committed to the coalition.

 But  with such different political fortunes, their relationship will  Howard deputy political editor is at Downing Street, strong words  from Vince Cable today, what is going on inside the coalition?  The Lib Dems are in the throes of the worst election defeat in their  history, trying to work out what went wrong, who to blame, and in  the course of that summer like Vince Cable are having a go at  their coalition colleagues.

 -- some of them.

 In reality they remain in  coalition, in government.

 Next week they will sit round the Cabinet  table as usual.

 The problem is working out what exactly they do  once they get there.

 Some say they should try and assert their  independence, some say they should push their own Agenda harder, some  say they should shout their achievements from the rooftops, and  persuade voters they are making a difference.

 Having spent most of  the day talking to them I don't  know if they are entirely agreed  what that difference is.

 The long process of county in  Northern Ireland has ended.

 All of  the assembly seats have been filled  and the DUP and Sinn Fein dominate.

 It has been an election marathon  but it is clear who the winner is.

 Peter Robinson, DUP.

  Peter Robinson has led the Democratic Unionist to an emphatic  victory.

 This time last year he lost his Westminster seat and his  wife was involved in an affair and a financial controversy.

 His  political career seemed to be over but he has bounced back, stronger  than ever.

 There is always an air and flower  in politics.

 If you cannot withstand that you have got the  wrong career.

 With Peter Robinson back as first minister at Stormont  Martin McGuinness is set to return as Deputy First Minister.

 Sinn Fein  have been the other big winners.

 In County Tyrone they celebrated with  Irish flags, much to the annoyance of the Ulster Unionist leader, Tom  Eliot.

 I see many people here with flags  today.

 Some of them were for flags from a foreign nation.

 -- some of  them with flags.

 I would expect nothing better from the skull of  Sinn Fein.

 The incident was a reminder even  though Unionists and republicans  are happy to share power in the new  Northern Ireland tensions do remain.

 In Libya pro-Gaddafi forces have  used cluster munitions in a renewed attack on the besieged rebel-held  port city of Misrata.

 This is according to the port supervisor  and photographic evidence seen by the BBC.

 The Libyan government has  previously denied using such weapons.

 A fuel depot at the port  was attacked with rockets overnight and these pictures, posted on the  internet appear to show fires caused by the attack.

  A man has appeared in court, charged with the murder of a woman  found dead in woods in Derbyshire.

 Jia Ashton, who was 25, was last  seen leaving work at the Thornton's factory in Somercotes in March.

 Her  body was discovered three days later.

 David Simmonds, who's 21,  was remanded in custody by magistrates in Derby.

  Tributes have been paid to one of the greatest golfers of all times.

  Seve Ballesteros who has died at the age of 54 after a long battle  with cancer.

 For two decades he was one of the leading figures in  international golf and won five major titles.

 Our sports editor  looks back at his career.

 He was dashing.

 He has left the bat  with an iron.

 Charismatic Dick.

 And always played with a smile on his  face -- charismatic.

 He rarely followed the text book, but his  style lit up the sport which could seem a bit grey.

 His unconventional  style probably had something to do with the fact that as a boy he  taught himself to play on a beach next to his house.

 But self-taught  or not, he soon became golf's biggest attraction.

 Not necessarily  for his technique, but for his sheer audacity.

 He was a magician  who could play shots other golfers could only dream about.

 He brought  a joie de vivre to the game, he was handsome, young, 18, 19, 21 and  golf was considered to be an old, pedestrian game and he was this  young fellow doing wonderful reach.

 His first Open title was won in 79.

  Two more were to follow a plus two US Masters titles.

 And when injury  could his playing career short he captained Europe to Ryder Cup  victory against the United States in 1997.

 Sadly his biggest battle  was yet to come.

 In 2008 he was diagnosed with a brain tumour.

 He  had four operations and spent months in intensive care.

 Flags  flew at half mast at the Spanish Open today as some of the game's  leading players stopped to pay their respects.

 The way he dealt  with his struggles over the last couple of years, such a dignified  life.

 I saw it in my father.

 That is when you see the real strength  in somebody when they do with something which is so difficult.

 He  couldn't have done with more class.

 It was that class which so endeared  him to the British public and it is  why his untimely passing will be  felt far beyond the world of golf.

 Seve Ballesteros who has died aged  Football and Queen's Park Rangers have been crowned winners of the  championship and will be playing Premier League football next season.

  They escaped a poised to step should up by the Football  Association but would find -- but they were fined over the signing of  Alejandro Faurlin.

 Neil Warnock and display is lifted the trophy at  Loftus Road despite defeat at the hands of Leeds United in their  final game of the season.

 All the goals from the six Premier  League games will be on Match of  the day following the programme.

 He  Still very close at the bottom of  minute.

 West Ham salvaged a point  against Blackburn but remain bottom.

 In Scotland Rangers got off to the  best possible start in front of Walter Smith's side eased past  their opposition at Ibrox scoring three of their goals in the first  half.

 Victories for St Johnstone, Dundee United, Hamilton and  Inverness Caledonian Thistle.

 There is continuing coverage of all  today's stories on the BBC News Channel beginning with more traduce  to Seve Ballesteros.

 Good night.

 -- A disturbed night's sleep whether  it is the madness of the air or the  rain.

 An inch of rain in some areas.

  If you're desperate for rain in the south-east some of you will be  disappointed.

 It will be a clammy night.

 After that mucky start for  many compared with today it will feel fresher -- muggy.

 Scotland has  rain to start with.

 Fairly cloudy, showers.

 Brettenham up to sunny  spells almost.

 Still a few downpours possible.

 Isolated  showers in western Scotland.

 -- brightening up.

 Showers in north-  west England.

 They could be on the heavy side.

 Down the eastern  coastal counties of England, after a bit of sunshine during the middle  part of the day be cloud amounts

 lead to a frosty night.

 -- for many.

  Temperatures dropping below freezing first thing tomorrow  morning.

 A widespread frost.

 Away from the North West of Scotland,  two degrees.

 Thicker cloud and rain here tomorrow.

 Away from that it  will be a dry day.

 Another day where it will feel cold with plenty  of cloud in the south.

 There is a change expected next week.

 The  winds will strengthen and we will Subtitles unavailable for 1 minutes  see the return of wet-weather but  Just gone 11.

30.

 A summary of the news.

 The Egyptian Cabinet has  stood down in response to violent protests on the streets of Cairo  and other major cities.

 The authorities say at least 35  people, including ten policemen have died.

 The death toll is likely  to significantly rise as more reports come in from hospitals and  morgues arpb the country.

 There are reports of gun shotsz in  Cairo.

 Clouds of tear gas can be seen.

  Hundreds of demonstrators are ignoring de$$NEWLINE A teenager's  been stabbed to death in South London.

 The 18-year-old was stabbed  to death around midnight at East Dulwich station.

  Students are joining forces with trade unionists.

 They are angry at  public spending cuts and rising tuition fees.

 The police are well  prepared for any trouble after last month's protests turned violent.

 If  you're away from the television, you can keep up to date by watching  BBC News live on the web.

 You'll find it all there.

 Including  the latest on Egypt.

 This is our main story.

 The  Egyptian Cabinet formally resigned after four days of violent protests.

  Hundreds of demonstrators returned to the streets of Cairo.

 So far,  President Hosni Mubarak has resisted the chorus of calls to  stand down.

 What do we know about the man at the centre of these  protests? The 82-year-old has been in office since 19816789 he took  over after the assassination of Anwar sad at.

 He is Commander of  the Egyptian airforce during the 1973 war with Israel.

 As President,  he's been a firm ally of the United States, a position that's not  always been popular at home.

 In 2005 5, under American pressure, he  submitted to his first contested Presidential election.

 His critics  say his rule over Egypt is a thin facade of a democracy.

 Earlier, I  spoke to Dr Maha Azzam.

 She says the fate of the President will  become clear in the next few days.

 In Mr Mubarak's speech last night,  people are still coming on to the streets, perhaps not in as great  numbers as yet, but they are gathering.

 They are saying, it is  not good enough.

 We don't like what you said in the speech.

 Not good  enough to have a change of Cabinet.

 We've heard it before.

 We want the  regime, for you to step aside and a change of regime.

 What do you make  of the international support or lack of support? I read Mr Obama's  speech yesterday as unequivocal when it came to reform.

 He hardly  mentioned Mr Mubarak.

 He spoke of Egypt.

 He's trying to win over the  Egyptians.

 He is saying he understands the quest for freedom  and Egyptians expect better.

 We still need to wait and see what  happens with the military and that is a key point really to look at.

  That was Dr Mahathir Mohamad Azam talking to me earlier.

 Cheyanne  expert in Middle East and north Africa.

 We'll talk to her later.

 I  also spoke to Sam, an Egyptian blogger who's in Cairo.

 He's been  out and about in the city and said the situation in the capital is  intense.

 The army's everywhere.

 The police are not anywhere to be seen.

  There are tanks everywhere.

 All over the city.

 People are operating  normally.

 Everywhere you go, you find burpbt police station.

  Everybody was really mad at the Interior Ministry.

 We are still  waiting to see what the new Government is or who it will be.

  People are already marching downtown to continue their protests.

  They didn't want a change of the Government, of ministers, they want  a change of the entire regime, the Parliament, President, everybody.

  What he did yesterday, though he did the speech, it was too little  too late.

 He just made it even go crazier.

 We are waiting today to  see if the army will still remain neutral or open fire on the  population.

 You said there, Sam, aside from the protesters, other  people are going about their business normally, it is obviously  possible to still move about? it is possible to move about.

 The  existence of tanks have blocked certain areas but it is still  possible to move about.

 The interesting thing is people are  enjoying it.

 Walking around taking pictures of the burnt police  stations and burnt empty buildings.

 They seem to be very happy at what  happened.

 I don't think this will end any time soon, either.

 When we  see the chanting in the streets, what are people chanting? What are  they saying? The words from the beginning was people want the  regime to fall.

 To go away, basically.

 Today, the chants have  changed.

 The people want Mubarak to go away.

 It has reached that level.

  This is not about the Government.

 It is not about some ministers who  are changing.

 This is about everything.

 The way we've been  dumped on for 30 years.

 They have dufrpbed on us as if we are not  citizens.

 As if we live in this land and they can tell us to do  whatever they want.

 That was Sam, an Egyptian blogger.

  The BBC's Nick bowing spoke to John Kerry who chairs the US Senate  committee on foreign relations about the continued unrest in Egypt.

  He began by giving thoughts on the ongoing situation in the region.

  is obviously critical.

 Of enormous concern to everybody in the region,  everybody in the world.

 The key is for President Mubarak to respond  adequately to real frustrations and pent-up demand in the general  population of Egypt.

 I don't think his speech yesterday succeeded in  doing that.

 It is also critical that he retrain the security forces  from abusing the rights of people and try to avoid violence here.

  you have confidence he can manage what is essentially a revolutionary  situation on the streets? I think he has the ability to do it.

 I  think if he approaches this correctly, he can turn in into a  positive moment for Egypt.

 Do you fear it is too late though? It may  well be.

 That is the question.

 It may well be.

 But no matter what, he  has to respond in some way that addresses that need, even if it is  too late, he still has to step up and deal with this in order to  avoid bloodshed, in order to try to create some kind of transformation  out of this that is peaceful.

 An maintain stability.

 That is the  ultimate best outcome.

 What do you feel about the fact clearly the  military are on the streets? They are facing literally hundreds of  thousands of people in various cities now.

 It has a momentum which  is almost unstoppable.

 Do you believe the military can at least  control it? I think it really is going to depend on what President  Mubarak himself chooses to do.

 How he responds to this and speaks to  the people more effectively than he did yesterday.

 It will involve a  very specific set of guarantees about where the future is going to  go in terms of the demands that the people are making and if he doesn't  respond to that, then there could be a very dangerous confrontation.

  What do you believe America should do, given that it's one of the  largest embassies you have anywhere in the world, an extraordinarily  level of commitment you've made to Egypt in recent years? Let me  underscore, the level of commitment is to Egypt and to the Egyptian  people.

 We will maintain, I think, the fundmental values and  principles that guide us that those people need to be listened to.

 It  is important for President mueb, and we are encouraging him, he  should respond more adequately to the concerns expressed by people.

  He has to do that in order to avoid further confrontation.

 Tunisia,  Yemen, now Egypt, fears about other country, Israel extremely nervous.

  Concerns about Jordan, forks.

 What can be done to prevent this from  spiralling out of control because of the power of the street and  particularly the younger generation who do not have jobs? This is an  issue we have been warning leaders throughout the region about for a  long period of time.

 This is not new to us.

 I gave a speech in Doha  last year in which I talked about the urgency of the Arab world  improving its governance, reducing corruption, meeting the employment  and education needs of their population.

 There hasn't been a  sufficient level of concern.

 the pressure us a on their  doorsteps, knocking at the door? Each country is in an individual  place.

 Some countries have done a better job.

 Some countries have  responded.

 Some countries are more open.

 In Jordan, for instance, when  they had demonstrations, the police went out and handed out water and  orange juice, the king is particularly sensitive and  thoughtful about how to respond to those kinds of things.

 I don't see  it emerging in every single country.

 But clearly, there are some other  countries where there is a similar, pent-up demand.

 Your thoughts for  Israel given they've acute concerns about Hamas, the Egyptian role in  at least controlling the border with Gaza? It is a key role.

 No  question.

 It is one of the reasons why this is of grave concern.

 But  again, Israel has its own set of choices that I think it can make  with respect to the peace process.

 Some of the things that can be done  to try to temper down some of the frustration and humiliation, anger  and anxiety which exists in the Arab world.

 If we can get the peace  process back on track, which may sound crazy in the middle of all  this, but I don't think it is, it is central to some of this anger  and central to one of the release valves that will be necessary in  order to create stability and try to create or transform a moment out  of this N That was John Kerry talking at the World Economic Forum.

  We are hearing via AP wires out of Cairo the situation regarding  foreign tourists within Egypt.

 Foreign tourists and Egyptians have  gone to the airport trying to find flights out of the country.

  Officials in Cairo airport says carrier he willal is trying to  arrange to take 200 Israelaway tourists out of Egypt.

 Officials  speaking on condition of anonymity.

 Israel's embassy in Egypt not  talking at all.

 They are saying at the moment there are between 1500  and 2000 travellers at the two main airports.

 Most without reservations  trying to find flights out of the country.

 There are about 11,000  British tourists in the region.

 Most of them though, down in the  resorts, so away from the main areas.

 But the Foreign Office  already, we'll talk to the Foreign Office later, but they are saying  non-essential travel, if you don't need to go, don't go at the moment.

  We are also hearing from one of our BBC Arabic colleagues that  prisoners' riots have erupted in the city ofal monafiaH.

 They are  trying to control it by live fire inside the prisonment families of  the prisoners have gathered outside the front of the prison building.

  We are getting a lot of groups of people turning up at various places.

  In Suez, families are outside the morgue demanding the return of  bodies there.

 30 people died yesterday in the trouble in Suez,  including two children.

 We'll keep an eye on this.

 A lot of activity  on Twitter.

 Nicola Pearson is with me to tell us more.

 What are people  What are people saying? An awful lot going on Twitter.

 We cannot  verify the truth of any of these.

 But this is what we have at the  moment.

 One man says "demonstrators in Tahrir Square, over 50,000".

 The  curfew to be extended from 4pm until 8:00am was through Twitter.

  One lady said they are only allowed out for eight hours, that means 16  hours locked up.

 One man said he had just got off the phone with his  cousin in Egypt.

 He said what we see on TV is not quarter of what is  actually happening.

 And one of the themes is looting.

 Apparently  protesters in Alexandria arrest police officers caught looting and  hand them over to army officials.

 Someone saying my mother Witness  folks breaking into and looting in the presence of riot police.

 This  is sabotaged.

 Also people are saying some of the police are  stealing and looting.

 Citizens are catching them and passing them on  to the army.

 Apparently thousands of Egyptians formed a human chain  around the Egypt museum to protect it from looting.

 Also another one,  who calls to say UK students have formed a human chain around the  British Museum in solidarity with Egypt.

 We're also getting e-mails  to BBC News with people passing on comments and we have heard a lot  about the communication problems.

 He had been talking about this this  morning about what is going on with telecommunications.

 One man is a  telecoms engineer who is currently working in Egypt.

 He says although  telecoms systems are being returned to normal today, I wouldn't be  surprised if they go down again this evening.

 Of though it may MEB  Egyptian mobiles affected as they will be able to distinguish between  the Egyptian and a foreign originated phones.

 Is that an  indication he thinks that during the curfew they may not be able to  communicate? Absolutely, a lot of people are getting phone calls out  and they are finding it difficult to get any other sort of  communication.

 We're not seeing any photos or video because it is  harder to get data out of Egypt.

 But they are sending information to  relatives and then relatives are going on Twitter.

 One man said he  has just spoken to his brother who lives on a houseboat on the River  Nile in central Cairo.

 They are expecting further demonstrations  after the next prayers.

 He is with friends and they described the  scenes last night as a war-zone.

 It is a Disley and extremely difficult  situation for everybody out there.

 We will try and get the Twitter fee  to try and get information.

 Britain and the United States have  advised to all but essential travel to Cairo and other cities affected  to Cairo and other cities affected by those protests.

 We will be  talking to the Foreign Office later, but for Updates there is a special  live page on the website which brings together all the latest news  A little later than usual, but the headlines: The Egyptian cabinet has  formally stood down in response to violent protests on the streets of  Cairo and other major cities.

 The authorities say 35 people,  including 10 policemen had died.

 That number is disputed.

 There are  reports of gunshots in Cairo and clouds of tear gas can be seen.

  A teenager has been stabbed to death in south London.

 The 18-year-  old boy was attacked around midnight near East Dulwich rail  station.

 Students are joining forces with a  trade unionists at protests in Manchester and London.

 They are  angry at public spending cuts and rising tuition fees.

 The police in  London say they are well prepared for any trouble at the last month's  protests turned violence.

 That is the news at the moment but  we will keep you up-to-date at the situation in Egypt.

 Now the sport.

  Good morning.

 In Klosters has won her 4th grand-slam.

 At first  Australian Open.

 She denied China a first ever winner as she came from  behind to beat Li Na 3-6, 6-3, 6-3.

 With a potential tennis audience in  China reaching into the millions, this could have been the most  watched match in history.

 Just by making the final, Li Na has been  labelled a pioneer.

 Kim Klosters has hinted this will be her last  full-time year on the tennis tour so there was a sense of urgency the  way she set about her opponent.

 Taking time out to save a stray  moth, Li Na bought herself a little time to settle her nerve.

 The ball  girl did not seem so concerned.

 But that short-break played in her  favour and she played through the first set to take it 6-3.

  In an error-strewn second set, breaks of serve were traded, but it  was Kim Klosters who found the actressy that had eluded her  previously.

 The weight of expectation and her inexperience  began to tell as Li Na lost her range and the momentum was with the  player with three major titles.

 We used, the Australian crowd had  adopted Kim Klosters and supported her.

 Today, their support paid off.

  I just want to say that now I finally feel like you guys can call  me Aussie Kym because I have won the title.

  I wonder if this time tomorrow we will be reflecting on Andy Murray's  first Grand Slam title? He plays Djokovic in the men's final.

 Sunday  five years have passed since Great Mitton had a no win a grand-slam  singles.

 With no Federer or Nedal in his way, this is definitely his  best chance.

 I think I hit the ball very cleanly, maybe not the first  two matches, but the third and 4th round and started to play very well,  I was hitting the ball clean.

 The match in the quarters with such a  strange player, threw me a lot.

 I was hitting the ball badly in  practice.

 I lost my rhythm a little bit.

 And they think that showed  against David Ferrer in the semi- final.

 I went for my shots more and  came forward.

 Something I worked on in the off-season.

 I think I  volleyed very well in that match.

 In the final it is important to  serve well.

 Take chances when I get them.

 He struggled a bit on his  serve in the last couple of years and that is something I will look  to try and exploit.

 It is live on the BBC tomorrow from  8:15am on BBC One.

 Commentary on Radio 5 Live Sports Extra.

  Fernando Torres is in Spain while his future at Liverpool is decided  after turning down his transfer request, Liverpool insist he mussy  up the rest of his contract until 2013.

 But he wants to leave  following a bid from Chelsea.

 At the reports, his form has improved  since the return of Kenny Dalglish will stop Chelsea on nine points  ahead of them in-Baulk.

 It Chelsea increased their offer it might test  Liverpool's resolve.

 Time is running out with the transfer  window closing.

 Liverpool are hoping to complete  the signing of Luis Suarez from ix.

 They are out of the Lee Cook while  Let's go back to the upsets and Crawley know what it takes to dump  out Derby.

 That is all the sport for now.

  We want to go back to the situation in Egypt were latest reports say  eight people have been killed.

 President Obama spoke to President  Mubarak last night telling him he must give meaning to the pledges  and provide economic and Democratic opportunities to the Egyptian  people.

 In a televised a month, he warned the authorities not to use  violence against peaceful protesters.

 Ultimately, the future  of Egypt will be determined by the Egyptian people.

 I believe the  Egyptian people want the same things we all want.

 A better life  for ourselves and our children, and a Government that is fair and just  and responsive.

 Put simply, the Egyptian people want a future that  befits the heirs to a great and ancient civilisation.

 The United  States always will be a partner in pursuit of that future and we are  committed to working with the Egyptian Government and the  Egyptian people.

 All quarters, to achieve it.

 Around the world,  governments have an obligation to respond to their citizens.

 It is  true in the United States, it is true in Asia, it is true in Europe.

  It is true in Africa, and it is certainly true in the Arab world  where new generation of citizens has the right to be heard.

 When I  was in Cairo shortly after I was elected, I said all governments  must maintain power through consent, not collision.

 Bat is the single  standard by which the people of Egypt will achieve the future they  deserve.

 Surely there will be difficult days to come, but the  United States will continue to stand up for the rights of the  Egyptian people and work with their Government in pursuit of a future  that is more just, more free and hopeful.

  We are continuing with the mostly dry weather across the United  Kingdom but it is still cold.

 We are seeing signs of sunshine in  places.

 Breaks through the rest of today giving a bright feel to  things but temperatures struggling.

 This is the satellite picture.

  Setting the scene showing thickest cloud down across the south.

  Brightness through the northern counties of England and Northern  Ireland.

 The cloud coming and going in the afternoon.

 Not a bad looking  they in Northern Ireland with temperatures in Belfast five  degrees.

 Milder a cross North West Scotland.

 Mostly dry and bright.

  Sunshine through the Moray Firth.

 A more central Scotland, there could  be light rain or drizzle but sunshine continuing across the  northern counties of England.

 It is North Wales seen the best of any  sunshine, but further south of the cloud is thicker and you can see  temperatures in Cardiff struggling at around two, Three degrees.

 They  Coldfield across south-west England with Cornwall seeing good spells of  sunshine.

 The cloud in the south- east corner.

 A cold north-easterly  wind and temperatures at around two, Three degrees.

 Despite cloud  overnight, it is not going to stop those temperatures falling away.

  There will be a widespread frost throughout tonight with  temperatures below freezing to start off a Sunday morning.

 But of  course, on Sunday morning many eyes will be turned to the other side in  Australia where they will have hit 40 degrees by the day.

 An evening  when play is going on it will be hot and humid.

 Plenty of coverage  of that game through the BBC.

 Back to our time on Sunday morning, it  will be a cold start, plenty of cloud around tomorrow.

 A few breaks  in places and rain across North West Scotland.

 Accompanied by  degrees at strengthening we could see Hill snow for a time,  temperatures lifted 27 degrees.

 Typical temperatures elsewhere, up  to five Celsius.

 We have the FA Cup fourth-round on Sunday afternoons.

  Grey and overcast, but it should be dry.

 The rain is on its way next  week and we will see a change in

 joining us on interactive.

 We will  Here are the headlines: The spending gap between Wales and  England it university is greater than ever.

 This is badger digging.

  Today, Christian Latcham is sentenced for what is described as  unspeakable cruelty to animals.

 Plans for the world's largest wood-  burning power station take a step forward despite local protests.

  And the rain has eased off for now but there is more away.

 Join me in  a few minutes to find out which parts are most at risk of flooding.

  And in the sport, a look at the crunch games in this weekend's  Heineken Cup.

 And.

.

.

 He warned: The shirt again  but Ryan Giggs talks to Gary Speed about joining the backroom team.

  Good evening.

 The gap between university spending in Wales and  England is wider than ever.

 Per student, the Assembly Government  spends around £900 last than the UK government.

 The figures come in  research from the higher education funding council for Wales.

 More  from our education Correspondent.

 Graduation at Swansea University in  the height of summer.

 It is an occasion to remember.

 What is it  like to study here? Welsh universities receive millions of  pounds last in public funding compared to their rivals in England.

  Students here say it is starting to show.

 You can tell that some  lecture theatres need renewing.

 It is obvious.

 I pay the same amount  to come to Swansea because I wanted to.

 I should get the same amount of  funding, I think.

 This campus is tired and worn out.

 It is clear  that there needs to be more investment.

 What is to blame? Well,  the simple fact is that successive governments in Cardiff Bay have not  kept up with the level of investment in universities put in  first by Tony Blair and then Gordon Brown's government in Westminster.

  10 years ago, just £20 less per student was spent by the Assembly  Government in Wales than the UK Government in Wales than the UK  government in England.

 By to designate, the difference per  student was almost £900.

 -- by 2008.

 We have learnt to cope.

 Our motto  is more for less.

 The remarkable thing about Wales is how well we do  in the annual National students survey.

 Welsh universities do very  well.

 We get less but our students do not suffer at all.

 But there  will be less again in future.

 Money that did go to Welsh universities  will go instead to Welsh students, covering the cost of increased  tuition fees.

 Professor Stephen Maguire has worked in England and  abroad and says that universities abroad and says that universities  here are being left behind.

 We lack the fully internationally renowned  universities of parts of England.

 I think we could get there but we  have to remember that requires resources.

 The Assembly Government  says the funding gap will effectively be abolished in future  because budgets are set to fall sharply in England.

 It will not  please universities but the shortfall may yet be plot by  cutting less rather than investing more.

 -- plus bid.

  Do auteur Andrew Crawley has been keeping an -- a close eye on  university funding.

 How much worse off it are well students? I think  it is what you do with the resources that we have.

 If you look  at the National students survey, in the last few years, Welsh  universities have risen up that list.

 They're doing a good job of  the resources they have, or will they are less than in the rest of  the UK.

 It is what you do with the resources.

 As the funding gap  decreases in the next few years, it is about keeping doing the things  right that we are doing now, not just wandering further resources.

  You have mentioned that the Government is saying the funding  gap will disappear.

 Is that correct? It appears to be the case  that the teaching grants in the rest of the UK will begin to fall  and in Wales, it will begin to fall at lesser rate.

 Eventually, the gap  will decline.

 That puts the Welsh universities that a good position,  but it is not just putting them at an advantage, it is continuing to  generate them over the next few years.

 Briefly, a new Labour  government in the UK spent millions of funding in the UK.

 We did not in  Wales.

 Was it a missed opportunity to? It was, I believe it.

 It could  have helped us ride the recession out in a better way.

 Thank you very  much.

 Deliberate, premeditated acts of  unspeakable cruelty to animals.

 The verdict from the magistrates on a  23-year-old to pleaded guilty of cruelty to badgers.

 Christian  Latcham was given a suspended sentence and ordered to pay £1,000  to the RSPCA.

 You may find some of the images in this report  disturbing.

 This footage found on Christian Latcham's phone shows  what is called badger digging, when badgers are dug out of their sets  with the help of dogs who were then set on them.

 In this instance, it  was a crime that could have gone undetected.

 Christian Latcham was  arrested at this petrol station on an unrelated offence in 2009.

 But  when he was taken to the computer - - to the police station, he tried  to conceal his phone.

 When police looked on his mobile phone, be  found at the videos and images, including Christian latch and  standing with the carcasses of badgers.

 -- Christian Latcham.

 It  was then they contacted the RSPCA.

 Christian Latcham posing with his  dogs and their victims.

 When the RSPCA went to his house, they found  one of his terriers had suffered injuries which had not been  immediately treated.

 The RSPCA says badger digging is a problem in the  valleys of South Wales.

 They say there are significant numbers of  people that actively pursue badgers in areas of woodland like this one.

  They say prosecuting them is very difficult because in last they are  actually caught in the act, it can be hard to prove it.

 -- unless they  are caught.

 It this case, he prosecuted himself  by having trophies on his mobile phone.

 It is difficult in as much  as you have to trap the people at the scene of the crime.

 In this  case, it is like the different.

 As I said, Christian Latcham did all  the hard work for us.

 Christian Latcham was disqualified from  keeping or owning dogs indefinitely.

 Magistrates said they were appalled  by what they had seen.

 Nine men including three from  Cardiff have appeared in court in London via video link accused of  planning terrorist attacks in the UK.

 29 year-old Guru-kanth Desai,  Omar Sharif Latif, 27, and 24-year- old Abdul Malik Miah are accused of  a plot to target landmarks including the Stock Exchange and  the Houses of Parliament.

 People are being allowed to return  to their homes after they were evacuated following a fire at a  warehouse in Milford Haven.

 An exclusion zone was set up around  the building but no one was hurt.

 A man has appeared in court charged  with grievous bodily harm after a death.

 Christopher Joseph Cluskey  was taken to magistrates after a man was found dead in his home on  Monday.

 People are warned to expect more  flooding this weekend as the rain returns.

 There is one flood warning  in force at the moment on the river critic.

 Ross Harris is there.

  If December was the month of snow and ice, January is the month of  wind and rain.

 It has eased off slightly tonight but there is more  on the way.

 There is currently a flood warning in place at this  river in Tenby.

 It is unlikely because it looks come, I know, but  there is a man who can explain the flood warning.

 Why is it in place?  Although you can see it is a slow- moving river, it has broken its  banks further up.

 It is currently flooding extensively.

 So it is not  a raging torrent, like in other places, but although it looks  deceptive, potentially it is dangerous? It is.

 As I said,  because it is slow-moving, it will spill out over a large area above  us.

 Plenty more rain on the way.

 Give us an idea of the situation in  Wales for the weekend.

 Which areas are most at risk? We expect wind  and rain tonight.

 The worst affected area will be North Wales.

  It will fact the whole of Wales, will site and tomorrow.

 -- both  tonight and tomorrow.

 The rivers are full at the moment, and any  more rain will make them react quicker.

 Any advice to people  living in these areas who might potentially be going away over the  weekend? Be extremely vigilant.

 Especially with high winds.

 We have  the added danger of trees, water, the combination is dangerous.

  you for joining us.

 From a relatively calm river back to the  studio.

 Still to come: Have you changed  much over the last few decades? After snapping portraits 25 years  ago, a photographer puts his models back in focus.

 We will be revealing  some of the team 25 years ago.

 First, Newton Talbot council has  become the first in Wales to reach an agreement with its staff over  reduced pay and conditions next year.

 All staff are earning more  than £21,000 a year -- all staff than £21,000 a year -- all staff  earning more than £21,000 for making voluntary, but -- payment of  making voluntary, but -- payment of 2%.

 How difficult were these  negotiations? They were difficult up and over an extended period of  time.

 But the results are encouraging.

 The workforce has made  a great contribution.

 Will the need to be compulsory redundancies even  after this agreement? -- will there needs to be compulsory redundancies.

  This agreement enables us to involve wholesale compulsory  redundancies.

 I cannot give any absolute guarantees, but I think  this is a major step forward in terms of safeguarding jobs.

 And,  indeed, protecting frontline services.

 Councillors are not  seeing reductions in their allowances.

 Why not? The important  thing to remember is that councillors' allowances are set by  an independent panel who make recommendations on allowances  across Wales.

 Last year, the members took a decision to four-  goal a proposed 3% increase and I'm sure they will be looking at this  year's panel report in light of the agreement signed today.

 You think  there could be reductions in the future? That is for discussion but  I think it is a possibility.

 significant is this for other local  authorities? Many local authorities across Wales are facing the same  sorts of issues as we have done.

 However, there are differences in  terms and traditions -- terms and conditions across Wales.

 I would  not like to comment specifically on what is going on elsewhere but  hopefully we can share our experiences in a positive way.

  Thank you very much.

 Teacher training at Bangor and  Aberystwyth universities is being merged into a new centre covering  North and Mid Wales.

 Video conferencing will be used so that  resources in the institutions can be shared.

 The move is part of a  wider project to promote collaboration.

  Plans for what has been billed as the world's largest wood-burning  power station have taken another step forward.

 A 350 megawatt plant  is claimed to have the capacity to power half a million homes.

 They  have asked the Environment Agency to increase chemical emissions from  Burning wood can generate electricity.

 The same goes for  other organic material, or biomass, and the process is regarded by many  as a way of generating clean, renewable energy.

 Port Talbot  already has such a power station here at Margam, but there are plans  for another.

 Prenergy, the company who want to build it, believe it  would be the world's largest.

 Here, in the shadow of Port Talbot's  steelworks, they want to construct a wood-burning power station on a  vast scale.

 A 350 mega watt plant so large that the company claim  it'll produce enough electricity to power half the homes in Wales.

 The  £400m plant would also create 150 jobs.

 But there's been local  opposition from the start because of fears of pollution.

 Despite that,  it was granted planning permission back in 2007, subject to it meeting  strict environmental criteria.

 Prenergy has now asked for  amendments to the original environmental permit which would  mean doubling of the nitrous oxide levels, an increase in hydrogen  chloride emissions, and a jump from 6 to 50 milligrams per cubic metre  of sulphur dioxide.

 They also want to be allowed use wood pellets as  well as wood chip.

 The Environment Agency has said it is minded to  allow them.

 I recognise that the people of Port  Talbot are concerned.

 We have consulted with it local health  board and the Environmental Health Department of the local authority.

  We have shared the information with them and they have suggested that  there will be no harm to human health.

  But local campaigners are angry about the proposed rise in  emissions, and believe it'll have an impact on already high pollution  levels in the town.

 We wonder how our health can be  protected when this company will be permitted to pump these chemicals  into the atmosphere when we are braving the worst air in Wales.

 Why  is this company increasing the emissions limits? The answer is  because they can't find enough woodchip with the correct chemical  constituency.

 The Environment Agency today began  a 28 day consultation period, to gauge public opinion on the changes.

  Well, there's an energised sporting weekend coming up.

 Here's Claire.

  Good evening.

 Ryan Giggs has told the BBC he doesn't intend to come  out of international retirement, even for a couple of games.

 But  there's hope tonight, that Giggs might join the backroom team of new  Wales manager, Gary Speed.

 The former teammates were in talks  today to discuss a possible coaching role in the national set-  up.

 Here's Ashleigh Crowter.

 It's a sight Wales fans would love  to see.

 But Ryan Giggs says he won't be pulling on a Welsh jersey  again.

 Today he's meeting his former team-mate, the new Wales  manager, Gary Speed, where a coaching rather than playing role  is likely to be on the agenda.

 I retired from international  football to hope fleet prolong my career and to give me that rest  during the season when I needed.

 I felt I have done that.

 I don't  think are going back for one or two games is probably on the cards.

 I  have always said that I would love to come back and coach or manage  Wales.

 I will hopefully be part of a team that qualify for a major  championship, every Welsh man wants to see Wales at a World Cup.

  It's back to league action for Wales' two Championship clubs this  weekend.

 Craig Bellamy is expected to play for second-placed Cardiff  against his old club, Norwich, despite his arrest earlier this  week.

 Craig Bellamy is fine.

 He now has  to go through all of this.

 He is all right and he will get on with  it.

 It is all pending investigations so everybody will  have an opinion.

 I have been through that myself so I know what  it is like.

 Do I agree with it? No.

 Meanwhile Swansea face Crystal  Palace tomorrow in a lunchtime kick-off.

 Manager, Brendan Rodgers,  has been forced to reorganise his defence with captain, Garry Monk,  out injured.

 He's now considering getting loan cover, with Chelsea's  Patrick Van Aanholt a possible target.

  I know Patrick well.

 He played in the last game for Chelsea against  Ipswich and he did very well.

 He is one of a number of names that may  come into the reckoning.

 Meanwhile Newport County play their  first match since the departure of manager Dean Holdsworth.

 They're  away at Mansfield in round two of the FA trophy, while Wrexham travel  to Salisbury.

 Cricket and Glamorgan have  confirmed the appoint of their new coach.

 Australian, Matthew Mott has  agreed a three-year deal.

 The 37- year-old turned down the chance to  coach New Zealand two years ago.

 He's now left his job as head coach  of New South Wales, and will join the Welsh county in March, just two  weeks before the championship season starts.

  It was important to appoint the best coach for the job for the long  term.

 This is a five-year commitment.

 He was, to us, the best  coach with a proven track record.

 Rugby, Warren Gatland has delayed  naming his squad for this year's Six Nations to a week on Monday.

  The Ospreys centre, Andrew Bishop, the latest set to miss most of the  tournament.

 He's picked up an ankle injury.

 The Wales coach will be  keeping a close eye on the weekend's European action.

 Two  Welsh regions out of it but two very much still in it.

 The Blues  play tonight.

 They and the Dragons' European dreams are over.

 Here are  the fixtures.

 But things very much still on for the Scarlets and  Ospreys as they approach crunch time.

  The scarlet and the Ospreys are flying the flag for Europe.

 This is  how they group stands.

 With two rounds to go, the Welsh regions  such top but their opponents are still hunting the top spot, knowing  it could mean a home quarter-final.

 They have been some great showdowns  be a over the years between these sides but it is a must-win game and  the coach says it is all about the present.

  Those days are gone.

 That was then, this is now.

 We are excited about  this group of players.

 Who knows.

 Anything is possible.

 I think we  are capable of winning this game but we have to make sure that  everything is in place and are mindset is right.

 We have to bring  a physicality and balance to the game.

 If we do all of those things,  who knows? Also coming back are the are sprays.

  Lee Byrne returning to duty for their clash against London Irish on  Saturday.

 He will be joined by a Adam Jones and Mike Phillips.

 Their  group stands like first.

 They are third in Pool Three, behind the  leaders who they play next week, and Munster.

  We have got to win a fair and if we can, we have to win the decider at  home.

 We need the two wings.

 That is all we can do.

 We are looking  forward to it.

 We know that the next few weeks will dictate the  season and everyone is excited.

 With so many players returning from  injury, Warren Gatland has delayed naming his Six Nations scored to  give them a chance to prove their fitness.

 Gavin Henson has been  named on the bench for the Saracens game against Leinster tomorrow.

  Time is running out for him to convince Gatland he is ready.

  More chat on Sport Wales tonight on BBC2 Wales in a few minutes at  7:00pm.

 And finally, the team in real form  at the moment, the Cardiff Devils, will go for their 22nd win in a row  this weekend.

 The Welsh club who are top of the Ice Hockey Elite  League are home to Coventry tomorrow night, then away to Dundee  Stars Sunday.

 Their fans are delighted.

  That's it from me.

 Now Lucy's going to take us down memory lane with a  blast from the past.

 Yes, Claire, brace yourself for  this.

 Yes, it is me 25 years ago, back in the '80s.

 I'm not proud of  it so let's get rid of it now, please! Now, there is a reason we  showed you that great hat, apart from embarrassing me.

 25 years ago  a photographer in Aberystwyth captured images of the town in all  its '80s glory.

 And the collection is back on display, as Simon Pusey  reports.

 Aberystwyth in 1986.

 Margaret  Thatcher was Prime Minister and big hair was certainly the fashion.

 25  years ago, the town was captured.

 Local buildings, shops and people  were put under the lens by eight the photographer Keith Morris.

  There was a collection of ramshackle buildings full of  artists like myself.

 I grabbed people and invited them into the  studio.

 I had the likes set up and the backdrop.

 I had the camera  waiting.

 They stood in front of the camera.

 They looked straight into  the lens and it was one frame.

 That is all it takes.

 It was about  getting something special.

 A quarter of a century on and the  collection is back on display.

 Keith is calling on those who took  part to be photographed again took update the collection.

  It is a bit like opening Pandora's box.

 More and more memories come  flying out.

 Seeing how young and innocent we were.

 Seeing how much  potential we have in our pictures.

 It was an amazing sensation and an  amazing reaction.

 We had people showing them on Facebook.

  One of those who has returned is proved Jane.

 She still owns most of  the closed in the photo.

 It is strange to see the detail of  that time.

 Seeing something of that age back in such some fine detail  is quite disconcerting.

 I don't think you have to know anybody  there to realise that ambience you get from the photos and that is  what it was like.

 The town and its people may have  changed but thanks to this exhibition, its past has been  immortalised forever.

 Now Derek, I think we've got a  picture of you from back in the '80s.

 There it is.

 How old were you  there? I must have been 22.

 No grey hairs  back then! What is the weather going to be  It did cheer-up today with a few showers but its not going to stay  dry over the weekend.

 More trouble is brewing in the Atlantic.

 This  mass of cloud is heading our way, bringing another dose of wet and  windy weather.

 Some heavy rain and strong to gale force winds.

 On the  high ground in the south and west, the Brecon beacons, another 30 to  50mm of rain is expected tomorrow, one or two inches.

 100mm on the  Snowdonia mountains, four inches.

 So there is a risk of more flooding.

  At the moment, there are eight flood alerts in force and three  flood warnings on the river Ely and the Ritec in Tenby.

 So this evening  showers will die away.

 Dry for a time but it won't last.

 More wet  weather will spread across the country after midnight.

 Some heavy  rain.

 The south-westerly wind strengthening as well with  temperatures staying well above freezing.

 The reason for rain is  low pressure in the Atlantic, pushing fronts across Britain.

 The  air very mild and moist.

 Lots of isobars too, and that means lots of  wind.

 So tomorrow morning, have a lie-in if you can.

 It's going to be  wet and windy.

 More heavy rain, hill fog and poor visibility.

  Temperature above average and windy.

 Gales in the northwest and through  the Menai Strait.

 Later in the morning and during the afternoon  the rain will ease off away from the northwest.

 Parts of Powys, the  south and east and the northeast turning drier.

 Top temperatures 10  to 12 Celsius and windy.

 The south- westerly wind strong.

 Gales on  exposed coasts and hills.

 Forecast wind gusts 50 to 60 mph.

 Severe  gales on the mountains.

 Sunday, more rain.

 Again, some heavy rain  with a risk of flooding.

 The rain slowly clearing away from the  northwest.

 The strong wind easing as well.

 Now despite all the rain,  it has been mild recently and the daffodils are starting to bloom.

  John Jones spotted this one in Swansea.

 Thanks, John.

 Spring is a  long way off but next week will be much drier with some frost and fog  Something to look forward to! Thank

 The coalition comes under new  pressure as the Business Secretary describes his Conservative parterss  in ruthless, calculating and tribal.

 It follows a double blow for the  Lodz, losing hundreds of English council seats and a resounding no  in the AV referendum.

 Alex Salmond promises a referendum  of independence for Scotland after his party's historic win in the  elections in Scotland.

 The Democratic Unionists and Sinn Fein  look set to remain the biggest parties in Northern Ireland, but  there is criticism of how long the counting is taking.

  In other news: The golfing great,  Seve Ballesteros has died.

 After a  Good afternoon.

 The Business Secretary, Vince Cable,  has launched a fierce attack on his Conservative colleagues, describing  them as ruthless, kaing collating and tribal.

 He said that the  Liberal Democrats would continue to work with them in coalition  government.

 He was speaking after the Lib Dems suffered two heavy  blows, losing hundreds of councillors in the local elections  in England and a no vote on the referendum reform.

 In a moment we  are live in Scotland where the Scottish National Party is  preparing for a second term in government and the latest from  Wales and Northern Ireland.

 It is almost a year exactly since  this, David Cameron and his coalition partner, Nick Clegg, in  what was described as a love-in, but the kosiness is almost  certainly over.

 The Prime Minister and his  Conservatives have been embolden ed by the election performance.

 Nick  Clegg is a weakened politician.

 The coalition goes on, though, but for  some it still hurts.

 Some of us never had illusions  about the Conservatives, but they have been known as ruthless,  calculating and tribal, but that does not mean we could not work  with them.

 It make it is difficult? I think  that they have always been that way.

 Paddy Ashdown told the BBC he  blames the Tories for, "The national vilifiction of our party  and its leader.

" They will move on.

 Parliament looks the same on the  outside, but inside things have changed.

 The balance of power has  shifted.

 There are no signs of the coalition collapsing, but Lib Dems  want to shout louder about their achievements, to give voters a  clearer demonstration of what they are getting done in government.

  There is not an appetite to give more from the other side.

  When it comes to the coalition going forward, it is important to  somebody -- to be seen as a joint exercise.

 Nothing is worse than us  as it were, giving the liberals a whole lot of concessions.

 There are  difficult decisions to be made, especiallyally on health reforms,  for the liberals to be getting the credit for changings it would be  concerning.

 In Scotland, independence is on the  agenda.

 Labour suffered at their hands.

 In Wales, Ed Miliband's  party made progress, but it did not break through to take over the  assembly on its own.

 In Northern Ireland, the counting is going on,  but the signs are that it is a similar picture, the Democratic  Unionists and the Sinn Fein are the dominant parties.

  It is probably not pretty in the Liberal Democrats headquarters,  some are clearly angry at the conduct of coalition partners, but  neither side wants to jump ship.

 The dynamic has changed.

 The  Liberal Democrats will find it harder to make demands of the  Conservative as they sit back around the Cabinet table.

  So, the Scottish National Party is preparing for a second term in  government in Edinburgh.

 This time with an overall majority.

 The party  is expected to hold a referendum on Scottish independence towards the  end of its term.

 Lorna Gordon is in Holyrood.

 Lorna,  it will be a triumphant Alex Salmond to meet the MP iss? Yes,  meeting for the first time this afternoon.

 They will be in a great  mood.

 What they have achieved is historic.

 The first time that a  nationalist party has managed to gain more than half of the seats in  any devolved governments or administrations.

 While they are  celebrating, the other parties in Scotland will be reflecting on what  went wrong.

 There are questions about the future of the leaders of  the three parties going forward.

 Ian Grey has said he will resign  and Annabel Goldie has said that she will stay on.

 Liberal Democrats  have had a dismal night.

 Wiped off the map of the main constituencies  in mainland Scotland.

 A poor showing for them.

  So, the prospects of a referendum for independence in strong  contention? David Cameron has phoned Alex Salmond to congratulate  him.

 He has said that he believes in the union, he will fight to keep  it going with every fibre in his body.

 I don't think that Alex  Salmond is in a hurry to hold a referendum on independence.

 They  have said to aim for one in the second half of this five-year term.

  He eknows that the polls show that less than a third of Scots support  independence.

 What he is to do first is to aim for more economic  powers for the Scottish government here.

 I think you underestimate  Alex Salmond at your peril.

 It is not clear how the Welsh is to  be run or who has been elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly.

 In a  moment we are hearing from our correspondent in Cardiff.

 First, we  have this report on Belfast.

 Mark, the results there are still coming  in, what are you hearing? It is a real election marathon over here in  Northern Ireland.

 Here we are, two days after the polls closed and  they are still counting.

 Half of the seats have to be filled in the  108-member new Stormont Assembly.

 The reason for that? Well, there  have been a series of delays and mishappens with the counts in one  constituency, votes got wet.

 The staff had to use hair driers to dry  some of the ballot papers.

 In other constituencies votes were mixed up.

  But slowly but surely, they are getting there.

 The state is that  the two big winners are the Democratic Unionists and the Sinn  Fein well ahead of the other parties in Northern Ireland.

 The  big story here is -- has been the performance by peter Robinson.

 He  has done very well.

 It looks as though his party is going to the  top of the poll.

 Thistime last year had had been written off.

 It looked  like his political career was over, now he has bounced back.

 The cock  backkid of Northern Ireland politics.

  -- the comeback kid of Northern Ireland politics.

  So, Labour in the driving seat in Cardiff, but what are their options  in forming of the government? They have two options, to tough it out,  to govern for five years with 30 other seats, but that would mean  getting every member out for every vote for five years.

 An easier  option is to go back into a coalition.

 We have had two of those  here in Wales, recently with Plaid Cymru, who took a hammering in the  election.

 Labour have a strong position, but they have raised a  third choice it is less clear cut, but some form of informal alliance  with the other parties, doing deals on the policies on which they  agreed.

 Lots of horse trading going It raises the proposition of the  Liberal Democrats being part of a pact with Labour in Wales, but  being part of a condemn coalition in Westminster.

 We will wait until  all of the pieces fall into place.

 Thank you very much.

  Our Political Correspondent Laura Kuenssberg is at Westminster for us.

  We have heard strong words, Laura, from Vince Cable, to what extent  are the elections to shake up the coalition? They say not to mix  business and pleasure, but in the first few months of the coalition,  the party leadership looked like it was pleasure.

 Nick Clegg and David  Cameron looking like they were enjoying it.

 Now, the Lib Dems are  saying that the relationship is to be more business-like, more  transactional, but there is still the sniping from Vince Cable and  Paddy Ashdown.

 Using strong words about their colleagues it is not  business-like, really, is it? Now, we would be naive not to think that  some of that is designed to make Lib Dems feeling sore this weebgtd  feel that their guys are standing up for them -- sore this weekend,  feeling like they are standing up for them.

 That they know what they  are doing, they are still their own party, but this does sour the  relationships in the coalition.

 I think by the beginning of next week  things will quieten down.

 We shoul not forget what has happened to  Labour.

 A decent result in most of England, but patchy in the north  and the south, but a terrible result for them in Scotland, it is  not cheered by the fact that they are back in power in Wales.

  There are more details about the elections online including a guide  to the votes in your area.

 Enter  Tributes have been paid to one of  the greatest golfers of all time, Seve Ballesteros, who has died aged  54 after a long battle with cancer.

 For two decades in the mid1970s, he  was one of the leading figures in international golf.

  He won the Open twice and led the European team to victory.

  Golf was never the same once Seve Ballesteros started to play.

 His  rounds explored every emotion and often every inch of the course.

  He succeeded with shots few could imagine.

  It was brave, cavalier, and fans loved it.

  Famously, he learned golf on a Spanish beach with the Solitary  Club.

 He won the Open, the first of five majors, still in his early 20s.

  In 1980, he became the first European to win the US Masters.

  Five times a part of the Ryder Cup victory.

 A captain at Valderrama in  Spain.

 Injury forced Seve Ballesteros to remember tirement a  decade later.

 In October, 2008, he was diagnosed with a brain tumour.

  Seve Ballesteros fought back.

 A recovery he himself described as a  miracle.

 He was well enough to receive a BBC Lifetime Achievement  Award in 2009.

 He was unable to fulfil his dream of returning to  the Open.

 Seve Ballesteros possessed a unique  gift for golf, but even more precious, charisma beyond measure.

  COMMENTATOR: Do you think he heard  Seve Ballesteros.

 He has died at  the age of 54.

 A man has appeared in court,  charged with the murder of a woman found dead in woods in Derbyshire.

  Mr Ashton was last seen leaving work in March, her body was  discovered three days later.

 David Simmonds was remanded in custody by  magistrates in Derby.

 Reports have announced that Sir  Paul McCartney is to get married for a third time to Nancy Shevell.

  An hair es and socialite from New York.

  Sir Paul McCartney and his girlfriend have been seen together  in public over the past few years.

 Here they eare in Paris a few  months ago at an event for his daughter, stella.

 The lady on the  former Beatle's arm is Nancy Shevell, a 51-year-old American  divorcee he has dated for four years.

 They were first seen  together in the upmarket American resort of the Hamptons, she is said  to get on well with Sir Paul McCartney's five children.

  That was not the case for the second wife, Heather Mills.

 Their  union was said to be unpopular with his children.

 They had a little  girl before divorcing in 2008.

 Sir Paul McCartney's first marriage was  to Linda Eastman, famously so in love, they were only parted once  briefly in 29 years before she died of cancer.

 Nancy Shevell is a woman  of wealth.

 She graduated in business and has a senior position  in her fathary's trucking company.

 Sir Paul McCartney has said of the  romance, that he just likes being in love.

  In the past few minutes, the

 .

 British Apache attack helicopters  in action in Libya for the first time.

 Among the targets one of  Gaddafi's ra dar stations.

 French helicopters are involved in the  mission.

 On the ground in Libya, the Foreign  Secretary, William Hague, holding talks with rebel leaders in their  stronghold of Benghazi.

 Of course we want a political, not  a military solution to any con complict any conflict, but that's  only possible if Colonel Gaddafi will go.

  We will be live in Tripoli for the latest.

 A man tipped to replace  Osama Bin Laden as the head of Al- Qaeda is reportedly killed in a US  drOn attack in Pakistan.

 Mourning the four people killed in the oil  refinery explosion in Pembrokeshire.

 And the Queen's Derby dreams dashed  as her horse horse only makes third  Good evening.

  British Apache helicopters are tonight preparing for more missions  in Libya a day after they came under fire carrying out their first  attacks on Colonel Gaddafi's forces.

 The Apaches flying from HMS Ocean  carried out two strikes in the oil town of Brega.

 One was a radar  station and the other a military checkpoint.

 Other defence  correspondent Jonathan Beale sent It is the proof that Britain's  stepping up the offensive.

 Four Apache helicopters ready to launch  from a warship.

 Tightening the vice on Colonel Gaddafi.

 We watched as  they made their final preparations for a mission that would involve  increased risks.

 The Apaches would be flying slower and lower than  other NATO war warplanes.

 There is a range of risks.

  Ultimately small arms threat, rocket propelled grenades.

  Under the cover of darkness, they took off, for their first strikes  over Libya.

 Soon they would be within range of their targets.

  You can see the lights of the Libyan coast in the background  where within 20 miles of Libya itself.

 Those Apaches that have  just left, we have been told, will strike targets within the area of  Brega.

 From the deck, we could see the  impact of the Apaches Hellfire missiles creating flashes of light  in the darkness.

 The Ministry of Defence has released cockpit video  of the Apache strike on a target missed by other NATO warplanes.

  France which launched attacks with their gazelle helicopters hit  military vehicles and sites within the country.

 Within two hours, the  British Apaches were back on board HMS Ocean.

 We understand they were  fired upon, one of the flight crusade they were able to deal with  the threats on the ground.

 We struck a military radar  installation along the coast which we destroyed with Hellfire missiles.

  The arrival of the Apache marks an he is escalation, but into  guarantees they can bring an end to A few after those Apache helicopter  attacks, William Hague made a visit to the rebel stronghold of Benghazi  in the east of the country.

 He said that only Colonel Gaddafi's  departure from power would end the fighting.

 Wyre Davies is in Tripoli  reports where this latest military escalation leaves the conflict now.

  Barely had the Apaches returned safely to HMS Ocean and William  Hague was arriving in Benghazi.

 The Foreign Secretary's first visit to  the rebel stronghold.

 While NATO's military objectives are limited to  protecting civilians, the UK and other European governments are  openly throwing their full political support behind the  opposition, insisting the only acceptable outcome is for Colonel  Gaddafi to go.

 Of course, we all want a political,  not a military solution to any conflict including to this one, but  that is only only possible if Colonel Gaddafi will go.

  Now into his fourth month, the rebel uprising is making slow  progress.

 Last night's helicopter strikes on Brega, an oil town on  the eastern front, will boost opposition forces as they try to  push out from Ajdabiya.

 They are objective to reach Misrata that in  coming days may benefit from the protective cover of the Apaches,  but Tripoli remains under Government control.

 Will that  change with the arrival of the Apaches? The Apache strikes are  significant and they are significant for the military  capabilities that they will bring, but they are they are significant  for the message they are sending Colonel Gaddafi.

 What it is saying  to him is that just as President Obama and Nicolas Sarkozy said a  month ago in newspapers, he has got to go.

  Anti-Government forces claimed they are gaining the upper hand in parts  of western Libya.

 After almost 10,000 sorties by NATO  planes, since the end of March, and the added impact of the helicopter  strikes, the final outcome in Libya maybe inevitable, but Colonel  Gaddafi shows no sign of Well, we can speak to Wyre now.

  What's been happening today where you are?  Well, William Hague described his visit as part of a co-ordinated  approach.

 In the east that means politics recognising the rebling  administration -- rebel administration over there.

 What  that means in the West is more bombing.

 Not only did we have the  Apache raids, but in the last couple of hours, there have been  twelve bombing raids in and around Tripoli before darkness fell.

 That  means there has been nearly 10,000 sorties by NATO bombers since the  31st March and it shows no sign of abating at all.

 The Government here  in Tripoli accused Mr Hague of interfering in a foreign country,  but he said that as far as he and other European governments were  concerned, there is no political future for Libya that involves  Colonel Gaddafi.

 A British soldier has been killed  in Southern Afghanistan.

 The servicemen from the Highlanders,  4th Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland was shot in Helmand  province.

 Syrian tanks reported to have  approached Hama a day after some of the bloodiest clashes between  Government forces and protesters since the uprising began.

 Human  Rights Human Rights organisations say over 60 people were killed  during protests after Friday prayers.

 Tens of thousands of  people are reported to have attended the funerals today.

  One of Pakistan Pakistan's most senior militants and a possible  successor to Osama Bin Laden is reported to have been killed in a  US drone attack.

 According to local officials, Ilyas Kashmiri died.

 The  Al-Qaeda commander was believed to have been behind a string of  terrorist attack as Orla Guerin reports.

  Ruthless, intelligent and highly effective, this is or was Ilyas  Kashmiri.

 One of Al-Qaeda's most active commanders, some thought he  would be the next Bin Laden.

 He is believed to have been killed  here in the harsh terrain.

 He and his fighters were said to be  drinking tea in an orchard when US missiles rained down.

 Ilyas  Kashmiri had a blood soaked CV and globle ambitions.

 He was blamed for  attacks in Afghanistan, Pakistan and India and accused of plotting  to strike targets in Europe, and the United States.

  Washington put a $5 million bounty on his head.

 It is just a month  since US Navy SEALs raided this compound and killed Osama Bin Laden.

  Now it seems there is another vacuum at the top of Al-Qaeda.

  Experts say there will be damaging divisions about who should succeed  Ilyas Kashmiri.

 There is no one of the calibre of  Ilyas Kashmiri as far as that organisation is concerned.

 So you  will have quality, you know, of leadership, will go down.

 I think  in every way the world will benefit as a result of his being  assassinated.

 This is some of Kashmiri's  handiwork, a naval base ablaze in Karachi.

 He is believed to have to  have masterminded this assault two weeks ago in which six militants  managed to overrun the base.

 Ilyas Kashmiri was reported killed  before, but he resurfaced.

 Tonight the indications are that he is dead.

  Officials claim they have provided a a tip-off about his location, if  so that will go some way towards Special services will be held  tomorrow for the four people, three men and woman killed in an  explosion at the Chevron refinery The terrible power of the explosion  visible for the first time.

 Fuel storage tanks bent and buckled by  the intensity of the fire.

 The four workers who died on Thursday have  been named.

 48-year-old Robert Broome was a father of seven.

 Depp  Den Dennis Riley was 52.

 A father of two.

 54-year-old Julie Jones was  mother of one and a grandmother of one.

 Andrew Jenkins, at 33, the  youngest of the victims, and a father of twins.

 A fifth worker who  survived is being treated for serious burns.

  Two separate investigations are being carried out into the cause of  Thursday's explosion.

 The first is being led by the the Health and  Safety Executive.

 The second has been ordered by the refinery's  owners, Chevron, they brought in a team of experts from the United  States.

 The question for the the  investigators, how and why did this happen? Local churches are holding  special services to remember the dead.

 Our thoughts are with all the  families.

 But also those who have been injured and those who have  been involved or traumatised emotionally by this and our hearts  go out to all the community.

 We know somebody who has worked or is  involved with Chevron as a contractor or is part of the  employment team.

 The presence of these giant refineries is a  reminder of the jobs and security provided by the petrochemical  industry.

 For the families in mourning, they are a painful symbol  More should be done to protect children from explicit images and  provocative clothing, that's according to a review commissioned  by the Prime Minister.

 It is expected to include calls for  an age rating system for music videos and a ban on explicit  posters near schools.

 Sex sells, but it is argued there  are now so many explicit images on TV and on the high street they  surround our children like wallpaper.

 Lucy Freeman is a mother  of two.

 It only takes us a few minutes to find a pop video she  thinks unsuitable for her children to watch.

  I can imagine William thinking this is hilarious because it is bottoms,  but I am not sure Tilly would know what to make of it.

  She thinks children are being confronted by images they think too  difficult to understand.

 It is the adultification of  children.

 The report's authors recognise it  is too easy for children like Tilly and William to come across  inappropriate material when watching television.

 They recommend  age restriction on pop videos, a ban on explicit adverts near  schools and it will be made easier for parents to complain.

  One of our key recommendation is to say that parents views should be  heard clearly when it comes to to determining sexual imagery.

  It is easy for governments to express moral outrage and legislate  change.

 If you offer a - even like a five-  year-old girl, the same clothes as Rihanna, she will say, "I want to  look like her.

" We need to make the  decision and say, "That's going too  far.

" The innocence of choold is a cherished ideal and the Government  says it will implement the recommendations.

  Shops and broadcasters have 18 months to re-think their approach  to products, otherwise ministers say they will consider a change in  It is time to catch up with the sports news now.

  England's footballers have now gone four games without a win at Wembley.

  They drew 2-2 against Switzerland today in their Euro 2012 qualifier.

  With three matches left to play England still top their group ahead  of Montenegro but only on goal difference.

  Last weekend England's best team were ripped apart at Wembley by  Barcelona.

 Today England's best available players were given the  run around by Switzerland.

 Fabio Capello blamed fatigue.

 He  was missing Wayne Rooney who was serving a one match ban and using  the time off to have a hair transplant.

 This England centre  parting will take some beating,  thooel Theo Walcott and James  Milner to let this free-kick be scored.

  Jack Wilshere earned a penalty.

 The best worked goal of the match.

 The  equaliser to Young.

 England fans will be wondering why he only  started on the bench.

 Switzerland had chances to win it,  especially Bent.

 Fabio Capello says he will let the players take a  break before next year's European Championships.

 Anymore results like  this and they can have an extra There were lots of runs at Lords  today on the second day of the Second Test, including two  centurions.

 First for England, Matt Prior made 126 in their first  innings before they were finally bowled out for 486 by lunch and Sri  Lanka, after collapsing to defeat in the First Test reached 231 for 1  by the close.

 Skipper Tillakaratne Dilshanis unbeaten on 127.

  The Queen is still waiting for a Derby winner.

 The favourite Carlton  House carried Her Majesty's colours at Epsom today, but could only  finish third, behind the French trained Pour Moi.

 Tim Franks  reports from Epsom.

 The sport of kings is one particularly fierce  Royal devotee.

 The Queen loves her horses, but the world's most famous  flat race has not been so kind.

 The closest the Queen has come to a  Derby winner was 58 years ago when her horse came in second.

 The sport  needed an' an event that was about racing and not the the scandals.

  The latest twist involved jockey Kieren Fallon.

 Judges upheld an  injunction stopping him from racing in the Derby because he had broken  a promise to ride another horse.

 It was straightforward for Charlton  House, all it had to do was carry one burden of expectation.

 It was a  teenage jockey on an Irish horse  that won.

  So the Queen's tenth attempt to win the Derby has ended in failure.

 The  huge surge of goodwill around her here at emsome couldn't drag her  horse over the line first.

 Sport kicked against the script that had  been written against it.

 The Royal shoulders may have sagged, but  racing reminded us its strength rests on its unpredictability.

  China has its first Grand Slam singles winner.

 The 29-year-old Li  Na won the French Open today.

 She beat the defending champion  Francesca Schiavone in straight sets.

 6-4, 7-6, Li was also runner-  up at the Australian Open this year.

 Rafael Nadal plays Roger Federer in  the men's final tomorrow.

 Gavin Henson has been given a place  in the Welsh World Cup training squad.

 He played for Wales for the  first time in two years today but they lost to the Barbarians in  Cardiff.

 That's all your sport for now.

  President That's it from us tonight.



 Until then, have a great night.

  The turmoil in Egypt continues with mass demonstrations across the  country.

 For a fifth day, tens of thousands of protesters took to the  streets demandingted removal of President Mubarak.

  Tanks move into the streets after days of anti-Government violence  leave at least 60 people dead.

 It is as if the State has  disappeared from this place which was one of its centres of power.

  There were no firemen and there are certainly no police.

  Well, we will have the latest from Cairo.

  Thousands take to the streets in London and Manchester to protest  against cuts and tuition fees.

 And Andrew Murray tells us he is  all fired up for his Australian Good evening.

  There has been another day of violent protests across Egypt  against the rule of President Mubarak.

 For a fifth day, thousands  of protesters took to the streets of Cairo.

 The army moved tanks into  the city centre and there has been serious unrest in other areas  including Alexandria and Suez.

 Officials say at least 62 people  have been killed in the recent violence.

 From Cairo, our Middle  The army has moved to secure Egypt's treasures, protecting the  past, in a country that is getting very nervous about the future.

  In the centre of Cairo, they are at the museum where they keep keep  Tutankhamen.

 The army isn't moving around much, so far their presence  is about sending a message, not taking action.

 Volunteers were  trying to clean-up first thing this morning.

 It was as if they felt  they had a bigger stake in the country now they have defied the  policed state.

 The fire that destroyed the  headquarters of the ruling party is still burning.

 It is It is as if  the State has disappeared from place which was one of its centres  of power.

 There are no firemen and there are certainly no police.

 The  only thing wrong for the crowds in Tahrir Square in central Cairo who  forced the police out of here, who now have the courage to say they  hate President Mubarak is that last night he did not resign.

  He should go.

 We don't like him.

 He is the problem.

  Mohamed ElBaradei, Nobel peace laureate believes the president's  time is up.

 People need bread and butter.

  People need dignity.

 The earlier that happen the earlier we will be  able to save Egypt.

 So you say President Mubarak has to  go? It is not just me.

 It is 85 million who are saying this.

  crowds in Tahrir Square got bigger as the day went by.

 They condemned  his biggest ally for protecting him and hurting them.

  The graffiti says President Mubarak collaborates with the Americans.

  The crowds want to celebrate, but they can't properly, not yet.

 For  them and the regime, this is unknown territory.

 The uncertainty  is producing blame and fear.

 There is a tense and ugly atmosphere in  the back streets around the Interior Ministry.

 Our pictures of  the police opening fire with tear gas have just been confiscated by a  group of angry and aggressive plain clothes security men loyal to the  regime.

 You can see the pressure they are under, but you can also  feel their fear about what comes next.

  The way this will go could depend on the army.

 The crowds in the  square believe they are on their side, pro protectors of the nation  and the people.

 But the military has been at the centre of power in  Egypt since a coup in 1952.

 The army commanders have a big stake in  the regime.

 And there is the night to think  about and looting in a city where the police have disappeared.

 Across  Cairo this evening, bands of friends and neighbours are out on  the streets guarding their homes and their families, all were armed,  some with guns.

 These men believe the police have  been ordered to leave their posts, to scare people into preferring the  regime they know, to the future David Cameron has issued a joint  statement with the leaders of Germany and France expressing  concern at the events in Egypt.

 President Obama, has kept up his  pressure on Egypt's Government to avoid violence.

 Their anxiety is a  measure of the crucial role that Egypt and President Mubarak play in  western policy in the Middle East as our diplomatic correspondent  There is no question who the crowds are after.

 It is President Mubarak  himself after 30 years dominating their lives, they blame him, not  mere ministers for denying them the freedoms of genuine demock again  democracy and since President Mubarak's television address,  President Obama turned up the heat insisting concrete steps are needed.

  But the United States will continue to stand up for the rights for the  Egyptian people and work with their Government in pursuit of a future  that is more just, more free and more hopeful.

  Does that mean Western Governments are abandoning Hosni Mubarak? Not  quite, but it looks as if they see him more as a liability now than a  source of stability.

 30 years ago, Hosni Mubarak did offer stability  after the shocking assassination of the president.

 A glimpse of Vice-  President's Mubarak being hustled away to keep him alive, helped  explain his obsession with stability at almost any price.

 And  as president, he has been seen in the past by the United States as a  vital ally, helping in the search for Arab peace with Israel.

 Here at  the Foreign Office, and in Washington, they are reassessing  the political risks of President Mubarak clinging to power against  the possible benefits of him stepping down.

 Now neither  Government, the American or the British, is openly calling on the  president to go.

 They say that's a matter for the Egyptian people to  decide, but you can hear the Foreign Secretary today turning up  the pressure.

 And it is very important now that  he listens to the aspirations of the Egyptian people, delivers on  these pledges and is able to set out real and visible reforms.

  Tonight, after the Prime Minister telephoned President Mubarak, David  Cameron put out a joint statement with French President Sarkozy and  the German chancellor, Merkel By sounds like better you go on  shoot people in the streets.

 Do Western Governments fear possible  regime change in Egypt and the risk of Islamists taking power? Yes.

 But  they think if Egypt's people are allowed to choose their leaders  freely then a moderate progressive Government is a much more likely  Well in a moment we will be speaking to Jeremy Bowen in Cairo,  but first James Robbins is with me in the studio.

 James, Egypt a  popular destination with holiday- makers and tourist.

 What advice are  they getting? It is popular with British holiday-makers.

 It is  thought there are 30,000 in Egypt.

 Most are in the Red Sea and most  are in Sharm El-Sheikh.

 The advice is they can enjoy their holidays  and where the Foreign Office advice has changed.

 The Foreign Office is  advising against all but essential travel to four Egyptian cities,  Cairo, Alexandria, Luxor and Suez.

 They are not saying that anybody  should leave leave Egypt, but they are saying you shouldn't go unless  your your travel is essential to those four cities.

 British Airways  organised a charter to bring people out from Cairo who wanted to leave  and BMI actually turned a flight back.

 It was heading out from  Heathrow towards Cairo because they realised they wouldn't get into  Cairo ahead of the curfew which was brought forward.

  The Home Secretary made clear he is sending extra consular staff to  Cairo.

 President Mubarak doesn't seem to  be doing anything to really appease the protesters, is he? No, he  doesn't.

 Cairo was full of rumours last night that he might be  standing down, that he might be on a plane to Switzerland or some  other country.

 Instead, he went on the television and he said, "I'm  not going.

 I'm sticking with things.

" He pointed to his record  and he said that he would be sacking the Cabinet and appointing  new ones.

 There is a new Prime Minister and he has a Vice-  President.

 Both of those individuals come from the security  military apparatus and the Vice- President used to be known as the  second most powerful man in the country so he is bringing his  people closer to him perhaps, but as far as the great mass of  demonstrators are concerned he really has to go and this city at  the moment, it feels fragile.

 It feels fragile because of an  increasing security vacuum.

 I'm standing on the 19th floor of a  building overlooking the city and I can hear the voices from the groups  of of Neighbourhood Watch vigilantes and the absence of  police and there are occasional burses of gunfire.

 -- bursts of  gunfire.

 I think this situation continues to move fast and neither  side knows which way they are going to go in it.

  Jeremy Bowen, thank you very much indeed.

  Well, for continuous updates on the situation in Egypt, there is a  special live page on our website The Irish Senate passed the  country's Finance Bill clearing the way for a general election to be  called.

 Parliament is likely to be dissolved on Tuesday and a date for  the general election will be announced.

 The Bill is a condition  of Ireland's 85 billion euro bail out package from the EU and IMF.

  Ed Miliband has spoken of his commitment to the mission in  Afghanistan during his first ever visit to the country.

 Mr Miliband  addressed British troops at Camp Bastion stressing that he backed  the coalition's timetable to end combat operations by 2015.

  The mission in Afghanistan is not about party politics, it is about  what is right for our country and that's why we support the mission  because we believe that a more stable Afghanistan will make more a  safer Britain.

 The suicide bomber who killed 35  people at Moscow's Domodedovo Airport was a 20-year-old man from  the North Caucasus according to Russian Russian investigators.

 180  people were also injured in the blast.

 The suspect's name won be  released -- won't be released whilst the investigation continues.

  Thousands of students and union members staged rallies in London  and Manchester to protest about public spending cuts and the  planned increase in university tuition fees in England.

 The  protests were peaceful, but there were 22 arrests for minor offences.

  The route of today's march was one that had seen violent  confrontations in previous protests, not today.

 This was a largely  peaceful demonstration.

 This year the numbers involved in the student  protests have fallen, but there is still considerable anger among the  students at the changes to the funding of universities.

 This group  have stopped just outside Downing Street.

 But many marchers today  were starting to talk less about university fees and more about  Government cuts generally.

 Students alone cannot change the world.

 They  cannot stop the cuts.

 Only the organised trade union movement with  the strength and militancy of the students can break this coalition  in two.

 Indeed, in Manchester, two separate  protests.

 Students and unions came together.

  There were small group of protesters who broke away and  confronted police in the city centre.

  There were confrontations outside the Conservative Party headquarters  in London.

 But this evening, the protests broke up with groups  roaming London's West End, targeting stores in Oxford Street.

  The Government is not wavering.

 Ministers stressing again this week  that growth in future relies on cuts now.

 Yet police and protesters  are both preparing for a major demonstration planned for March  which may raise the temperature Now let's catch up with the sports  news and here to tell us about it Thank you very much indeed.

 It is  FA Cup fourth round weekend and Manchester United had to fight back  from a goal down against Southampton.

 It took a Michael Owen  equaliser and this shot from Javier Hernandez after Richard Chaplow had  given Saints the lead.

 Now have a look at this own goal  from Swansea's Alan Tate.

 It proved to be Leyton Orient's winner.

  One of the day's few surprise results.

  The pick of the other results saw Birmingham continue their  impressive Cup form with a victory in a five goal thriller against  Coventry.

 Chelsea drew with Everton and Crawley Town won 1-0 at Torquay.

  Kris Commons scored on his debut at Celtic.

  And in the SPL, Hamilton drew with Kilmarnock.

  Harts beat St Johnstone.

 Andrew Murray will attempt to  become the first British man to win a Grand Slam since Fred Perry in  1966.

 Today Kim Clijsters won the women's title, but her opponent Li  Na made history as Colm Harrison From the world's most pop list  country a first, Li Na was the first Chinese player to reach a  Grand Slam final, a bouquet of sorts.

  Her opponent today was a woman they call Aussie Kim, so fond are the  Australians of the Belgian Kim Clijsters.

 It wasn't just the crowd.

  The luck appeared to be on Kim Clijsters side.

  But Li Na clawed her way back from a break down to take the first set.

  The second set was submerged under a heap of errors.

 Li Na appeared  irritated by her local support.

 For the first time in five years, a  woman's Grand Slam final went to a deciding set and after an early  break, Kim Clijsters hung on.

 I finally feel like you guys can  call me Aussie Kim because I won the title.

  Tomorrow, it will be Andrew Murray's turn.

 He had to endure a  sapping semi-final and he had a day less than his opponent, Novak  Djokovic to recover.

 But Murray suggests he may have the measure of  his opponent.

 In the final, it was very important  to serve well and sort of take chances.

 He struggled a bit on his  serve the last couple of years and that's something that I'll look to  try and exploit.

 Britain hasn't had a men's Grand  Slam winner for 74 years.

 You can see that men's final here  on BBC One from 8.

15am tomorrow morning.

 Set your alarm clock,  Julia.



 Hello and welcome to Monday's  Points West.

 In tonight's headlines:  The waste food left festering on our streets.

  Angry residents demand to know why some bins haven't been collected  for weeks.

 We have to pay council tax anyway then extra to get rid of  a rubbish.

 The cats are ripped it open and it goes everywhere.

  Also tonight - for a time he was Bristol's most wanted man - a  vicious sex attacker is jailed for terrorising women.

  Why egg producers claim new laws improving life for battery hens may  put them out of business.

 And the Gas put a Penney in the  meter as Rovers introduce their new Good evening us.

 Rubbish  collections across the West are still not back to normal after the  disruption caused by this no and then by the Christmas holidays.

  It has been nearly five weeks since rubbish in parts of North Somerset  was collected.

 Black bins have been dealt with, food waste and  recycling is however piling up in the streets.

  Five weeks' worth of rubbish lining the streets.

 Now a familiar sight  to many living in Weston-super-Mare.

 The last recycling collection was  on December 10th.

 This is just one family of four's  rubbish for the last six weeks.

 In this box, their leftover Christmas  dinner.

 Just around the corner, eight bags of acid which are  spilling out onto the pavement and the animals had ripped open the  bags.

 It is like living in a dump.

 Why do you pay your council tax?  is a bad because it is all baby nappies and everything.

 I know that  other people in other areas are paying up to 40 month in addition  to council tax to have their rubbish collected.

 I cannot afford  to do that.

 In Brislington in Bristol this afternoon, one family  have decided it is a price they are prepared to pay.

 This collection by  a private firm is costing them 20 pounds.

 We have to pay the council  tax then pay extra to get rid of our extra rubbish.

 It has to stay  outside for ages, the cats ripping open and it goes everywhere.

  this company, the business has never been so good.

 In the last  year, there has been about A30 per cent growth.

 This winter has been  very busy.

 Tonight, North Somerset council could not speak to us, but  in a statement they said people had been working in Weston-super-Mare  throughout the weekend catching up on the back lot of missed  collections.

 -- backlogs.

 With fridges free of the Christmas  leftovers, residence here are wishing their driveways work as  A man who attempted to rape two women, violently assaulted a third  and attacked staff at the Bristol Royal Infirmary has been given two  life sentences.

 In 2009, Darren Green was Bristol's most wanted man.

  Here is our Home Affairs Correspondent.

  For his victims it was a violent and terrifying ordeal.

 It began on  October 29th when he broke into a woman's flat, grabbed her, through  her onto the floor, strangled her and sexually assaulted her.

 Formica  days later, he carried out a carbon-copy attack and robbery on a  second woman.

 She tried to help him with directions and he forced his  way into her home.

 She was so traumatised and stared at the time,  that to escape she jumped out of the first-floor window.

 She has now  left Bristol.

 She does not live here because of the experience she  had on that day.

 33-year-old Green there was not finished as he  spiralled out of control.

 On the same day, he attacked and punched a  woman in the face he was waiting for a bus.

 Added later, he struck  twice robbing women in the street.

 By November sixth, nine days after  his first attack, he broke into this pub where he stole £2,000.

  the offences progressed, they escalated in violence and in the  frequency.

 A sum involved Severe and extreme violence to subdue and  overpower victims.

 For that period of time, Darren Green was a danger  to anyone who came upon his path.

 With the whole of the Avon and  Somerset police force hunting him down, his luck ran out.

 Green was  brought here to the accident and emergency department.

 He was  suffering from some sort of drug abuse.

 After he was treated, he  violently attacked medical staff.

 When the hospital contacted the  police, a nearby officer recognise the description and Green was  arrested.

 Handing Green a double life  sentence, the judge told him, it in my opinion you worry dangers  individual and represent a continuing threat to the public.

  The a Somerset Scout leader has been arrested on suspicion of  sexual offences against children.

 David Burland is one of the leaders  of the scouting movement on Burnham-on-Sea.

 The scouting  association has confirmed he has been suspended while the police  investigation takes place.

 David Burland is the most senior  Scout leader here in Burnham-on-Sea.

 His arrest, and the police inquiry,  has plainly come as a shock to the community.

 We know that he is being  questioned in connection with four alleged assaults on young people  under the age of 16.

 We should make the point that these are  allegations.

 David Burland has been arrested, but he has not been  charged with any offence.

 He has been connected with scouting since  the 1990s.

 We do not know when these alleged assaults are said to  have taken place.

 I have spoken to the scouting association this  afternoon and they confirm that David Burland has been suspended as  a Scout leader.

 He has been told to have no contact with any scout  sought to visit these premises during the course of the  investigations.

 David Burland has refused to comment on the  allegations.

 The police have issued a statement where they say that a  53-year-old man has been arrested and questioned on suspicion of  sexual offences against children under the age of 16.

 They go on to  say that the man has been released on bail pending further inquiries.

  They say if anyone has concerns, they should call police on this  It is a really good to have you with us.

 The coming up: Olympic  dreams.

 We meet a top bobsleigh driver with  percepts this -- sights set on Russia us.

 He full steam ahead for  a restoration project bringing two engines back to life.

  Police investigating the murder of the landscape art at -- architect  Jo Yeates have denied reports that they have started DNA testing  people connected to her.

 Investigators have been asking the  public to help fill in the gaps around Jo Yeates's last movements  when she disappeared some her home in Bristol.

 Her body was found  three miles away on Christmas Day.

 Still making the paper's daily.

  Today, National reports in the Daily Mail that police have begun  DNA testing members of Jo Yeates's Facebook page.

 The police had  denied those reports.

 One option could be to test people living near  the flat she shared with her boyfriend.

 The Bristol MP kerry  McCarthy said she would support that idea.

 She said most people  would understand why they were being asked.

 For that to be  successful, police would need to have recovered DNA from Jo Yeates's  flat, or body that they think would be relevant to the investigations.

  They never said that any such sample has been recovered.

 Police  have already traced what they believed was her final journey.

 It  was from the The Bristol Ram pub back to her flat, stopping at three  supermarkets on the way.

 CCTV has played a major part.

 Now, memories  could be crucial.

 Police in the last few days have been stopping  drivers and visiting pubs.

 They say someone will have a seen her.

 Any  small memories could help fill in the gaps.

 A a new picture has been  released today showing a 25-year- old in the prime of her life.

  Someone, still free tonight, cut that life brutally short.

 Police  say their team of investigators will stay on this case until it is  solved.

 Be squashed rumours that the team could be changed.

 There  are hundreds of lines of inquiries and they hope one of those lines  will lead to her killer.

 Police are continuing to question a  man over the murder of a man in his 20s in south Gloucestershire.

  Paramedics were called when a man had suffered serious injuries to  his chest and stomach.

 The police are appealing to anyone with  information to come forward.

 A new £29 million women centre  opened its doors at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital today.

 The centre  which has taken almost two years to build, offers mums to be and the  county are centralise maternity service.

 Antenatal clinics were  held for the first time this morning with the first birth  expected when the delivery suite opens on Thursday.

  West Country egg farmers are warning they may be put out of  business by a new European that loss.

 This is the last year that  meant -- hens can be kept in battery cages.

  This is the end of a long-running argument, isn't it?  It certainly is.

 Images like this of hens in tiny cages as -- cages  spark controversy.

 There are over one million hens in cages like this  in the West Country.

 We are also the centre for the three range  movement.

 They can pop outside and do what chickens do.

 They can  generally have a good time.

 Next year, as you say, cages will be  They cannot stretch their wings or flap their wings and they are  standing on a wire mesh a floor for many days.

 They have to lay their  eggs in these conditions and scientific research shows that hens  will work very hard to get to a nest for their.

 I think that in the  long-term, free range is not sustainable.

 It will eventually get  overtaken by disease, like it did in the 1960s.

 That is why this came  about.

 When you put the birds in their cages, disease stops  overnight.

 Peter lost that argument and in the year 2000 Europe's  politicians decided that factory farming was no longer acceptable  for the European Union.

 They gave farmers 12 years to get rid of the  cages.

 It will not mean every chicken is free range.

 Europe has  approved a new larger cages with a purchase and nest boxes and they  are considered more humane.

 They are also expensive.

  In his small family farm, Pete Wood faces a bill for £1 million, the  price some say of progress.

 Will everybody played by the new rules?  De southern European countries have hardly changed.

 The problem is  those eggs are will be illegal.

 The likelihood is they will come on to  the UK market if the UK is short of regs.

  I can see why the farmers are annoyed of the costs going up but  up more people not buying free- range anyway? Yes and No.

 Some big  supermarkets have decided to only stop -- stock free-range eggs, as  long as you are by ex but bakes are not always takes.

 Any good cock  those what use they can be put through.

 -- Cook.

  As long as eggs are going into these products, and a quarter of  the eggs that were used in this country going to food like this,  another third going to catering, some of this stuff can come from  around the world.

 Egg powder is just another commodity.

 It comes  from egg -- countries that do not have the welfare standards that we  have.

 There is more on this in your film tonight.

 That is right you can  see the full picture on the two systems.

  Bristol rows of its -- Bristol Rovers have proved that they are in  a foray Penney.

 This is Dave Penney, the man with  the difficult job of lifting Bristol Rovers up from the  relegation places.

 It is almost one month since Paul Trollope was  sacked.

 The last win was in November.

 -- October.

 Speculation  over who would takeover was split but Penney was the bookie's  favourite.

 He has less than three weeks to improve the squad before  the transfer window closes.

 league position is not rosy at the  moment but you have to look at the bigger picture.

 If I get things  right, we can push this club born.

 What potential do you see here?  have to get promotion if we can.

 Obviously that will not be this  year but when any football club manager or player starts the season  off, they are looking for promotion.

 We must take care of this season  first.

 We must stay in this division and then kick-off for next  season.

 He had great success with Doncaster, getting them promoted  from the conference and then winning the League Two title.

 They  won nearly half of the games he took heart -- charge.

 This is the  task that faces him now.

 They are third from the bottom of the table.

  He will meet the players tomorrow and take charge of the first game  tomorrow night.

 That is tomorrow and elsewhere  Bristol City can concentrate on the lead after embarrassingly being  knocked out of the FA Cup by Sheffield Wednesday by three-zero.

  These are the goals from their second successive league win.

  The women of the Bristol Academy football club face their most  exciting season yet.

 They start trading tomorrow ahead of a new  women's Super League.

 The FA has spent millions of pounds on the  televised semi-professional league.

 They hope it will match the IDs  successful American League.

 Meet Bristol Academy's new  professionals.

 All four have represented England and two have  played in America.

 I am the captain and senior a youth international.

  Senior US champion.

 17 England caps.

 Signing full-time for Bristol is a  dream come true.

 As a kid you dream of having this position and doing  this job.

 Now why actually wake up and football is my life in America  at the top players are star names.

 Here the air for a paid Bristol  £17,000.

 The income will be doubled by gate receipts and sponsorship.

  This is a Bristol side.

 Bristol's top salary as £20,000 and they hope  to be competitive, especially as five Super League games are  broadcast live.

 Regales cannot wait.

 The women's football team got to  the final in the World Cup which is more than three men's team have  done.

 I think it is good they are getting to shine.

 Scepticism may  remain but it is not in doubt that this is the biggest moment in  women's football and the girls are Paula Walker, Britain's leading  bobsleigh competitor is back in action after the Christmas break.

  She is delighted with her performances so far this season.

  She has new funding in place and a salary from the army and is well  set so she knows there are no excuses as she aims for a medal in  the Winter Olympics in Sochi in 2040.

  Addicted to the sport.

 Even at home, the preferred game is an Olympic  bobsleigh.

 Games between her and her partner, the former driver of  the men's GB1 bobsleigh are intense.

 Reviewing her performances in the  real thing makes pleasant feeling.

 She has achieved for out of four  top 10 finishes in her first season.

 Last season I was ranked 15th.

 To  climb five places in a matter of five months is great.

 If we can  keep making these leaps every year, we are on track for Sochi which is  the big pinnacle.

 She has been competing in the World Cup series.

  At every event she sports a special message on her car for four friends,  family or sponsors.

 The first half of the season was in America where  home-grown competitors will have an advantage.

 When not competing on  the circuit, it is the push track at the University of Bath.

 The  sport has received two and a half million pounds ahead of the next  Winter Olympics in Russia in 2015.

 Much about will go on the women's  programme.

 Paula has leave of absence from the army on full pay.

  There are no excuses.

 I have got for my tears and I have to produce  the goods.

 Are you going to do it? I hope so.

 Determination, an  obsession with the sport Barry Gifford.

 She has a clear aim and a  well funded programme.

 All that is needed is a relentless climb up  free rankings.

 Chris Wood headed off to Dubai  today after the best performance of his career of the European Tour.

 He  finished joint second on the Africa open after being involved in a  play-off for the title.

 He was deprived of his first Tour win.

 He  won just over £75,000.

 He will practise for a week in Dubai.

  It cannot be long before he gets his first Tour win.

  Two steam engines have returned home to the UK after going to  Turkey in the second world war.

 The engines have been imported into  the Royal Portbury Dock by enthusiasts who intend to restore  them.

 The sight of the steam, the whiff  of the ash.

 You cannot beat the romance of the railway.

 This train  is running on a restored line in Cheltenham.

 Two other engines just  like it up back in the UK.

 Here they are, shipped into the Royal  Portbury Dock after spending a working life in Turkey.

  How many miles do they have on the clock? I would not like to say,  probably millions.

 Turkey is a vast country.

 They basically worked from  end to end of the country.

 Enthusiasts snapped them up for  around £50,000 each.

 That includes the original toolkit pulled from  inside the firebox.

 How about that for a spanner? I have actually  knelt on the ashes of the last fire that was in it about 30 years ago  now.

 It is very dry and dusty.

 is an amazing thing, a real bit of  history.

 I'm glad it is backing the UK where it came from.

 We even  found an old destination board.

 These trains carried freight from  Istanbul and through the Turkish poppy fields.

 To the enthusiasts  they are Stanier 8Fs.

 They were built in Scotland and most served  abroad.

 There is another one in a Baghdad.

 It will take years and  thousands of volunteer hours before these two great hulks are restored.

  One day they will look just like their sister train, running this  weekend in Gloucestershire.

 The structure is still incredibly  strong.

 They were built to last and the fire will burn once more in its  belly when it is restored.

 Old steam trains do not die and they do  not even fade away.

 It is lovely to show you the  pictures because we have not been able to get on the docks so what is  great to be able to show them to A wet and blustery spell for the  first half of tonight.

 A drier day tomorrow.

 It will be wet and  blustery in the second half of the week and turn milder.

 Tomorrow will  be a dry day with some bright spells about, particularly in the  week it -- of to do.

 This is how things are set-up.

 This is the  overnight period.

 There has been a heavy spell of rain and some  smaller scale Features bringing showery outbreaks this evening.

  After her breezy start there is some high pressure tomorrow.

 Here  is the rainfall radar.

 That is the occluded front pushing through.

 You  can see showery outbreaks of rain following in behind.

 There is  another spell of heavy rain coming our way on the lead-up to midnight.

  There will be more in the way of breaks than the shows.

 Things will  start to be dry in the early morning but wins will stay gusty.

  It is a comparatively mild night.

 Tomorrow starts with a good deal of  clout and thicker the further east you are.

 The cloud will start to  break up and bring in brighter spells.

 The Windsors will be  lighter.

 -- winds will be lighter.

 You can see the Atlantic system  rattling in from the south-west.

 These are the temperatures we can  expect tomorrow.

 And here other times of high water.

 The sees a  rough but -- rougher out in the West, not so bad in the Bristol  Channel.

 Wednesday will return be - - in turn be breezy.

 The overnight  temperatures are not too bad and Thursday, Friday, Saturday and  Sunday it is a train of Atlantic

 be back at 10 pretty 5:00pm.

 --  Hello, welcome to South Today.

 In tonight's programme.

.

.

  A significant breakthrough - the discovery of a missing item leads  to a new police search three years after Georgina Edmonds' murder.

  member of the public came forward last week with an item they found.

  We are focusing to see if there are other items outstanding.

  Does a child have to die? It's an absolute disgrace.

 When the first  child gets knocked down, it will be worse.

 Everyone will be up in arms.

  A safety warning as a council considers pulling funding for  lollipop crossings.

 An Olympic sailing storm brews -  will Dorset spectators have to pay to watch the races off the Dorset  coast? And they think it's crawl over - it  is now.

 Crawley Town celebrate their finest hour with an FA Cup  giant-killing.

 I could hear them from my bedroom last night  screaming.

 It was brilliant.

 The investigation into the murder  of Hampshire pensioner Georgina Edmonds has taken what police  believe is a significant step forward.

 It follows the discovery  of an object believed to have been stolen from the 77 year-old's home  by her killer.

 The object was found in Oakwood Copse in Otterbourne, an  area of woodland less than a mile from Mrs Edmonds' home at  Brambridge.

 The object is now subject to forensic tests.

 The  development comes on the third anniversary of Mrs Edmonds' murder.

  Steve Humphrey has been following today's events.

 At 9:30am, a team  of police arrived at of woodcuts -- Oakwood Copse to begin a detailed  search following the discover of what could be a vital clue in hunt  for the killer of a Georgina Edmonds.

 The woodland is about a  mile from her cottage at Brambridge, where her body was found in January  2008.

 377 year-old widow had been bludgeoned to death.

 Police believe  she was tortured to reveal her bank card PIN number.

 The object was  found in this woodland by a member of the public and handed to the  police last Friday.

 Detectives believe it is one of the items  taken from Georgina Edmonds' house at the time of her murder.

 Police  are not think what it is, but it is undergoing forensic tests.

 The we  are focusing on this area to see if there are -- there are other items  outstanding.

 It is significant because we believe it could hold  fire in thick and evidence which could identify the suspect.

  number of suspect -- possessions were taken from Mrs Edmonds' home.

  Including a bank card, that was used in Twyford Road.

 That person  still has not been identified.

 think the person responsible will  have changed.

 It must have beaten them up inside.

 Members of the  family, friends of the individual that has seen the change, perhaps  they have shown an unhealthy interest in this investigation.

  Pick up the phone, and we can do with information.

 Detectives have  appealed for people to contact them if they have information about any  of Mrs Edmonds' missing possessions.

 Police said this could be a very  significant development.

 When will they know?  They are expecting to get the results of forensic tests back in  48 hours, and they said they will keep the public up to date with  developments.

 DCI Paul Barton told me today he is very confident it  did come from Georgina Edmonds' cottage.

  And this search is very thorough? Yes, officers have been searching  all day, and they will be back tomorrow.

 The area is about 200  metres square.

 The police say if members of the public find anything  that might have belonged to Georgina Edmonds, they should leave  the object in place and call the police, who will come to examine it.

  A man has been questioned about his murder?  Yes, a 32 year-old man was re- arrested on suspicion of murder  last week.

 He has now been released on bail and is due to report back  to police on 9th March.

 A student from Hampshire has been  jailed for more than a year-and-a- half for throwing a fire  extinguisher from the roof of a London tower-block.

 18 year-old  Edward Woolard from Dibden Purlieu pleaded guilty to violent disorder.

  He had hurled the empty extinguisher from the 7th floor of  Millbank Tower during protests against tuition fees.

 He was part  of a group of students from Brockenhurst College who had  travelled to London.

 He has since been suspended from his studies.

  Beaches on Hayling Island have been shut after a yellow foam substance  thought to be castor oil washed up on the shore.

 Havant Borough  Council says castor oil is not a public health risk, but it can make  animals sick.

 A clean up operation will begin tomorrow on the affected  beaches, which also include East Wittering, and the beach near  Cakeham Manor.

 A campaign has started in Dorset to  try to pressure the county council into changing its plan to scrap  school crossing patrols as part of its funding cuts.

 Helen Toft runs a  daily walking bus to a Weymouth school.

 She has started a petition  to save patrols.

 She says without them, children's lives will be put  at risk.

 It's arguably one of the most  traditional sights on British streets, but the lollipop patrol is  at risk, a potential casualty of council cuts, at least here in  Dorset.

 The county is planning big cuts to its staff and services, and  one of these will be its 65 school crossing patrols.

 An absolute  disgrace.

 When the first turn gets knocked down or killed everybody  will be up in our arms.

 It is disgraceful.

 It puts children's  lives in danger.

 I hope it doesn't happen.

 Patrols are such a familiar  sight on our streets.

 For some it is inconceivable they could  disappear.

 Dorset is planning to cut at least 500 jobs in the first  wave of cuts, and a school crossing patrols are not safe.

 The county  says it doesn't want the crossing patrols to go, it just wants  someone else to pay for them.

 first and foremost the  responsibility of the child's parents to ensure that chides the  fleet crosses the road.

 Dorset County Council cannot be  responsible for looking after all the children in the county.

 The  people with the children have a responsibility to look after them.

  If you have got two small children and a buggy as well and you are  trying to watch out for traffic calming, and they might not want to  stop, they might be in a hurry, why should you take your life in your  hands? The idea is to get local groups, parent teacher associations  and parish councils to cover the cost.

 We are not saying that we  want to do away with them.

 We are saying we are having difficulty in  finding them, that we need to find alternative sources of funding.

  That is a big issue for us to do that.

 Other local authorities we  spoke to today said they had no plans to cut their crossing patrols,  or had yet to decide.

 Earlier I spoke to Emma Boon, the  campaign director for the Taxpayers Alliance, the pressure group which  campaigns for lower taxes.

 I began by asking her what she thought of  the council's plan in Dorset.

 Across the country, we are seeing  councils are having to look at ways they can make savings.

 They are  having to cut costs.

 I think it is right that councils are having to  look at different services, and that may include how they make  their lollipops services more cost- efficient, and how they can make  savings there and perhaps do it in a more cost-efficient way.

 Is there  a valid reason for scrapping them altogether? Is it not about time  parents took responsibility for getting their children safely to  school? This is something that local residents have to decide  whether it is what they see their council tax spent on.

 There are  other parts of the country where there are volunteer schemes and  parents have but.

 Lots of things like this can reduce the cost and  means that less taxpayers' money is spent on it.

 Ultimately it is up to  local people to decide.

 You talked about efficiencies.

 How relevant do  you think things like crossing patrols are in this day and age? Is  it something of the past? I think that there are lots of different  measures that can be taken.

 For example, one of the problems his  parents parking cars around schools.

 That can create danger.

 That is  something you do not have to spend money on to stop people doing it.

  Simply giving people information about how to safely pop -- park  outside skills is practically free.

 Lots of these things, councils  thought they had to throw money at it to solve the problem.

 We have to  look at ways we can tackle issues like school crossings and city in  ways that do not involve throwing large sums of taxpayers' money at  it.

 Thank you.

 Heating oil is being stolen from farms and houses in  Sussex, that is the warning coming from police tonight.

 The price of  domestic oil has risen more than 60%.

 Officers say tractors and oil  tanks have been raided on farms and diesel has been siphoned from cars.

  Campaigners who are trying to stop health bosses reducing the opening  hours of a walk-in centre will meet tonight to discuss their plans.

 The  NHS walk-in centre in Bitterne was due to close, but bosses agreed it  could remain open with reduced hours.

 The consultation will be  held at Ludlow Junior School this evening.

  Still to come.

.

.

 Is this the most loyal man in English football?  Eddie Howe turns down offers to stay in Bournemouth.

  Are we changing the way we go on holiday? The South's biggest  independent travel agent is switching emphasis from holidays by  air towards more cruises.

 It is closing Palmair, its airline based  at Bournemouth airport, where a new arrivals terminal is near  completion.

 Bath Travel believes tighter security restrictions and  last year's volcanic ash cloud have combined to put many holidaymakers  off flying.

 This winter, Bournemouth's brand  new terminal has been a very quiet place.

 Most days, there is only one  flight.

 Not good news for an airport investing £45 million in  new facilities.

 Palmair is a symbol of changing times.

 The airline here  has been a familiar sight for half a century.

 Not any more.

 It was  once voted the best airline in the world.

 Its chairman, the late Peter  Bath, would personally shake the hand of every passenger heading on  holiday.

 Two years ago, his son Stephen unveiled a new plane.

 Now,  along with the airline staff, it has gone.

 Palmair ran for 52 years  and offered holidays for two weeks.

 Now, people want tailor-made travel.

  The Palmair model eventually had to disappear, which is a great shame.

  Bath Travel is the region's biggest independent travel agent.

 More than  half its business is now selling cruises.

 Stephen Bath says many  people are turning away from flying.

 The public are fed up with hassled,  having their nail scissors and water bottles taking away, more and  more frisking and so on.

 Cruises are an easier way to leave the  country.

 The arrival of Ryanair at Bournemouth hit Palmair hard.

 But  last year's volcanic ash cloud was worse.

 The ash cloud has done more  damage to aviation than any other occurrence in the history of  aviation in Britain.

 It was the wrong decision taken by people who  did not know what they were doing, against the advice of British  Airways and the ingenious, who had a lot more to lose than the  bureaucrats, and it should never have happened.

 -- and the engineers.

  Out side, Bournemouth's international arrivals terminal is  a shabby old portable building.

 Alongside, a shiny new terminal  will be ready this summer.

 The airport is convinced air travel  will pick up after a difficult winter.

 We have suffered an  unprecedented downturn.

 The leisure Oriented part of the market has  seen the biggest downturn since the war by a long way.

 We are  predominately a leisure airport at the moment.

 We know it is in our  catchment area, it is just suppressed by the recession at the  moment.

 Ryanair returns next month after pulling out of Bournemouth  for the winter.

 Other airlines plan a busy summer of holiday flights  here.

 When business picks up, Palmair will be missing.

  A storm is brewing over plans to charge spectators up to £50 a day  to watch Olympic sailing races from a public park in Dorset.

 If the  proposals go ahead, it will be the first time in Olympic history.

  He's kept a pretty good time sheet for his first job.

 -- what price  for a view? Is very will host the Olympic sailing events, but there  may be chopping -- copy waters ahead with plans to make people pay  up to £50 a date which overlooks one of the venues.

 -- from these  gardens.

 Spectators will be able to view the racing, but the prospect  of it being off limits to local people could be sailing too close  to the wind for some.

 I would not pay 50 quid to come up here.

 A lot  of local people, appear to walk their dogs, and they are going to  be told they cannot come up here or it will cost you to walk the dog.

  It is not on.

 The area is a world class yachting destination and aims  to have facilities on land to match.

 The proposed charges have provoked  a mixed response.

 That is extortionate.

 It is crazy.

 It is  ridiculous.

 I am all for the Olympics, and I will do anything I  can to make it a success, but I think they ought to leave a certain  part of it open.

 In a statement, the London 2012 organisers said the  use of the gardens as a ticketed venue would only be taken after  puff -- public consultation.

 There is support for Weymouth to host the  first pay to view sailing event in the country.

 The gardens will hold  a large amount of visitors.

 They will have to fund a site on the  beach, which will be free to the public.

 They want to put something  here and in exchange, the Barrow will get considerable improvements  to the infrastructure appear.

 -- Burren.

 We cannot afford it at our  -- ourselves at the moment.

 decision has been made, but talks  will take place to try and smooth the waters ahead of the Olympics.

  We would love to hear your thoughts.

 You can e-mail us.

  Most of us have been back at work for a week now since then the year.

  Many of us are looking forward to their next holiday.

 One worker in  Berkshire really has done his time.

 Terry Kempster has reached  retirement age after 50 years at the same company he joined as a boy  leaving school.

 He has kept a pretty good time  sheet for his first job.

 Terry Kempster walked into Newbury  Electronics in 1961 as a 15 year- old - he's still here.

 I like the  work and the people, and the bosses that I have.

 We all get on.

 I am in  a family business, it is just like family.

 Indeed it is! Terry met his  wife at the company 43 years ago, and until recently his daughter  also worked there.

 Founded in 1956, Newbury Electronics could claim to  be the oldest circuit board maker in the world.

 And there have been  some exciting moments.

.

.

 We did have a fire at one time, actually  here.

 The smoke was so intense you have it -- you had to go underneath  the smoke to go and phone the fire brigade.

 This summer, the family  who have run the company for 20 years are treating Terry to a  holiday.

 They say it's the least they can do.

 I met him when I was  four years old.

 I have had great holidays and he was always rushing  about, doing lots of work.

 A very happy person.

 He has not changed a  bit.

 Terry says he will work another year.

 A chance, perhaps, to  examine his long working life through a lens.

  On to sport.

 The Red Devils certainly showed a devilish streak!  Torres was the hero, not Fernando, Sergio, with the most fabulous goal  in Crawley Town's history.

 Jubilant scenes for the players and manager  Steve Evans, as they caused the biggest FA Cup upset in more than a  decade.

 They beat Derby 2-1 to go into round four of the competition.

  We have been catching up with the heroes.

  The Red Devils have never had a night like this before.

 It is the  first time they have made it 3-the 4th round and the FA Cup.

 Fans and  players were ecstatic and the manager was more than mildly  satisfied! It is a wonderful location for the Football Club.

 We  have a difficult game in the next round but we will worry about that  in due course.

 It is just magical.

 On a blustery night at the broad  field stadium, Craig McAllister put Crawley ahead from eight yards.

  Miles and is then equalised for Derby with a header.

 -- Addison.

  Into injury-time, Sergio Torres stepped up and secured Crawley's  place in the next round.

 Unbelievable feeling, just amazing.

  When the ball hit Burnett, the whole place went crazy.

 -- the net.

  You cannot say how you feel when you score a goal.

 After the  euphoria, it was down to earth with training again this morning, with  their 2-1 when, Crawley are the only non-League side to remain in  the FA Cup.

 Fantastic.

 Extra-time winner, absolutely perfect.

 I could  hear them from my bedroom last night screaming.

 It was brilliant.

  Bring in the little boys, I like it.

 Best night you have had here?  mile.

 We have not won an FA Cup game for five years before this.

 It  is a big thing for the town.

 Crawley's Cup run has bought big  financial rewards for a club this size.

 They have netted close to  half a million pounds so far.

 After their recent win against Swindon,  another victory over Derby, the Red Devils seem to be possessed with  the will to win.

 They face Torquay away at the end of the month.

  Is Eddie Howe the most loyal man in football? After another dramatic  day at Dean Court, Howe turned down three other job offers over the  past week to stay with Bournemouth and lead their promotion chase in  League One.

 The Cherries' players were called to a meeting this  morning at the ground, Howe was already inside in talks with Eddie  Mitchell, the club chairman.

 He was still deliberating over whether to  walk away, although it's thought Charlton had tired of waiting by  this stage and dropped out.

 Then Mitchell emerged and the news that  all Bournemouth fans had prayed for was delivered.

  Have you decided to stay at the club? Yes.

  It was very difficult.

 We have thought long and hard about it,  myself and Jason and our families.

 Very difficult to leave the players  here.

 And leave these fantastic supporters.

 We all wanted an end to  it because it had dried on long enough.

 We wanted to make a  decision.

 It is not bad money.

 Eddie is one of us at the end of  the day.

 Really pleased, really, really pleased.

 He had ever got  that sessions to make.

 Not only decisions of your future, but the  future of staff and players.

 You know that they can be taken lightly,  economics.

 Decisions.

 As much as you would like to put everyone had  is, it is difficult to come to that.

 We knew the pressure was building  today and something had to give.

 We are delighted to make this decision.

  It is a family.

 We are not a football club we are a family.

  After what we have been through the last few years, when I say we were  playing Blackpool, now they are in the Premiership.

 Eddie is the man.

  Bournemouth could drop a place in the League One table tonight when  the South Coast rivals Southampton travel to Oldham.

 Saints are aiming  for a 5th consecutive win in all competitions.

 It is live on BBC  Radio Solent.

 We will have the goals tomorrow.

  Southampton's FA Cup fourth-round tie against Manchester United will  be played on Saturday 29th January at 5.

15.

 Tickets are on sale to  season-ticket holders only tomorrow from 12 o'clock.

 Within the past  hour, Reading have confirmed on- loan defender Mikele Leigertwood is  staying at the club until the end of the season.

  Hampshire's West Indian adventure starts tonight when they play their  first game in the Caribbean Twenty20 Cup in Antigua.

 They are  playing another of the invited teams, Canada, at the Sir Vivian  Richards Stadium.

 BBC Radio Solent's travelled with the team  and has sent us this report from the ground.

  It is pretty hot here.

 The competition is getting under way  yesterday -- is getting under way.

 Southampton are playing a Canadian  side which took place in the inaugural Twenty20 competition in  the West Indies.

 I've lost both matches heavily.

 Hampshire should,  vectors this evening.

 He would be for giving -- forgiven for thinking  it is the first time at these two sides met.

 It was 1887 the last  time.

 The surroundings here are different.

  We will enjoy listening to that on the radio this evening.

  The Hampshire sailor Geoff Holt has been named yachtsman of the year.

  Geoff became the first disabled sailor to sail single-handedly  across the Atlantic last year.

 He did the 2700 mile journey in 28  days to earn the coveted prize.

 Sir Robin Knox-Johnston presented the  prize.

 I grew up reading about these  yachtsman and here I am! It is the most precious moment.

 I have been  thinking about it a lot.

 I do not want to get too excited, but when  he read my 2/4 Commando Engineer Regiment, oh my goodness! I was the  happiest yachtsman at that moment.

 -- when he read my name out, I was  the happiest yachtsman.

 He wants to go around the world mixed.

  Very positive news in sports tonight.

  Let's see if we have anything It was not bad today.

 We had some  brightness.

 I cannot promise to match.

 The next few days are  looking wet and windy.

 We have had Things are changing as we go  through the next Geras.

 We will start seeing wet and windy weather  heading our way.

 December was the coldest December on record and  relatively dry and sunny.

 Things will feel it very different this  week.

 Wet and windy, although a little bit milder than normal.

  Tempters above-average for the time of year.

 In a satellite picture you  can seek respite.

 Just broken cloud and sunny skies.

 We start with a  dry theme this evening but by midnight, the rain will work gain  from the West.

 Some pretty heavy bursts expected.

 Temperatures at  their lowest during the early part of tonight.

 By the time the rain  works its way in, probably more like nine degrees.

 To start the day  tomorrow, so the picture.

 The rain will, and go.

 It will not be  continuing.

 We are looking at highs of 10 or 11 degrees.

 The average  for this time of year is just five or six degrees.

 As we go through  the overnight period, you will see the rain eased off.

 It will be back  on Thursday morning.

 Temperatures similar to the daytime temperatures.

  Into Thursday, more wet weather heading our way.

 Perhaps not heavy  through the day, but some pretty strong wind at times and so more  sunny weather.

 The outlet, staying wet and windy until the end of the  week.

 Mix like Saturday when get some respite, but the wind is  picking up at touch.

 If you want to see more of that, log on to our  website.



 As right-wing protesters prepare to  mark again in this region, council leaders tell the Home Secretary  there is a risk of serious disorder.

 Pothole misery for drivers.

 The  number of repairs has sought.

 A shock in the FA Cup as Stevenage  Borough celebrate a giant-killing.

 Later in the programme I will tell  you why I am coming to Cambridge in Subtitles unavailable for 7 minutes  Good evening.

 First, the US Air  Force is planning to invest more than £300 million in RAF Falcon be  in Cambridgeshire.

 It could become a new centre for US intelligence  employing around 6000 people.

 But the plans leave a question over the  future of nearby RAF Upwood and RAF Molesworth.

  It given the go-ahead the base will seat three major changes.

 There  will be two Major's schools, the relocation of the main gates and a  medical centre.

 The most recent military construction we have had  on this installation was back in 1987, quite a while ago.

 We look at  some of these facilities we have needed for a long time.

 It is a  better quality of life for the people who live and work here.

  is down to Congress to give the go- ahead and if they do, some of the  improvements could be in place within the next two years.

 At 12  per million dollars for the gate, $15 million for the medical centre  and $65 million for the schools, local contractors stand to benefit  from nearly £60 million worth of investment.

 But what about RAF  upwards and nearby RAF Molesworth.

 Molesworth currently houses and  intelligence compass.

 It could move it the money comes through, meaning  the local pub would no longer have as many personal and workers from  the base to put up.

 The final answer could be years away, a long  time to wait for those on the baize and off it.

  An investigation is under way by the police, the FA and Stevenage  Football Club after a player was attacked by a fan on Saturday.

  Stevenage defender Scott Laird was knocked unconscious in the attack  just after their 3-1 cup home win over Newcastle.

 The 24 year-old man  has been arrested.

 Police are appealing for witnesses.

 We will  have a full match report later in the programme.

  The clock has announced its distribution centres in  Peterborough and Thetford are to close this are -- autumn.

 230 staff  are employed at Peterborough.

 A further 90 staff work at Thetford.

  The group says every effort will be made to redeploy jobs, but there  will be redundancies.

 Some deliveries will be transferred to  depots at Huntingdon and Godmanchester.

  Kettering General Hospital says its new £4.

5 million out-patient centre  as well as its blood sticking facility at the Borough Council are  what the doctor ordered.

 Most patients said they want better and  more convenient access to the health service.

  There are only a few weeks left, but managers at Kettering General  Hospital say they are confident this you out-patient unit will open  on time.

 Providing doxology, dermatology and other diagnostic  services, it will move appointments of the main site and also relocate  clinics currently provided at the Boston Memorial Clinic which has  become outdated.

 A mixed reaction from the people who live in Rushton  who see they will be used at a facility, but we are only about two  miles from the current Rushton Memorial Clinic and it is a much  bigger facilities.

 It is four times the size.

 We are expecting to see  40,000 out-patient attendances per year as opposed to 8008 at the  current location.

 But at getting -- Kettering Borough Council there is  this new blood sticking your neck.

 Council tax bills and blood tests a  sound like an unusual mix, but this facility is a national first.

  hospital found they were getting very busy.

 They discovered at least  30% of people going for a blood test are only in there for a blood  test and not anything else.

 They might feel it is a bit strange  coming into a council office to give blood, but once they come  through the door it is quite different.

 All this week Radio  Northampton is doing its own health check on the NHS in the county and  if you have a story you think we should know about, now is the time  to get in touch.

 Tomorrow Radio Northampton will be  discussing the issue of bed blocking and other pressures on our  hospitals.

 It was a busy weekend for sport  including a fantastic win for Stevenage Borough.

 It is over now  to the Lamex Stadium and Jonathan Park.

  Aside from one unsavoury incident, it was a mite that will live long  in the memory of fans of Stevenage, knocking Newcastle out of the FA  Cup.

 Stevenage played with guts and verve and determination.

  For the realists Premier League first as lowly was surely no-  brainer, but for the man -- romantics Newcastle were there to  be beaten.

 He we will never give up.

 After a goalless first half, Steve  Hillage went in front.

 There was a large slice of luck.

 Barton's Smith  and snow and had no answer.

 Michael Bostwick smashed in a second false  Dr Lamex Stadium went wild.

 Newcastle were a man down after 58  minutes.

 Joey Barton did strike later on, but the last laugh went  to Steve has -- Stevenage Borough.

 This has surpassed anything we have  done.

 This is the best result we have ever had.

 Never did I think we  would manage to score three goals against Newcastle.

 Did you expect  that Mr Garbutt no, I hoped for that, but I did not expect it.

 You  seem very serious considering you just knock out a Premier League  team.

 We are a serious team.

 We do celebrate, but we get back on it  and get into training and concentrate on the next game.

  might not win the FA Cup, but they have put their name on it this  season.

 They are the only team through to  round four in our region.

 Peterborough played on Saturday but  were beaten by Fulham.

 Northampton and MK Dons had League games to  play.

 Peterborough manager Derek Johnson  grew up just yards from Craven Cottage, but in the end it was an  unhappy trip home for him.

 They were beaten 6-2 by the Premier  League side.

 But Johnson's team had their moments and the torment's  goal was one of them.

 That made the score 4-1, but Fulham went on to  score another.

 Grants were cows got it -- slotted home the spot-kick.

  Johnson said the difference between our individuals and their  individuals was about 97 grant a week.

 It is back to League One next  week.

 MK Dons manager Karl Robinson was delighted with his side's draw  at Exeter.

 They have struggled on the road this season with nine  defeats.

 Looked hat-trick and Jabo Ibehere combined to give his side  their first draw of the season outside stadium MK.

 Only goal  difference separates them from the play-offs.

  The Northampton made the perfect start to their home match with  Cheltenham, billion a kind nodding them in front after nine minutes.

  But they could not hang on.

 West Thomas got a draw.

  After sacking Roy Keane on Friday Ipswich announced a Paul Jewell as  his successor.

 He has signed a two- and-a-half year contract.

 His first  task in charge is to watch Ipswich against Arsenal and then he takes  charge of the team on Thursday.

 Next Monday night late kick-off  returns to your screens.

 It is hosted by Matt Holland and he will  be joined by Dion Dublin.

 They will be reflecting on all the big issues.

  Moving onto Rugby News and Northampton Saints were involved in  a bruising encounter with Leicester Tigers on Saturday.

 Sadly they lost  and it resulted in injuries to three of their key players,  Courtney Lawes, Shane Geraghty and Chris Ashton are all injured.

 We  will check on their injuries this week.

 Sadly, bad news for Bedford  Blues involved in a top of the tables crap themselves at the  weekend.

 They lost to Worcester by 32-0.

 It is a heavy defeat for  Bedborough to remain second in the championship.

 Martin Adams is again  the world champion in darts.

 He had a fantastic victory again and is  going for three in around next year when he will hope to emulate the  great Eric Bristow.

 Now that task for him is to try and speak it a  hat-trick next year.

 Guys like Eric 15, Johnny Lowe won three.

 I have  now equalled that.

 I want to win the third one next year for the  hat-trick and equal Eric's record.

 Peter Keen is a member of the  Stevenage supporters' Association.

 What a afternoon it was.

 Absolutely  amazing.

 The fans, the town, everybody got behind it, it was an  amazing experience for everyone.

 years on after the last experience  with Newcastle and things are different for you.

 I could not get  a ticket, a little baby in the

 examine the case which has gripped  Hello, I'm Sally Taylor.

 Welcome to South Today.

 In tonight's  programme: deaths and multiple accidents on the roads - emergency  services face a massive workload as ice takes its toll.

  She survived the Battle of Trafalgar but there are fears that  HMS Victory faces her biggest struggle for survival yet.

 High  have had a lifelong interest in Nelson.

 This is the first  opportunity I have had to travel to England and visit the 80 s victory.

  70 years on, remembering the victims of the Blitz on Portsmouth.

  My mother was blown clear.

 Bad League injured and buried, but  survived thanks to the heroic efforts of the rescue workers.

  And the managerial merry-go-round - Bournemouth wait to hear if they've  lost their man while Aldershot say Two deaths, multiple accidents, and  huge road closures.

 Some emergency services have described their  workload in the last 48 hours as unprecedented.

 Much of the problem  has been blamed on icy road conditions, and there have been  questions about how organised local authorities and the Highways Agency  were when it came to gritting surfaces.

  Two consecutive frozen nights, two days of mayhem.

 This accident on an  icy corner near Blackwater in north Hampshire this morning, left five  people injured, one critically.

 Elsewhere, two women died in  separate incidents on icy roads.

 One at Four Marks and another in a  three car crash at Crowthorne.

 One of the worst of many blackspots was  here on the A322 at Bracknell where emergency services reported seven  separate crashes.

 The local council said they are investigating what  happened but said they were alert to the forecast of freezing  conditions.

 Our responses to mobilise our gritting lorries as we  would in response to the forecast predicted.

 It appears to be the  fact that there were some icy patches of remaining.

 Gritting the  road does not guarantee you will play every patch of Rice -- ice.

  Hampshire Council too said it was out salting priority routes on  Sunday night but several A roads had to be closed this morning.

  Motorways and trunk routes are the responsibility of the Highways  Agency and on Sunday, there were so many accidents on the M3 near  Basingstoke that they had to shut the road for emergency gritting.

  The agency blamed a flash frost early on Sunday.

 And in Oxfordshire,  this lorry was one of seven vehicles which slid off the road  into a garden wall near Henley.

 I have been told by the police and  the highway engineers that great is not a magic bullet.

 It does not  always clever way every patch of ice.

 If it has been a freezing  night, drivers should always expect the worse.

 -- the worst.

  A mother from Portsmouth has been jailed for four years after she  filmed herself abusing a young child and then sent the pictures to  other people.

 Tracy Lyons had been a volunteer worker at a nursery.

  Officials had to reassure parents that no children there had been  abused.

 Lyons was sentenced alongside other members of a  paedophile ring at Bristol Crown Court.

 When she's released she'll  spend three years on licence.

 met Colin Bland jarred on Facebook  and they struck up an online relationship.

 That relationship  developed into what we have and what has been heard today in the  fact that she went on to sexually abuse a child.

 She is clearly  responsible for her own actions.

 It was her own self, it was for her  own sexual gratification.

 The Woodland Trust has said it will  oppose any further drilling at a newly discovered oil well in West  Sussex.

 Around £300 million worth of oil has been discovered by  exploratory drilling under ancient woodland in for.

 Northern Petroleum  says the results are encouraging but as Danielle Glavin reports,  conservation groups say the woodland must come first.

  In Forestside you'll find a church and some houses.

 There's not a  Stetson in sight and yet this is the Texas of West Sussex.

 There are  5 million barrels of oil on the those awards.

 Now they have to  retrieve it and it is on a site of ancient woodland and the Woodland  Trust Tommy today they would oppose any further drilling.

 The Sussex  Wildlife Trust is also concerned, they'll be checking any  applications to extract the oil carefully.

 We would question what  the value of this amount of oil is in this location and perhaps even  what the oil would be used for.

 Will it be used to make things that  end up in landfill, so we are then I arguing cases against more  landfill sites? Dog walkers from neighbouring villages Are also  worried.

 Being a dog walking people and lobbing the countryside, it is  just one more thing that is going to ruin our lovely area around here.

  It is such a beautiful, unspoilt part of the country that it would  be nice if it stayed that way.

 in the village there is no campaign  against drilling.

 Many told me they've been kept well informed and  disruption so far has been minimal.

 If it has had surveys done and it  has been given the go-ahead, obviously, I don't think he can be  that big a problem.

 We asked Northern Petroleum for an interview  but no one was available.

 They say the next step is further testing at  the site.

 She survived the American War of  Independence, the French Revolution and the Napoleonic wars.

 But HMS  Victory may be about to face her final battle as the cost of  maintaining the 245 year old warship rises.

 It's being reported  that she's leaking, riddled with rot and being pulled apart by her  own weight.

 She's most famous for being Lord  Nelson's flagship at the Battle of Trafalgar.

 Her admiral died on  board.

 She survived returning home to Portsmouth after securing  victory over the French.

 But more than 200 years later she may be  forced to surrender for the first time.

 Reports obtained by a  national newspaper say the vessel is not being properly supported in  her dry-dock.

 Details include: Beams coming lose from their joints.

  Extensive wood-rot from rainwater.

 Several major leaks, including to  the cabin used by Thomas Hardy who captained the ship at the Battle of  Trafalgar.

 Doorway to the ship is pushing the ship into two halves  and previous restoration work has compounded the problem by be moving  some of the essential structural support.

 We need to repair the ship  urgently.

 I came to Portsmouth to see HMS Victory.

 I want to see the  spot where Nelson died.

 We are come from Brazil.

 You cannot, hair and  do not see this ship.

 HMS Victory's £1.

5 million maintenance costs are  paid for out of the Defence budget.

 That is under increasing pressure  because of cutbacks.

 I am really pleased they have commissioned  reports to see how much work needs to be done and that they are  committed to spending the money to make sure HMS Victory remains  robust and in one piece.

 Ministry of Defence says it is  looking at the best ways to ensure that ongoing maintenance.

.

.

 There  are no plans to sell her.

 On this very night, 70 years ago,  Portsmouth came under the fiercest bombing raids it suffered during  the Blitz of World War Two.

 In total during the bombing campaign,  more than 1,000 people lost their lives in the city.

 The horror of  the attacks can be seen in these images from the Portsmouth News.

  Today, two special events were held to commemorate those who were  killed.

 In the city's Guildhall Square this lunchtime, the names of  all those who died were read out.

 At the city's Anglican cathedral, a  special service was held to mark a very dark day in the city's history.

  Steve Humphrey is there tonight.

 70 years ago there was a long line of  shops along here between the road and Portsmouth Cathedral.

 Right  here stood 101 High Street.

 In 1941 a bomb struck at building and 14  people were killed.

 A cross Portsmouth that night, a total of  171 people lost their lives and many hundreds more were injured.

 It  was the worst night of bombing that the city suffered during the entire  second world war.

 My father was out fire watching.

 The target was the  naval port but with so many houses tightly packed around it, civilians  were also hit.

 They used to be houses next to go the cathedral.

  Number 101 took a direct hit.

 those in the basement were killed.

  My grandad was killed.

 But my mother was blown player.

 Badly  injured and buried, but survived thanks to the heroic efforts of the  rescue workers.

 But in that instant, she lost her parents, her sister  and her new 11 month-old baby, her first child.

 That baby was Peter,  the elder brother that and it never knew.

 We have been able to say  goodbye to them and have a place where we come and pay our respects  to them.

 We believe that our family are still there, underneath that  memorial.

 So we almost have agreed to visit.

 -- A grave to visit.

  Today there was a memorial service at the cathedral.

 Students from  Portsmouth High School read memories of local residents.

  Daylight came and the raid finished.

 We went home but it was gone.

 The  space it left seemed so small.

 I cannot believe the house I had  lived in nearly all my life could on the leave a tiny square of  rubble.

 The service continued outside that a new memorial that  marks the spot where 14 people died.

 It is very moving being here today,  knowing it was 70 years ago tonight they lost their lives.

 They started  reading out the names at 1:30pm.

 They finished at 5:10pm.

 Every one  of the 1013 men, women and children who died in the wartime bombing  raids in Portsmouth.

 Amongst those reading out the name was Joan,  whose grandparents and brother were killed in a bombing raid.

 Her  brother Arthur was just 15 years old.

 I only to them in a way to  come and sort of do this kind of thing.

 It is a way of keeping them  alive.

 Exactly 70 years ago, Mary was a 17-year-old Red Cross nurse  helping to treat the casualties of the biggest air raid in that city's  history.

 Horror.

 The sheer horror.

 Because you see, it wasn't only the  incendiaries they dropped, they drop land mines and bend the gas  caught fire, the gas pipes caught fire and there was always --  already damage in the City.

 monster buildings destroyed that  night was the Guild Hall.

 A great ball of timber came falling down  from the roof and crashed on to the doorsteps below.

 This was the  centre of our lives.

 Today's ceremony was an emotional act of  remembrance.

 The City has vowed never to forget those who died in  World War II.

 Portsmouth was hit repeatedly by German bombers  throughout World War II.

 Of course, the death toll would have been far  greater if it had not been for the city's extensive network of air-  raid shelters.

 And you can see more on the  anniversary of the Blitz on Portsmouth in tonight's Inside Out,  which returns for a new series at Still to come: Crawley Town prepare  for the biggest match in their history as they take, Derby County  Tributes have been paid to a Brighton man who died after it  tried to rescue his dog from the sea.

 52-year-old Kevin Reynolds was  swept out under the pier as he tried to recover his pet on  Saturday.

 His 13-year-old daughter followed him into the water.

 Mr  Reynolds' children described him as an animal lover who treated his  pets as part of a family.

 The Portsmouth faced HMS Iron don't  look -- Iron Duke left Portsmouth today.

 It is going to the Persian  Gulf.

 Its work will include counter terrorism and protection of the  Iraq's oil platforms.

 On the day that one airline  threatened to stop landing fees, one lady from Berkshire is still  suffering the after effects.

 Isla Stocks spent hours on a string of  trains across Europe to complete his -- complete her journey across  New Zealand.

 Her luggage did not make it.

 Three weeks on, the bags  are still missing.

 Isla Stocks had hoped to be a bit  better dressed when visiting family for the first time in several years.

  The strip has not been as expected.

 The trip from Germany to Britain  took longer than getting from New Zealand in the first place.

  others hoping it would be a quick journey, but it was not that way.

  It took two dazed from Munich.

 - they finally arrived here in  England minus their bags.

 They were able to supply it -- get supplies  of cancer drugs which were in the bags which are missing.

 They found  themselves part of an angry crowd or on the same boat.

 We were  allowed through.

 We got the -- we went to the space where there was a  mountain of bags.

 They cannot help the weather.

 That is not the  problem.

 They could have been, I thought, a lot quicker getting our  luggage.

 Three weeks is a long time! Left cancer say they are not  the only airline to be hit by a big problem.

 Relatives did locate one  of the bags in the lost luggage.

 Today, they had news that another  I suspect when she is going back to New Zealand, her luggage will be  getting to Berkshire! Even if you have a straightforward journey,  used banned at the -- new stand at the luggage carousel, it is  horrible.

 -- you stand at the luggage carousel.

 Contrasting  fortunes with our clubs tonight? Or have not checked the statistic out,  but someone told me that 10 days into the new year, as many football  managers have lost their jobs.

 Grate the boards if you do well,  but nonetheless, the pressure for results nowadays is so hard.

  Bournemouth's in demand manager Eddie Howe is considering his  options after being tossed -- targeted by three other clubs.

 He  held showdown talks today with the former chairman.

  Another day of anguish for Bournemouth dance, and it seems,  their manager.

 Tonight's -- tonight, the Bournemouth chairman has said  that Eddie Howe has not resigned yet.

 It is a tough decision to make,  but it is Eddie's life, and as much as we want to keep him, it is his  future, and it is his family that he has to feed.

 He had to make his  own decisions.

 The day had started with Eddie Howe taking what could  be his final training session at Bournemouth.

 He did not actors his  comments that he made after This club, the supporters, the  players, means so much to me.

 I have a decision to make over the  next few days.

 One I have to make.

 It is not going to be easy.

 After  Eddie Howe spoke to Charlton last night, Crystal Palace match the  offer.

 The Cherries fans are holding on to hope.

 I would love to  see him stay.

 In 40 years watching the club, this is 7th heaven.

  Howe left been caught by a side exit this morning.

 He will informed  the club as to whether he is staying or going later tonight.

  Whatever happens, it has been the toughest decision of his  footballing career.

 So while Eddie Howe has a tough  decision to make, the Aldershot boss Kevin Dillon was on the  receiving end of on today.

 He has left the club by mutual consent.

  They have slipped to 20th place in the League Two.

  His reign lasted a little over two years, but after four successive  league defeat, his reign is that event.

 It is a mutual conclusion,  and we want to part company and move on.

 Our relationship with  Kevin remained amicable.

 By Anne Shaw our path will cross again.

 --  I am sure.

 Kevin Dillon must have realised that his luck had run out  after own-goals like this.

 Luke Guttridge did equalised 15 minutes  from the end, but Oxford grabbed the winner four minutes from time.

  We as players should show responsibility.

 A Bill will cumin.

  Hopefully we can turn it around.

 -- a new man will come in.

 It is quite  tight where we find the leader.

 A decision has been made, and that is  it.

 -- it is quite tight where we are in the lead.

 I Dean Holdsworth  is the favourite to take over.

 In a minute, a big game in the  offing for one of our teams.

 The south coast bragging rights went  south coast bragging rights went east in the FA Cup derby.

 League  One leaders Brighton have got the better of last season's finalists  Portsmouth.

 Becketts and was second half, and after Barnes scored a  penalty.

 Francisco Sandaza were added the gloss off for the Sea  gulls.

 21, Southampton.

 26, against Manchester United after beating  solemn past Premier League West Brom.

 They will go to lead to  Brom.

 They will go to lead to Stevenage next.

 What's more on the  Southampton versus Manchester United game in the coming weeks.

  The next match in the FA Cup third round takes place tonight.

 Crawley  Town will be playing Derby County.

 They have been working hard to make  sure the game goes ahead at the Crawley stadium.

 They are going to  be the favourites, so we can only go out there and play like we know  the can, and get the best out of it.

 The build up to the game with Derby  County has been low-key.

 Crawley has -- Crawley have beaten League  opposition.

 I have heard about it in the pub.

 It is a man --  magnificent occasion for the town of Crawley.

 They are in the shake-  up for promotion to the Football League.

 They are making a name for  themselves and the FA Cup as well.

 Tony will have all the goals from  the game on tomorrow's edition of South Today.

  London Irish's slump in form reached another low at the weekend.

  They fell to their 10th successive defeat.

 They were beaten by  Saracens.

 They drop to 7th in the league.

 Finally, Alex Thomson has  delayed joining his yacht in the round the World Yacht Wace --  round-the-world yacht race.

 His newborn baby has been diagnosed  with a heart condition.

 He is staying at a his wife's bedside.

 We  move on to the weather, and Sarah is with us.

 It was really windy  today.

 How strong were the wins? -- wins back? Up to 40 mph.

 It is  feeling cold, and it is going to be unsuitable even mild.

 And rain!  Sorry about that! There is a bit of It was a promising start to the day  today.

 Today, we started with this picture from Dennis MacWilliam.

 An  impressive start to the day here from Graham Fielder.

 Here's another  picture from Sue Latheron.

 -- you We have this band of grey coming in.

  It is go to work its way out towards the east.

 Some heavy bursts  in there.

 They are easing down.

 Temperatures through the overnight  period going down to five or six degrees.

 As we go into tomorrow,  there is respite.

 Friday -- Tuesday will be bright and breezy.

 The last  of the band of rain working his way down to the east.

 We will see some  breaks in the cloud, and maybe some sun shines through the afternoon.

  High temperatures of seven or eight degrees.

 We still have the wins  back.

 -- winds.

 We have this weather front out to the West.

 That  will bring in some wet and windy conditions.

 We will see a bit of  cloud to start us off on Wednesday, but the band of blue will march  through.

 Temperatures down to two degrees through the overnight  period.

 On Wednesday, we have this band of blue sticking with us  through most of the day.

 The north of our region may see some respite.

  Temperatures, because of the south- westerly winds, above seasonal  average.

 Maybe 12 or 13 as we head towards the tail end of this week.

  Here is the outlet.

 Enjoy it the day tomorrow.

 We have wet weather  coming our way.

 Look at the rain coming down! You must get really  fed up! That is it.

 We might get

 I hope you can join me later on for  Hello and welcome to BBC Points West:  In tonight's programme: A bitter row over paying for our  elderly in care.

 Claims that a council is  threatening to move residents out if they're forced to pay more.

  implications of moving elderly clients would be catastrophic.

  Also tonight: The widow of a man who died after  being given contaminated blood says the compensation is insulting.

  And bitten off more than he can chew? The seal found up river with  The first a bust-up between the owners of nursing homes and a local  authority over the cost of looking after the elderly four-star North  Somerset Council is demanding a better deal at four nursing homes  and is refusing to pay more for care.

  It is that and to move residents to cheaper establishments in Cornwall.

  In the meantime, many homes claim they are losing money and several  have gone to the wall.

 Elderly residents trapped in a  bitter dispute over funding.

 There are 30 nursing homes demanding that  North Somerset council pays higher fees for their care.

 It has gone to  arbitration, but homeowners have told the BBC the council is  threatening to move its residents away if it loses the case.

 Owners  say it is a threat to aimed at forcing them to back down at losing  -- using vulnerable clients.

 I have patients that have been with me for  seven years.

 You build up their relationship with that patient and  their family.

 It would be devastating for them if they had to  be moved out.

 Owners say the residents would have to move out of  the region because homes here are near capacity.

 Some would go bust  if they lose those council contracts.

 This show does written  proof of the threat.

 Potentially disruptive for residents, many, if  not all of whom, would have to be moved.

 In a statement today North  Somerset council say they want to reassure residents and their  families they have no intentions of noodling of residence and that care  homeowners are being misleading and unhelpful.

 They went on to say they  already pay some of the highest fees in the south-west.

 Nursing  home owners estimate the true cost is about £750 per resident per week.

  But Holmes received only £559 per resident from the council.

 Meaning  private clients make up the shortfall paying around £900 per  week.

 Unlike any other business where you can reduce staff and  costs, in our serve as we cannot.

 We cannot reduce our staff because  we are told how many staff we must have on each shift to look after  our clients.

 We cannot reduce our clients and the small things which  we can reduce which do not affect care, we have done that.

 North  Somerset's dispute over fees should be settled by the summer.

 With  homeowners demanding the true cost of care is paid against a council  fighting for the best deal for taxpayers.

  I am joined by the owner of several care homes across the West Country.

  It would not ever come to be Team residents out of their home and  transferring them as far away as Cornwall, would it? I would hope  not.

 But it is in writing and I take it seriously.

 I have a home  which would be in jeopardy if that happened.

 I hope it is an idle  threat.

 It is there in writing.

 Of course, one has to take that  seriously.

 North Somerset do say they are not considering moving  residents at the moment.

 That is the first time we heard that, and  it is good news to hear that.

 you say if this threat was carried  out, what would be the impact on your homes? I have one that is 95%  funded.

 That Homer has lost £573,000 and five years.

 We receive  the £3.

33 per hour to look after a residents.

 Two pints of which is  paid by a local authority.

 What you're saying is that you were  losing money.

 That Homer's losing money because it is 95% LA  residents.

 What do you say to people who claim you're making a  lot of money running care homes.

 The local authority and taxpayer  need to be aware of what the costs of care are.

 We are regulated, our  staffing levels are set and a lot of our cases would otherwise be in  hospital.

 Hospital beds are £2,200 a week.

 We are expected to look  after that person for £550.

 getting a council contract is a  good deal.

 You're bound to give them a discount for that.

 It is  more than a discount.

 You have gone below the cost of care.

 In that one  particular home, I am losing 150 k per annum is.

 I am in a fortunate  position.

 If that home was isolated, it would close.

 Do you think it is  inevitable in the future that more and more private homes, private  clients rather will be subsidising the public? It is a question of  balancing at the moment.

 We were hoping things would improve with  the local authority.

 We must leave it there.

  It is all down to money and the grim state of council finances.

 It  is a crucial time as all our local authorities are working hard to  make their cuts.

 Our political editor joins us in the studio.

  If you wanted a clear sign of how difficult it is for councils, you  should take a look at what has been going on here.

 At the Department of  communities and local government there has been a steady stream of  visitors are asking for more money.

 Today, four top people from north  Somerset were their meeting a Minister to ask for help.

 I think  we have done what we could reasonably expect to do so.

 We were  never expecting anyone to say, here is some more money.

 I think it was  worthwhile are coming up.

 We have made our point.

 They left empty-  handed, knowing they have got to get back and get on with making  more cuts.

 One place where many councils are spending less is the  local library.

 North Somerset have made some savings, but next door  they are going further.

 Nearly two- thirds of libraries could close if  local communities to not take them over.

 It has sparked campaigns  across the county.

 People power on the streets of Somerset.

 Thousands  have already signed a petition opposing the possible closures.

  Today, they were stepping up their campaign.

 It will be a huge loss,  and once they are gone, they will not come back.

 Should the situation  get better, the national situation, nobody is going to give us  libraries any more.

 People struggled in the 19th century to  give us this enormous gift of universal literacy.

 We are going to  throw it away.

 They packed a consultation meeting on Friday.

  Around 200 came to make their feelings known to representatives  from the council.

 You talk about the cost of buildings, but you just  spent a fortune at moving that library.

 What were you thinking of?  The 20 libraries losing funding are smaller and quieter, visited by  just one in five library users.

 enormous financial challenge that  Somerset County Council faces at the moment, it is faced with  finding 28% cuts over the next four years.

 Locals believe the council  could be breaking the law and are considering a legal challenge.

 The  fate of this library may be decided in court.

  It is not just in Somerset.

 In Gloucestershire, campaigners are  considering court action to save the 11th libraries.

  We will keep you informed as the impact of the cuts continue across  the West.

 Still to come: We are checking in  at one of the coolest hotels in the world.

  Coming soon, a film about the A man has been arrested in  connection with a sexual assault on a five-year-old girl in Swindon.

  The incident happened in the 99p Store on Havelock Street on New  Year's Eve.

 The attacker led the girl, who had wandered away from  her mother, to a corner of the shop where he assaulted her.

 A 53-year  old man from Gloucestershire is now being questioned by the police.

  The body of a soldier killed in Afghanistan has been flown back to  RAF Lyneham in Wiltshire today.

 24- year-old Private Joseva Vatubua,  who was born in Fiji, had been serving with the 5th Battalion, The  Royal Regiment of Scotland.

 He was killed in an explosion, in  Helmand's Nahre Saraj district, on New Year's Day.

  Wiltshire Police has been told to improve its call handling  procedures after taking more than ten hours to check on an elderly  lady.

 The police found Iris Hacker seriously ill at her home in  Swindon after being warned by a friend that they could get no  response from her house.

 She later died in hospital.

 The Police  Complaints Commission says the service to Mrs Hacker fell below  acceptable standards.

 It's the second time in five weeks that the  force's call response has come under scrutiny.

  The widow of a man who died after being infected with contaminated  blood says an improved Government compensation package is insulting.

  Gill Purnell's husband Bob contracted Hepatitis C back in the  1970s after a blood transfusion.

 Now she says she'll continue her  campaign for increased compensation until the day she dies.

 Our Health  Correspondent Matthew Hill has been speaking to her this afternoon.

  Gill Purnell says she is still haunted by the memory of her  husband's final years before his death two years ago.

 As a hepatitis  C sufferer, Rob ended up on dialysis and had to have a leg  amputated.

 The liver transplant was horrendous because he was so  frightened.

 Absolutely petrified of having it done and afterwards, it  was two years to recover.

 Purnell made it his mission to  fight for compensation for being infected with contaminated blood  imported from American prisoners.

 have lost 12 years for my life and  I feel that the government should recognise these problems.

  Describing the blood scandal as one of the greatest tragedies in the  modern healthcare, the health secretary has just announced more  compensation.

 We believe these new arrangements could provide some 100  to £130 million.

 It will mean Mrs Purnell will receive an extra  £25,000 on top of her original settlement of £45,000.

 But she says  it's not enough and will continue her fight for other victims.

 Quite  frankly, I think it is a derisory amount and I think it is an insult.

  Is that the price you put on someone's life? These days the  screening of imported blood products through the Bristol-based  National Blood and Transplant is much more rigorous.

 But for almost  5,000 victims of this blood scandal, it seems the fight for justice is  not yet over.

 Football, and the new Bristol  Rovers manager Dave Penney takes charge of his first game tonight,  just 24 hours after getting the job.

 His side are in the relegation zone,  and play Walsall, the team bottom of the table.

 Alistair Durden is at  the Memorial Stadium.

 Ali, a good chance for him to get a winning  start then? It certainly looked that way.

 A new  manager often has the effect of getting the best out of players and  a squad because they are looking to impress him.

 Dave Penney is in the  dressing room at the moment.

 Talking to the Rovers players now  ahead of his first game.

 He's certainly not had time to get his  feet under the table since taking over yesterday.

 I caught up with  him in the last hour, to see how his first 24 hours have gone.

  has been a whirlwind.

 Agents getting in touch with you, trying  to put this player your way.

 But it is nice to get back into it.

  was it meeting the players? It was fine.

 I just wanted to have a chat  with them instead of just turning up at the game.

 We fetched them in  for a session of getting to know me.

 I know this is your 4th managerial  job, but does it still feel a little bit like the first day at a  new school? You get used to it, going into clubs.

 It is the same  when you're a player, you have to adapt to the new players.

 As a  manager, you adapt to the staff and players.

 You get used to it.

 You  get confident that what you were doing.

 Bennett is fairly easy to  settle in.

 How much can you influence Tonight's game? I like to  think that they played very well last week.

 I would like to think  they can continue that for 95 minutes if needs me.

 Darren set the  team up yesterday.

 I have had a chap with him -- I have had a chat  with him.

 I want them to play high- tempo, commitment, desire, all  those kind of things.

 What manager wouldn't start to win, especially  at home? Back a striker wants to scored the goal, the manager wants  to give the fans something to cheer about.

  Well, the new manager should get a few more fans through the  turnstiles tonight.

 So what do the early arrivals think about the  appointment of Dave Penney? I am quite impressed.

 I am glad we did  not go foreign ex-players.

 We need to get away from that.

 They need a  bit of work on their events at the moment.

 I am quite pleased.

 I think  it is the right move to get somebody outside the club.

 He has  been around quite a lot, so he should know what he is doing.

 It  looks as though he has the sort of person that is ambitious for the  club.

 That is what we have been lacking, I think.

 I have seen him  interviewed and he seems a nice sort of a chap.

 He seems to have  his wits about him, so let's hope.

 They will never beat Arsenal,  though! Are cameras are here as well and you will see the best of  the action On Our programme at 10:25pm.

  Thanks, Ali.

 In one other item of sports news, the Bristol Women's  Rugby player and England captain Catherine Spencer has announced  she's to step down ahead of the new international season.

 The 31-year-  old has captained England since 2007.

 She led the team to three  consecutive Six Nations titles and the World Cup final in 2010 which  they narrowly lost to the reigning champions New Zealand.

 The Bristol  number eight intends to continue playing as part of England's elite  squad.

 Now I hate to take you back to sub-  zero temperatures, we've had quite enough of those.

 But we are going  to, I'm afraid, as a Somerset film director has been involved with  designing a hotel suite at the world famous Ice Hotel in Sweden.

  Built entirely from ice every year, the hotel is the world's biggest  igloo.

 Guests can stay in one of 100 rooms all made entirely from  ice - beds, tables, everything.

 There's even an ice chapel and an  ice bar.

 Well I'm very pleased to say film  maker turned ice sculptor Marcus Dillistone from Somerset joins us  in the studio.

 While we you chosen? I think I was chosen for the idea  of.

 My daughter got me into it.

 We visited the hotel in March last  year.

 She wandered around and said, you could do this, you should apply.

  You know what daughters are like.

 So I came up with an idea,  submitted it and the next thing I know.

.

.

 Tells a bit about it.

  feel like you're sleeping in a fridge in his hotel.

 It is -5C, so  that is the idea, sleeping on the shelf of a fridge.

 At this stage, I  realise it was going to work.

 Here is the finished result in snow and  ice.

 It is hard to believe everything is made of ice.

 You  sleep on that.

 How difficult is it to sculpt in ice? It is beatable  stuff to sculpt.

 It is likely a glass but you can carded with  chisels and polish it and shape it.

 -- you can carve it.

 What is  actually like to stay in? Christmas Day I got to stay in it  with my daughter.

 -5C, it is fantastically exhilarating.

  sleep on radius gains.

 Complete silence in the hotel and in the  morning, you thought out with warm Lingen buried Jews.

  On it is idiotic, but it is cold.

 had a good thick coat.

 I didn't  wear it in bed, but quite a few layers under the sleeping-bag.

  we going to see you stop making films and make ice sculptures now?  I don't know about that.

 That you so much.

 Very nice to see you.

  Now from the Arctic Circle to Hollywood and it seems Tinseltown  has its sights set on Glastonbury.

 Well actually on a famous  Glastonbury story - how Christ's uncle, Joseph of Arimathea, came to  the town with the Holy Grail and founded the country's first  Christian Church there.

 They're promising a blockbuster with big  names.

 But there's a sting in the tail - it won't be filmed in  Glastonbury.

 Clinton Rogers has Coming soon - Glastonbury's  Joseph the legend, starring.

.

.

.

 Surrey, weighed one second.

 Antonia  Hewitt will not be starring.

 It will not be starring Glastonbury,  because according to the film- makers, this place justice and  Glastonbury enough.

 The problem is, well, the landscape  has changed a bit in the last 2010 years.

 So the people behind this  Hollywood blockbuster think they'd be better recreating the look at  other locations.

 Much like news Ireland despite New Zealand became  Middle Earth, we want ancient Glastonbury to be shot in places  like the Isle of Man, Ireland, Wales.

 All a bit of a blow to the  town which has always claimed Joseph of Arimathea as its own.

  After all, this is where after the resurrection Joseph is said to have  planted his staff in the ground, a staff which became the famous Holy  Thorn.

 And it was here that he founded the first Christian church  in this country.

 Without Glastonbury?, on! This is where  that Christ child came with his uncle and where the Holy Thorn  first was planted in England.

, Next I have never heard such rubbish in  all my life.

 It did it is not filmed here, Glastonbury: Isle of  Light, costing £15 million is bound to benefit the town.

 There will be  casting its soon.

 It should be in cinemas next year.

 They had hoped  that locally, a local story might feature local views.

 Even local  stars.

 Why not? Idea pantomime a couple of years ago.

 -- I did  pantomime.

 I shall never look at him in the same way again! Excuse  Shall I start the next Tory? No, I can do it.

 There is some  Ingles from the West that has made it onto film this week.

 A great  deal of -- grey seal was spotted on the River Severn in Gloucestershire  tackling a massive carp.

 It is the second scene in a key week.

  Miles from home and hungry, the seal grapples with a carping  Tewkesbury.

 It got so close to one angler that he captured this  amazing moment on a mobile phone.

 have never seen anything like it in  my life.

 Even though we didn't catch nothing that day, that may be  a good fishing trip.

 I had been fishing for 25 years and I have  never seen nothing at all like that, apart from a fire look on the  internet or something.

 Another sighting, again caught on camera by  an angler in Tewkesbury.

 This time it is eating a pike.

 We cannot be  sure whether the anglers saw different seals but either way, it  is amazing.

 It look like a grey seal and the carp looks in good  Excitement at the Marine Conservation where I was told that  seals can be found at -- in rivers.

 How it got here is quite an  achievement.

 This juvenile Graciela was rescued by the Wildlife  Hospital.

 It could be it is the same on the scene by the anglers  who have landed themselves a prize fisherman's story.

  You're not seeing things.

 Let's We are reaching a tipping point in  the weather.

 Something a good deal milder and wetter.

 Pretty windy  with it.

 That characterises the whether through the course of  tomorrow.

 There will be quite heavy rain at times.

 Let's look at the  broader set-up.

 The skies have clear and the temperatures have  dropped.

 The next Atlantic system will rattle in during the course of  tonight.

 During the course of tomorrow and overnight into  Thursday this trailing front just sits in situ bringing much milder  and wetter conditions.

 They are potentially some problems on the  way for Somerset.

 The Met Office issues an advisory for heavy rain.

  I would not be surprising that it extended to other regions and into  the weekend.

 Let's take you through the rainfall radar.

 This weather  front is arriving which is a good few miles off as they speak.

 Give  it till about 9:00pm this evening, the first few spots of rain falling  there.

 As we ran through towards midnight, it is ever trundling  eastwards.

 The wins are starting to pick up.

 By the time we are through  to daybreak tomorrow, they will not be as low as this.

 That milder air  is already starting to show its hand.

 Tomorrow morning, already a  win the set-up.

 I would imagine some local flooding on some of the  roads.

 There will be some dry interludes, but always a good deal  of cloud around.

 By mid-afternoon, another heavy poles of a rain.

 It  continues that way right through this evening.

 13 Celsius out in the  west of Somerset, broadly speaking 11-12.

 And the inclement conditions  will take a shine off that.

 High Sea conditions turning quite rough  through the Bristol Channel.

 Thursday is a largely similar story.

  As you can imagine, the graphics suggest that Thursday is a pretty  wet days.

 Friday will try out, it

 More unrest in Tunisia after 24  hours of riots, arson and looting.

 Tonight the army is out on the  streets of Tunis, the capital - under curfew - again.

$$WHITE  British tourists are among thousands still trying to flee the  country.

 Many have boarded emergency flights.

  And dreams of a record-breaking fifth victory for Kauto Star are  shattered as he's eclipsed at Good evening.

 A day after its  President fled, the capital of Tunisia is tonight again under  curfew with troops trying to maintain control after widespread  looting, arson and violence.

 A new interim president has been  appointed.

 The number of dead has also risen sharply, with dozens of  inmates reported to have been killed in an overnight prison fire  outside the capital.

 Our world affairs correspondent Adam Mynott  has sent this report from the capital Tunis.

  President Binyon is no more.

 Images of him are being ripped down, burnt  and trampled into the dirt.

 Tunisians are joyous about his  departure and they want to erase every trace of him and his regime.

  People have been carrying out reprisals against anything that  belonged to the former President.

 This banks for example, belonged to  Ben Ali's family.

 It's been smashed.

 In the last 48 hours, any property  connected to the former President has been destroyed.

 Buildings in  the capital and towns and cities across the city have been pillaged  and destroyed.

 Protesters attacked the railway station.

 The bill to  restore the damage will be huge, but this is a country where  confidence and public confidence need to be first.

 This was no  immediate coup but while the future is being sorted out, it's the  military that is in charge.

 Hundreds of stranded British  tourists are still hoping to fly out of Tunisia this evening.

 The  Foreign Office is advising against all non-essential travel to the  country.

 It's urged British nationals who're unable to leave  immediately to stay indoors.

 Lorna Gordon is at Manchester Airport,  where one emergency flight landed this afternoon.

 Arrivals here at  Terminal 2 at Manchester Airport, pretty quiet at the moment, but  earlier this afternoon, many hundreds of passengers were  streaming out on the first of today's flights from Tunisia.

 There  are other flights expected from Gatwick, Glasgow, East Midlands and  Birmingham - all full of people glad to be back home.

 Touching down  in Manchester to grey winter skies, the first of today's extra flights  bringing home early holidaymakers who had gone to Tunisia in search  of winter sun and had found themselves in a country in  political turmoil.

 Coming to the airport today, the devastation is  just dreadful.

 It was like the blitz again.

 We saw all the windows  smashed and the Army all the way along the road, had the guns, and  we heard gunshots as well.

 Airports in Tunisia are full of people  trying to leave, and extra flights are being laid on to bring those on  package holidays back to the United Kingdom.

 Several more left  yesterday.

 Eight more have taken to the skies today.

 There is guidance  for those who had been hoping to travel in the next few days.

  have cancelled our flights now clearly on advice of the Foreign  and Commonwealth Office.

 My advice to our customers is to come to one  of our First Choice or holiday shops where a range of options will  be made available.

 Tunisia is heavily again dent on tourism, but  the Foreign Office is advising all but essential travel to the North  African country.

 Despite the fact that many of those passengers had  undoubtedly a very frightening experience over the last couple of  days, what's interesting is many of them has said it hasn't put them  off going back to Tunisia at some point in the future.

  How many more people are expected to return home over the next 24  hours? What's happening is a second wave of flights, several flights  from tour operators left Tunisia yesterday.

 What they're hoping is  the flights on today - these eight additional flights two major tour  operators - will bring all remaining holidaymakers who were on  tours back to the United Kingdom, and they're estimating about 1,500  passengers in total are expected to return to the United Kingdom today.

  OK.

 Lorna Gordon at Manchester Airport, thank you very much.

  The United Nations has called for an emergency appeal to help victims  of floods in Sri Lanka.

 More than 300,000 people have been  displaced and at least 32 have died.

 Flood levels are now receding in  the worst-hit areas, but aid agencies are warning of the danger  of water-borne diseases.

 The Labour leader, Ed Miliband, has  called the Liberal Democrat's decision to enter into coalition  with the Conservatives "a tragic mistake.

" In a speech in London  today, he appealed to disaffected Lib Dems to work with Labour  against the planned cuts agenda.

 Our political correspondent Gary  O'Donague reports.

 Confusing times for the Liberal  Democrats as Labour tries woo them away from the coalition into a  left-of-centre alliance.

 Chief suitor is the Labour leader Ed  Milliband, who says it was a tragic mistake for the Lib Dems to go into  Government with the Conservatives.

 He's now offering them a fresh  start.

 I want them to find a welcome home in our party, not just  making up the numbers, but contributing actively to the  strengthening of our values and the renewal of our policies.

  strategists here at Lib Dem headquarters won't be surprised at  Ed Milliband's warm words.

 After all they themselves have borrowed  words from Labour in the past over issues like Iraq.

 Now Ed Milliband  wants some of those votes back to build his progressive majority.

  What will worry them is their slump in the opinion polls could suggest  Mr Milliband is already having some success.

 Though they failed to win  the Olympian by-election, the Lib Dems did slightly increase their  share of the vote, something that's given the party hierarchy a bit of  its confidence back.

 Even those on the left of the party seem  unwilling to entertain talks with Labour.

 My message to Liberal  Democrats is not to give into the blandishments of Ed Milliband.

 What  we need is for the party and its supporters to keep making sure that  we hold to our principles, which are there for generations.

 After  Labour's victory in Oldham, Ed Milliband can now love bomb the Lib  Dems, knowing it's an effective way of destabilising their relationship  with the Tories.

 Many Lib Dems quite like being in power.

  In the end it was not to be Kauto Star's attempt to make racing  history with a fifth successive win in the King George VI Chase ending  in disappointment this afternoon.

 With 15-time champion jockey Tony  McCoy in the saddle, Kauto Star had been attempting to beat the record  of four race victories held jointly with Desert Orchid.

 From Kempton  Park, here's our sports correspondent, Andy Swiss.

  Within touching Danes of history - Sports Personality of the Year and  horse of a lifetime, Tony McCoy and Kauto Star - what could possibly go  wrong? Hot favourite with the bookies and the punters too - all  expecting a moment of racing history.

 Kauto Star is going to win  it, and I have had a couple of winners, so I am happy.

 I think  Kauto Star is an absolute certainty.

 And they're away, and the crowd  gives them a big cheer.

 The last four years Kauto Star had romped  home, a record fifth win was surely a formality, but in racing, there's  no such thing as a dead "cert" and Kauto Star was struggling.

 The  second last, calamity.

 McCoy clung on, but the race was over.

 Victory  for long run - for Kauto Star, only third.

  A standing ovation, then, for Kauto Star after four years of utter  dominance here at Kempton Park.

 This, sadly, it seems, was simply a  race too far.

 He's been a fantastic horse, and it would have been great  if he would have won a fifth King George.

 Why he didn't I can't  really find really - there's no real clear-cut excuses as to why he  didn't win.

 He obviously made a mistake at the second last, but he  was already beat by then.

 A great day for a long run, but for  racing's dream team, not the fairy

 Violence in Egypt continues with  tens of thousands of protesters on the streets of Cairo.

  They are defying a curfew and continuing to demand the removal of  President Mubarak.

 At least 38 people have been killed  in five days of nationwide anti- Government protests.

  No riot police on the street.

 The army are doing their best to keep  control, but the situation is precarious.

 It is still dangerous  and this popular uprising is still very much alive.

  Some of the worst violence has been in Suez where the police station  came under attack.

 In London and Manchester, thousands  take part in marches to protest against cuts and tuition fees.

  And Kim Clijsters wins her first Australian Open after an epic  Good evening.

 Anti-Government protesters have  taken to the streets of Egypt for a fifth day despite President  Mubarak's promise to appoint a new Cabinet.

 As calls for the  beleaguered president's resignation continue, the army announced  extended curfew hours.

 Thousands gathered in Cairo where troops with  armoured vehicles have deployed.

 38 people were killed in yesterday's  clashes.

 Suez is another city hit by violence.

 In overnight fighting  13 people have been killed.

 Alexandria, eyewitnesses say live  rounds have been used.

 Several police stations were set  alight with reports of looting.

 Wyre Davies sent this report from  Cairo is in flames.

 This the headquarters of President Mubarak's  ruling NDP Party.

 The people of Egypt couldn't have sent him a  clearer message.

 The main square of the Arab world's biggest and most  important capital is like a war zone.

 The streets, for now, the  property of anti-Government protesters.

 This is how the protest  protesters is responded to Hosni Mubarak's appearance on television  last night and his decision to remain in power.

 Burned out  military vehicles.

 No riot police on the street.

 The army are doing  their best to keep control, but the situation is precarious.

 Still very  dangerous and this pop popular uprising is very much alive.

  As he promised in his speech last night, Hosni Mubarak has dismissed  his Government and is appointing a new Cabinet, but he remains at the  helm.

 I don't think, either he didn't get  the message and if he got the message and pretended he didn't  hear the Egyptian people, it is an insult to the intelligence of every  Egyptian person.

 The one thing the demonstrators  have is strength in numbers.

 Shouting liberty for Egypt.

 50,000  people took to the streets of Cairo today demanding nothing less than  the resignation of Mr Mubarak for who ruled for three decades.

 They  sense momentum is still on their side.

  He wanted a second chance, but this is not available anymore.

  REPORTER: How long will the revolution continue? Nobody knows.

  But as long as he is in power, I think people will not allow this to  happen.

 With so much anger, the streets of  Cairo do not feel safe.

 Amidst the violence and looting, soldiers have  been protecting artefacts at the famous Egyptian museum.

 Those  attractions now off limits to thousands of foreign tourists who  are heading home early.

 I have sympathy with the Egyptians  too.

 They did throw rocks at our coach yesterday so that was  frightening.

 Outside the hotels and Government  buildings, there are tanks on the streets of Cairo.

 For now, there is  an uneasy truce between the people and the army.

 How the military  responds if Mr Mubarak refuses to In Suez police and city officials  fled and the army has moved on to the streets.

 A large group of  protesters marched to Suez' police station which was set on fire on  Friday.

 This morning, we drove back into  the centre of Suez to survey the destruction.

 Yesterday, these burnt  out carcasses were full of riot police.

 Now, they have all fled.

  Scrawled on the sides, the star of David.

 The message that the police,  like Israel, are the enemy.

 Across the street, the main police  station still smoulders, but its destruction has not quenched the  public anger here.

 "Mubarak Must go" shouts one man.

  "changing the Government is not enough.

".

 The army rolled into Suez  in force.

 But so far, it is not clear what these tanks have been  sent here to do except to make a symbolic show that the Cairo  Government is still in some sort of control here.

  Although the military is on the streets in Suez, there is no real  sense that they are in control of the city.

 The police have gone.

 The  civil administration has fled.

 On the streets, there is the sense of  elation, but also determination from the crowds of people that they  will not give up until the regime of Hosni Mubarak has gone.

  At this coffee shop, opinion was unanimous.

 The problem is Mubarak.

  TRANSLATION: He has done done nothing, but disappoint.

 We thought  Mubarak would leave us, but when we heard him on the TV last night, we  realised nothing would change.

 We want him to go, not his Government.

  At the city morgue, the other side of the story.

 13 people were killed  here on Friday.

 Suez has borne the brunt of the deaths in these  protests.

 It is feeding the anger Well, let's go live to Cairo and  our world affairs correspondent there is Lyce Doucet.

 Lyse, any  sign of any real political concessions from President Mubarak?  Well, yesterday when he addressed the nation for the first time in  the so-called days of rage, he said that he was listening to his people  and that he would ask the Government to stand down and he  would form a new Government.

 He started to do that today.

 His first  announcement was the intelligence chief, Omar Suleiman was Vice-  President.

 There hasn't been a Vice-President in Egypt for as long  as anybody can remember.

 Omar Suleiman as the head of  intelligence, he was Mr Mubarak's man when he came to difficult  discussions when it came to Washington and he has been  mentioned as a possible successor to Hosni Mubarak.

 Two commentators  said if Hosni Mubarak had done that last year, but now they said too  little too late.

 Thanks, Lyse.

  Now to James Robbins who is outside the Foreign Office in Central  London.

 Egypt is a popular destination for the British.

 What's  the current advice, James? Well, the advice from officials at  the Foreign Office has hardened over the past few hours.

 The  Foreign Office is now add vitsing against -- advising against all but  essential travel to four Egyptian cities, but it is says it is OK for  people in the Red Sea resort.

 One BMI flight out of Heathrow was  turned around and brought back to Heathrow.

 British Airways has  chartered a plane to bring some people out of Egypt who want to  leave.

 This is what the Foreign Secretary, William Hague, had to  say.

 We continue to advice against all,  but essential travel to Cairo, Alexandria, Luxor and Suez, but the  Red Sea resorts are calm and I am sending additional resources to our  embassy in Cairo to help cope with the needs of any British nationals  affected by the violence there.

 The Foreign Secretary has been  assessing the changes going on, the challenge to President Mubarak, of  course.

 He is not calling on President Mubarak to leave, not  openly at any rate, but he is saying that President Mubarak needs  to listen carefully to what is coming to him from the street.

 He  needs to meet the aspirations of the Egyptian people.

 Of course, one  of those aspirations is President Mubarak should go, but Britain is  not saying that openly.

 You can sense that Britain and Washington  too are reassessing the usefulness of President Mubarak.

 He used to be  them a guarantor of stability.

 Perhaps now the analysis suggests  he maybe more of an liability than an asset.

  The United States is also advising against all but essential travel to  Cairo and other cities affected by the protests.

 For updates on the  situation in Egypt, there is a special live page on our website  bringing together the latest news.

 Thousands of people have taken part  in protest marches in Manchester and London.

 They are complaining  about the Government's plans to cut public spending and raise  university tuition fees in England.

 Unions are accusing the Government  of betraying an entire generation.

 At least 20 people have been  arrested.

 For this protest, the official  route took marchers through the heart of Westminster to the places  where students had confronted police in the past.

 Today, the mood  has been largely peaceful.

 This year the numbers involved in the  student protests have fallen, but there is still considerable anger  among the students at the changes to the funding of universities.

  This group have stopped just outside Downing Street.

  The event was lightly policed.

 Scotland Yard had scaled down the  number of its officers in recent weeks.

 What we have been saying all  along, the students are fighting for each and every person in this  country.

 Students alone cannot change the world.

 They cannot stop  the cuts.

 Only the organised organised trade union movement with  the strength and militancy of the students can break this coalition  in two.

 As we followed the march, we met  protest protesters of all ages.

 The fact is they do not collect the  tax from the tax evaders, but they are doing to condemn our future  generation to poverty.

 I am a mother who is here because I  have a seven-year-old child.

 I doubt if she is going to go to  university if she wants to be a doctor.

 Move the national debt on  to my child.

 By mid-afternoon, the protesters  were freely roaming the streets.

 They ended up at Millbank Tower.

  Still boarded up from the violence in November.

  A policeman appeared to be injured here.

 But the protesters moved on  with a new target in mind.

 So students joined British  opponents of the Egyptian Government outside the country's  embassy.

 It has been besieged all afternoon.

  In Manchester, more crowds.

 Swelled by the involvement of trade unions.

  A major protest against the Government's cuts is planned for  The Labour leader, Ed Miliband, has visited British troops in  Afghanistan for the first time.

 He told soldiers in Helmand province  that he supported the Government plans for a withdrawal of coalition  forces by 2015 and he insisted Britain was united behind the  military campaign.

 Tennis and Kim Clijsters has has  won her first Australian Open singles title beating Li Na.

 Li Na  took the first set, but lost by two sets to one.

 Andrew Murray says he  is confident he can claim his first Grand Slam victory when he takes on  the world number three, Novak Djokovic in the men's final  tomorrow morning.

 Tim Franks From the world's most pop list  country, a first.

 Li Na was the first Chinese player to reach a  Grand Slam final.

 A bouquet of sorts.

  Her opponent today was a woman they called Ozzy Kim, so fond of  Australians of the Belgian, Kim Clijsters.

  It wasn't just the crowd.

 The luck appeared to start on Kim Clijsters'  side.

 But Li Na clawed her way back from  a break down to take the first set.

 The second set was sub submerged  under a heap of errors.

 Li Na appeared irritated by her local  support.

 For the first time in five years, a  woman's Grand Slam final went to a deciding set.

 After an early break,  Kim Clijsters hung on.

 I finally feel like you guys can  call me Aussie Kim because I won the title!  Tomorrow, it will be Andrew Murray's turn.

 He had to endure a  sapping semi-final and he has had a day less than Novak Djokovic to  recover.

 Andrew Murray suggests he may have the measure of his  opponent.

 In the final, it is very important  to serve well and sort of take

 Good evening.

 British helicopters  have come under fire from Colonel Gaddafi's forces as they attacked  targets in Libya for the first time.

 French helicopters also took part  in the raids.

 The Apaches were tasked with two precision strikes  in the oil town of Brega.

 One was at a radar site, the other an armed  military checkpoint.

 Our defence correspondent, Jonathan Beale, sent  correspondent, Jonathan Beale, sent  It is the proof that Britain is  stepping up the offensive.

 Four Apache helicopters ready to launch  from a warship.

 We watched as they made their final preparations for a  mission that would involve increased risks.

 The Apaches would  be flying slower and lower than other NATO warplanes, more  vulnerable to any attacks from the ground.

  There is a range of risks.

 Ultimately, prolific small-arms  fire, rocket-propelled grenades.

 Under darkness, they took off for  the first strikes.

 Soon they would be within range of their targets.

  You can see the lights of the Libyan coast in the background.

 We  are within 20 miles of Libya.

 Those helicopters which have just left we  have been told will strike targets within the area of Brega.

 You could  see the impact of the Apaches' missiles.

 The Ministry of Defence  has now released video of the Apaches' strike on a radar  installation, a target which had been missed by other NATO warplanes.

  Franche launched synchronised attacks with their Gazelle  helicopters.

 Within two hours, the British helicopters were back on  board HMS Ocean.

 We understand they had been fired on.

 One of the  flight crew said they were still able to deal with threats on the  ground.

 We struck a military radar  installation on the coast, which we destroyed with hellfire missiles.

  The arrival of the Apaches marks an escalation, but with no guarantees  that they can bring a swift end to The four people killed in an  explosion at an oil refinery in Pembrokeshire have been named.

 They  were 48-year-old Robert Broom, Dennis Riley, who was 52, 54-year-  old Julie Jones and Andrew Jenkins, who was 33.

 Oil experts from the  United States have flown to the Chevron plant to help police  investigating the cause of the A British soldier has been killed  in southern Afghanistan.

 The soldier from the Highlanders, 4th  soldier from the Highlanders, 4th Battalion The Royal Regiment of  Scotland, was fatally wounded during an insurgent attack in the  Lashkar Gah district of Helmand Province.

 His family has been  The Queen's long wait for success in the Derby continues.

 Her horse -  the favourite, Carlton House - was beaten into third in a thrilling  finale.

 The winner by a nose was the French horse Pour Moi.

 From  Epsom, Tim Franks reports.

 Sport of kings has one fierce royal  devotee.

 The Queen loves her horses.

 The world's most famous Flat race  has not been very kind to her.

 The closest she came to a winner was 58  years ago, when her horse came in second.

 In the end, it was a  teenage French jockey on a French- trained, Irish own horse, which did  for the British Queen.

 And so the Queen's 10th attempt to win the  Derby has ended in failure.

 The huge surge of goodwill could not  quite drag her horse over the line first.

 Sport once again kick  against the script that had been

 Japan warns of further meltdown at  one of its nuclear plants.

 Radiation testing is under way as  hundreds of thousands are evacuated.

 The government says it's the worst  crisis for Japan since the end of the Second World War.

  More than 100,000 troops are now involved in the rescue efforts but  the death toll continues to mount.

 As new pictures emerge of the  tsunami's force, Japan is warned it faces the threat of another serious  earthquake within days.

 Good evening.

 Japan is warning  there could be further meltdown at the nuclear plant close to where  the earthquake struck.

 And there's now concern about the safety at a  second installation.

 The country's Prime Minister said today Japan is  facing its worst crisis since the Second World War.

 And there are  fears the death toll could reach tens of thousands.

 People have been  warned to brace themselves for a further large earthquake.

 The Met  Office says another major tremor could hit within the next 72 hours.

  Today, the country doubled the number of troops involved in the  rescue effort to over 100,000 and introduced rolling blackouts across  the country to ration electricity.

 We'll be reporting fears over the  safety of the Fukushima nuclear plant in a moment, but first Damian  Grammaticus has just sent this report from the devastated city of  Sendai - closest to the epicentre of the quake.

 In the distance, the  skyscrapers of Sendai.

 All around is destruction.

 And teams searching  for thousands who are still missing.

 Few could have survived this.

 I  counted over 50 cars swept aside by the tsunami in this field alone.

 We  came across this woman.

 She was riding her horse here when the  earthquake struck.

 She jumped in her car and fled as the waves  approached.

 TRANSLATION: The traffic lights had  stopped working.

 There was massive congestion.

 Rows and rows of cars.

  Words fail me.

 There's nothing here.

 The things that are supposed to be  here, everything is gone.

 Then she stood where she was, rooted to the  spot, bewildered.

 Others didn't outrun the tsunami.

 We watched as  the teams found one more of the missing, drowned in their car.

 More  than 200 bodies have been recovered in this area alone.

 The police  chief estimates 10,000 have died.

 Then we headed towards where the  tsunami hit land.

 Every where is a sea of mud.

 Take a look at this -  cars swept into houses and this is a little village and this is the  road that leads up to the seaside.

 It's covered in debris.

 The  destruction goes on and on.

 New footage of the tsunami - gasps of  astonishment from those watching.

 As it poured over an embankment,  across a road, into a car park, boats are carried away.

 People look  on as they are crushed.

 See it and you understand why so much has been  destroyed.

 Incredibly, though, ten miles off the coast, on the remains  of the roof that was ripped off his home, Japan's Navy found this man  today, rescued, but his wife was swept away.

 Over 3,000 stranded  people have been rescued, including this group of children ferried to  safety by Japanese troops.

 This evening, the recovery teams had to  pull back a couple of miles from the sea shore, another tsunami  alert has just sounded.

 Every day there are more new earth tremors,  aftershocks.

 The natural order of thing has been shaken here and  nobody knows when it will settle down again.

  Concerns are now being raised over three separate nuclear reactors at  Fukushima.

 Officials are reassuring the public that there is no  immediate, danger but an exclusion zone around the facility has been  extended and the evacuation of people from the area now runs into  the hundred of thousands.

 They survived the quake, now they are  being checked for radiation.

 Hundreds of thousands of people  told to leave their homes in a wide area around a stricken nuclear  plant.

 TRANSLATION: I want to know exactly  what is going on at the nuclear plant.

 I am scared.

 They are  struggling to make safe reactors damaged by the earthquake and the  wall of water that swept through the complex in Fukushima.

 For a  time, radiation leaked, exceeding safety limits.

 Officials say the  levels have since declined.

 It is not the only plant with problems,  though.

 This one, further north, has been damaged, too.

 On  television here, they are looking for reassurance from the experts.

  It is hard for the Japanese public to be sure about the level of risk  they face.

 The Prime Minister's told the country they need to pull  together in this time of need.

 TRANSLATION: Against this hardship  of earthquake and a tsunami, we should be able to stand up to and  we believe that we will be able to overcome this.

 Strong aftershocks  are still being felt across the country adding to the risks the  rescuers face.

 The problems at the nuclear plants are making a bad  situation even worse.

 Huge swathes of the country still have no  electricity supplies.

 So serious are the shortages of power, from  tomorrow the government will start rationing it here.

 In Tokyo and  around the country, there will be planned power cuts lasting for  three hours in each place.

 They are warning the restrictions on energy  usage could last for weeks.

 It is a devastating blow for Japan, one of  the world's largest economies.

 We can speak to Damian Grammaticus  who joins us now from Sendai.

 Describe what you are seeing there  now? Well, here in the city of Sendai, in the heart of the city of  Sendai, things look pretty normal.

 The earthquake that caused this  tsunami didn't do the damage that the tsunami did.

 What you find  during the daytime, the few shops that were open, there were huge  queues of people outside.

 There was a supermarket, perhaps 500 metres  long was the queue, people trying to get in there because food and  water are in short supply.

 I went into one shop this evening,  absolutely every edible thing in that shop, and everything to drink,  except for alcohol, had all been bought.

 Really, it is when you go  down to the tsunami zone along the sea shore that you really see the  devastation down there.

 Every community has just been obliterated  in a zone a couple of miles deep all the way along the sea shore.

  The woman in our report, that was the most striking thing for me  today.

 She didn't know where she was, even though she goes there  every week to that area.

 What about the concerns now at the nuclear  power plants? How real are those? Well, there are very real concerns  about the one further south in Fukushima where we had the  explosion in the reactor yesterday, fears about a possible another  explosion and now, of course, this second reactor which is further up  the coast from here.

 I think what concerns people here more than  anything else, though, is first of all the risk of more earthquakes,  there are tremors happening every day.

 We were woken up last night  when our hotel shook backwards and forwards.

 Even more than that, it  is the risk of another tsunami that I think really worries people and  when we were down at the sea shore, we had to evacuate again.

 When you  consider 10,000 people may have died in this area, you can  understand why people are so worried.

 Absolutely.

 Thank you.

  Its hospital stood defiant against the raging tsunami, but the small  port town of Minamisanriku has all but been wiped from the map.

 More  than half of its 17,500 population is unaccounted for and feared dead.

  Alastair Leithead is the first television journalist to reach the  town and has just sent this report.

 From the air it just looked unreal,  but close up the true impact the wave had here on homes, shops,  whole neighbourhoods is overwhelming.

 For mile after mile,  the tsunami flattened everything throwing cars aside, pulverising  houses and dragging the debris far inland.

 10,000 people are still  unaccounted for here, more than half the town is missing.

 The roads  are only now being cleared and the phone lines are down.

 This family  did make it out in time.

 They came back today and were shocked by the  damage.

 TRANSLATION: I was in a car with my  daughter when everything began to shake violently.

 We rushed back to  the house, grabbed a few bags.

 then drove out of town just before  the tsunami struck.

 This is one small cove, one tiny inlet that we  have been able to get to along this vast length of coastline.

 You can  get a sense of the power of the wave, crushing this car.

 Another  one on its roof.

 Buildings picked up and dragged by the power of the  water up the valley.

 This is the impact in this small area alone.

  Imagine this in an area where people were living.

 Hundreds of  those who made it to safety were sheltering in a local school Sports  Hall.

 Their home and possessions lost - nowhere to go.

 They read and  told more stories of lucky escapes.

 TRANSLATION: I watched everything.

  The wave came in and I saw it hit the concrete breakwater.

 It was  flicked aside and the water rushed in there.

 The houses were washed-  away and the wave almost reached us high above the village.

 Japan is  prepared for earthquakes and tsunamis.

 Their evacuation plans no  doubt saved lives.

 This one so big, so powerful and so devastating the  number of dead will just continue to rise.

  The US has welcomed the Arab League's backing of the UN Security  Council's plans to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya.

 The League said it  would set up formal contacts with the National Council - a body run  by those opposing Colonel Gaddafi.

 But Gaddafi's forces are continuing  to advance on a number of rebel- held towns.

 Wyre Davies reports  from Ras Lanuf, one of the towns recently won by advancing Gaddafi  troops.

 To assess the full-scale of Colonel Gaddafi's military progress,  we had to drive across hundreds of miles of the Sahara desert, past  towns and villages recently held by rebel forces but now overrun by  better-equipped and better- organised government troops.

 This  is what happened in Bin Jawad.

 Apart from pockets of resistance  around Tripoli, this was as far west as anti-government forces got.

  The local police station, one of many symbols of the regime's  authority, destroyed early in the fighting.

 It's now been reclaimed  by the Colonel's supporters.

 There is an awful lot of ruin and  destruction here in Bin Jawad, a town that has seen a lot of  fighting.

 This is a crucial place on the seaboard between Tripoli in  the west and Benghazi in the east.

 To win back this town from the  rebels, as we can see here, the government has had to use a lot of  heavy weaponry.

 Faced with vastly superior guns and rockets, the  rebels beat a hasty retreat.

 The evidence of fierce fighting  littering the roadside on our drive to the east.

 Rebel forces who had  onceed du' once talked -- once talked about a march on Tripoli are  now going backwards.

 Our concern is that the population is not really  having a chance to protect itself from this.

 It has nothing to do  with most of the people who are being harmed by the ongoing  conflict.

 They have to be protected.

 Beyond the damaged oil terminal at  Ras Lanuf is the new frontline.

 American support for the idea of  imposing a no-fly zone may come too late for Gaddafi's opponents.

 Their  dreams of a new democratic Libya are going up in smoke as a final  showdown looms in the east.

 There have been fresh clashes in  Bahrain between police and anti- government protesters.

 Security  forces in riot gear fired tear gas to clear the demonstrators from  areas around the Pearl Roundabout, the focal point of weeks of  demonstrations on the small Gulf Island.

  The Liberal Democrat leader, Nick Clegg, has told his party that they  will "never lose their soul" despite being in coalition with the  Conservatives.

 But, in his speech at the Lib Dem Spring Conference,  Mr Clegg admitted that being in Government meant "painful  He knew his task today was to make his party feel good.

 Liberal  Democrats are under pressure, anxious about plummeting poll  ratings and being swallowed up in the coalition.

 Nick Clegg tried to  reassure them.

 We didn't take the easy path last May, but we did take  the right path.

 So, yes, we have had to toughen up, but we will  never lose our soul.

 Claiming to be neither of the left nor right, but  governing from the middle, for the middle, the Liberal Democrat Leader  tried to define those his party wanted to support.

 We are on the  side of the people I call "alarm clock Britain" - people who have no  choice but to work hard, to make ends meet.

 Turning to unease in his  own ranks over plans to reorganise the NHS in England, he warned.

.

.

  Don't believe for a moment Labour's scaremongering about privatising  the NHS.

 No Government of which I am part will tamper with the  essential contract at the heart of the NHS to care collectively for  each other as fellow citizens.

 World-class healthcare for all.

  Some here don't think that addresses their concerns over  health policy.

 Mr Clegg finished by urging activists to use elections  in May to boast about their achievements.

 When you go into this  election campaign and people are asking what difference we have made  to Government, tell them that this Government is getting our economy  moving, investing in our children, renewing our political system, and  restoring civil liberties.

 Tell them we are in Government and we  are on your side.

 Thank you very much.

 This speech was all about  Nick Clegg reassuring his party they are having an influence in  Government.

 It is a message that's gone down well.

 They are not happy  with Government policy on health, they expect him to go back to  Westminster and do something about it.

 There are more testing times  ahead for this party.

 Rugby now, and England have kept  their Grand Slam hopes alive after beating Scotland in the Six Nations.

  They won by 22 points to 16 at Twickenham.

 Strutting its stuff in  front of 80,000 before kick-off, the Twickenham fox could have been  the living embodiment of Scottish audacity and cunning.

 The team took  their cue, early ambition rewarded as Chris Paterson kick them in  front.

 England responded through the boot of Toby Flood to take the  lead.

 Right on half-time, the concerted Scottish attack allowed  Jackson to restore parity.

 Till quite late on, England were sheep  in sheep's clothing rather than wolves.

 Then the turning point as  Scotland's John Barclay was sin- binned.

 Then the home side produced  their one cohesive move of the match - Tom Croft crashing over.

  Even that didn't quell Scottish spirits.

 With seven minutes left,  their enterprise allowed Matt Evans to score a converted try.

 The  trusty boot of Jonny Wilkinson then made it safe.

 Their Grand Slam  hopes are still alive.

 And their World Cup ambitions are  considerably undermined.

 The draw for the FA Cup semifinals  has been made.

 Manchester City will play Manchester United, that's if  City can beat Reading today.

 Stoke will play Bolton in the other semi.

  Stoke beat West Ham 2-1 in their quarterfinal which was played at  the Britannia Stadium earlier today.



