

India beat Pakistan 2-1, break record for winning most Men's Hockey Junior Asia Cup titles.
India defeated Pakistan 2-1 in final to win Men's Hockey Junior Asia Cup 2023 title. India broke the record for winning most number of Men's Hockey Junior Asia Cup titles. India clinched the title for the fourth time, overtaking Pakistan, who've won it three times. Araijeet Singh Hundal and Angad Bir Singh scored for India in the final.

Fake: Urvashi's mother on reports that actress moved into ₹190-crore bungalow.
Urvashi Rautela's mother Meera Rautela took to her Instagram handle to share a screenshot of a recently published news article about her daughter moving into a ₹190-crore bungalow. Calling it fake, she wrote, "Inshallah such a day will come soon...And all #news #channel prayers be accepted...Amen!". Reports had claimed that the bungalow is next to Yash Chopra's house.

Amber Heard confirms permanently moving to Spain.
Amber Heard has confirmed reports that she has relocated to Spain. In a video posted on TikTok, the actress can be seen talking to reporters outside her Madrid home, where she has reportedly moved with her two-year-old daughter, Oonagh Paige. "Amber, how's your new life...in Madrid?" the cameraman asked, to which she replied in Spanish, "I love Spain, so much."

World's only known all-white panda spotted in China, video released.
Visuals of the world's only known all-white panda was released by the Wolong National Nature Reserve in China's Sichuan province. In the video, captured by an infrared camera, the white panda was seen approaching a black and white mother panda and her cub. The panda was earlier captured in the reserve in 2019, when it was just a cub.

Never accepted tobacco ad offers, it was a promise I made to my father: Sachin Tendulkar.
Sachin Tendulkar, in an interview, stated that when he started playing for India, he started getting many advertisement offers including that of promoting tobacco products. He added that his father asked him to never promote tobacco products. "I never accepted such offers...This was a promise I made to my father," he stated.

Dwayne Bravo, Kieron Pollard engage in banter over CSK and MI, video goes viral.
CSK bowling coach Dwayne Bravo and MI batting coach Kieron Pollard engaged in banter over CSK and MI, with Bravo sharing a video on Instagram. "Can someone help me settle this debate...Apparently...Llord Pollard believes...his team is the most successful IPL team...Let...record show CSK...is...most successful IPL team," Bravo wrote. Bravo also teased Pollard for winning more T20 titles than him.

90% Congressmen feel bad for not attending Parliament event: BJP.
Union Minister Piyush Goyal, during an interview, said that 90% of Congressmen say that they would've loved to be a part of the inauguration of the new Parliament building, but couldn't because they were told not to. He further said that the members of the ruling party and the Opposition talk "informally" very often.

500+ candidates for 20 posts, MBBS is new B.Tech: Doctor on crowd at hospital.
An image of a crowd at a Delhi hospital is being shared widely on social media. "20 posts, 500+ candidates...MBBS is the New B.Tech...Yes, this is the condition when you try to get a job after passing MBBS," Doctor Dhruv Chauhan tweeted. "In the picture is Delhi State Cancer Institute (GTB) for the vacancy of non-academic Junior Residency," he added.

10 trains to Bengaluru airport cancelled due to low ridership.
As many as 10 Memu (Mainline Electric Multiple Unit) express trains to and from the Kempegowda International Airport railway station in Karnataka's Bengaluru have been cancelled. The Railways cited low ridership with occupancy rates falling below 5% and a severe shortage of crew members as the reason. The fare of these trains was cheaper than bus or taxi rides.

Fighter will be on bigger level than SRK's Pathaan: Stunt director.
Action and stunt director Parvez Shaikh said that Hrithik Roshan's 'Fighter' will be "on a bigger level" than Shah Rukh Khan's 'Pathaan' in terms of action. "When we shot for...action of 'Fighter', there was...lot of sunlight. In that kind of sunlight, we did a lot of action like [with] fire, blast, chopper, helicopter, fighter planes and more," Shaikh said.

I moved to Mumbai at 20, plan B was to do MBA in fashion: Rakul.
Actress Rakul Preet Singh recalled that she was just 20 when she moved to Mumbai. "I'm a Maths graduate...I had told myself I'll give [acting] a try for two years and if it doesn't work out, I'll get back to my studies," she revealed on a podcast. Rakul added that her plan B was to do an MBA in fashion.

Swimmers stuck on jetty rocks rescued in Florida; video surfaces.
Beachgoers in US' Florida were rescued on Memorial Day after getting stranded on slippery rocks. A marine unit, along with other emergency services, helped retrieve the swimmers who were trapped on the jetty rocks due to the strong current. Authorities have warned beachgoers against approaching the rocks. The Independent also shared a video of the rescue.

Who'd you bench for Amir even if he came out of retirement: Gul.
Talking about Pakistani pacer Mohammad Amir, ex-Pakistan pacer Umar Gul said, "Even if Amir comes out of retirement, who'd you bench for him?" "Pakistan has...lot of options in pace department," he added. "I was surprised when Amir retired from international cricket...It's important to remember that you can't always pinpoint a specific coach...as the sole reason for being dropped," stated Gul.

Many selfish cricketers represented Eng in 1997, 2001: Harmison.
Ex-England pacer Steve Harmison said many selfish players represented England in 1997, 2001 and 2003/04. "The likes of Nasser Hussain...Dominic Cork, Darren Gough [and] Andy Caddick...[were] a group of individuals playing...as a team," added Harmison. Talking about Australia, Harmison stated, "[They] were a team. [They] might've had some differences but we never picked up once (on any of them)."

WB CM Mamata rides pillion on bike amid support for wrestlers.
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Thursday participated in a candlelight march to Kolkata's Gandhi statue in support of wrestlers protesting in Delhi against the alleged sexual harassment by WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh. She was also seen riding pillion on a bike, a video of which surfaced online. Someone also helped her wear a helmet in the video.

Rohit's pull shot interesting in ODIs, issue in Tests: Manjrekar.
Commentator Sanjay Manjrekar said Team India captain Rohit Sharma's pull shot is extremely interesting in ODIs but an "issue" while playing Test matches. "There are only two solutions for him [with regard to this aspect in Tests]. Either leave the ball because he is not a batter who hooks the ball compulsorily or keep the ball down," added Manjrekar.

Video shows 5 'best' Manchester derbies so far before FA Cup final.
Manchester City have shared a video on their YouTube channel which shows the five "best" Manchester derbies played so far between Manchester United and City, ahead of their upcoming FA Cup final. The video includes City's 6-3 win against United in 2022 where Erling Haaland scored a hat-trick. City, United will face off in FA Cup final for first time.

GQG considers raising exposure to Adani, adds more Nvidia shares.
Investment firm GQG Partners intends to buy more stocks of the Adani conglomerate by participating in capital increases the group announced in May, Chief Investment Officer Rajiv Jain said. He added that GQG has "meaningfully increased" its position in Nvidia. GQG added 8.2 million shares in Nvidia in the first quarter, worth $2.3 billion then, according to a regulatory filing.

WhatsApp reveals it banned 74.5 lakh accounts in India in April.
WhatsApp has revealed that it banned 74.5 lakh accounts in India in April. Out of this, 24.7 lakh accounts were proactively banned without any report from users. The platform received 4,377 complaints from users in April. However, WhatsApp took action in the case of only 234 complaints, about 5% of the total complaints.

Free power, subsidised cooking gas in Raj a poll gimmick: Mayawati.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati criticised the Congress government in Rajasthan over announcement of 100 units free electricity and cooking gas at rate of ₹500 by CM Ashok Gehlot. Calling the announcement an election gimmick, she tweeted, "In view of the rising inflation, they should have done this work five years ago after the formation of the government there."

Jagan calls TDP manifesto 'bisi bele bath', taken from 2 parties.
Andhra Pradesh CM YS Jagan Mohan Reddy on Thursday termed former CM Chandrababu Naidu-led Telugu Desam Party (TDP)'s "mini election manifesto" as "bisi bele bath", a rice-based dish from Karnataka. "Naidu's manifesto was not born in Andhra Pradesh," Jagan said. "It's a...manifesto taken from the two parties, the Congress and...BJP in the recently concluded elections in Karnataka," he added.

Ola CEO Bhavish floats new firm, likely to enter AI space: Report.
Ola Co-founder and CEO Bhavish Aggarwal registered a new company named Krutrim SI Designs along with Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti, who is one of the board members of ANI Technologies—which owns Ola Cabs and Ola Electric, data sourced from the Ministry of Corporate Affairs showed. The new company will focus on the Computer Programming and Artificial Intelligence space.

5 yrs of magical run ends: Swiggy's outgoing CTO on his last day.
Swiggy's outgoing CTO Dale Vaz in a post on his last day at the firm on May 31 wrote, "Five years of a magical run at Swiggy came to an end today, as I logged out of my system for the last time." He also listed out Swiggy's achievements during his tenure, including building a billion-dollar Instamart business.

Struggle for independence: CM Mamata seeks justice for wrestlers.
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Thursday held a candlelight march in Kolkata in support of the protesting wrestlers. Describing the wrestlers' struggle as a struggle for life, justice and independence, Mamata Banerjee said that she will "fight till protesting wrestlers get justice". "We are proud of them, I will request the wrestlers not to give up," she added.

Investors coming to India only talk about growth prospect: Piramal.
Piramal Group Chairman Ajay Piramal said post-COVID-19, there's a lot of positivity and optimism in India and outside of India about investing in India. "Investors coming to India only talk about the growth prospects and say there are very few risks...One of the reasons is the way we managed COVID-19—for the population, for the economy—it has been exemplary," he said.

Delhi Minister Atishi gets additional portfolio of Public Relations Dept.
Delhi Cabinet Minister Atishi has been allocated the Public Relations Department in addition to the portfolios she is presently holding. The department was earlier headed by Minister Kailash Gahlot. Atishi is handling Education, Women and Child Development, Public Works Department, Power and Tourism among other portfolios.

Adah Sharma shares pics from Kerala Story shoot, says 'Dehydrated for 40 hrs in -16°C'.
Actress Adah Sharma shared pictures from the shoot of 'The Kerala Story' on Instagram. "Sunkissed, after and before from #TheKeralaStory. Secret to chapped cracked lips like these...dehydrate for 40 hours in minus 16 degrees," she wrote. Adah shared that during a scene, where she had to fall on the ground, a mattress was provided for practice but it wasn't used.

Indian man wins ₹11.5 lakh at Singapore firm's 'Squid Game' themed challenge.
An Indian employee who hadn't heard of the Netflix show 'Squid Game' before won SGD18,888 (over ₹11.5 lakh) at his Singapore employer's annual dinner and prize game based on the show. Selvam Arumugam works at Pollisum Engineering. The 42-year-old, who hails from Tamil Nadu, would use the money to build a home in India and help his family members.

GRE test duration to be halved from September.
The GRE General Test will take less than two hours to complete, roughly half the time of the current test, from September 2023. "This makes the GRE the shortest and most efficient test for graduate, business and law school admissions," the Educational Testing Service (ETS) said. "Candidates can expect their official scores much faster, in just 8-10 days," ETS added.

INC shares morphed pic of PM with Vinesh Phogat, says 'Beti Rulao'.
Congress on Thursday shared a morphed image of wrestler Vinesh Phogat with PM Narendra Modi and captioned it "Beti Rulao". In the picture, PM Modi can be seen staring at an image on the wall, in which Phogat can be seen crying. The image shared by Congress is an apparent dig at PM over his silence on the wrestlers' protest.

Football commentator Peter Drury calls Harsha Bhogle his 'hero', he responds.
Football commentator Peter Drury termed Harsha Bhogle his "hero" after being told Harsha wants to meet him "some day". "We're going to meet in London next week. I can't wait. He's my hero," Drury said. Harsha responded, "That's awfully nice of Peter but I do think he exaggerates too kindly...But I'll take it!" He added, "Look forward to meeting you."

True leader, playing with one leg: Sivaramakrishnan on Dhoni's IPL 2023 campaign.
After MS Dhoni underwent a knee surgery today, former India leg-spinner Laxman Sivaramakrishnan, referring to Dhoni playing IPL 2023 with knee injury, tweeted, "True leader, playing with one leg. No pain no gain. The agonising pain did not affect his clarity of thoughts." He added, "Amazing how he was able to lead a side with so much pain."

Disqualification from Lok Sabha gave me huge opportunity: Rahul.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has said that he didn't imagine that his disqualification from Lok Sabha was possible when he joined politics but added that it has given him a huge opportunity to serve people. He said this at Stanford University Campus in California. Rahul was disqualified from Parliament after he was convicted in a criminal defamation case.

PTI President Parvez Elahi arrested in Lahore, party shares video.
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party President and former Prime Minister Imran Khan's close aide Chaudhry Parvez Elahi was arrested outside his residence in Lahore on Thursday. "Shameful how the regime doesn't stop their fascism," PTI tweeted, sharing a video showing security personnel dragging the 77-year-old leader while arresting him. "Absolutely ridiculous!" PTI wrote.

Info Edge initiates forensic audit into Rahul Yadav's startup 4B Networks.
Info Edge is initiating a forensic audit into Housing.com's Co-founder Rahul Yadav's new venture 4B Networks. Allcheckdeals India Private Limited (AIPL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Info Edge, invested ₹288 crore in broker network 4B Networks and subsequently wrote down its entire investment. 4B networks allegedly repeatedly failed to provide details of financial transactions that AIPL asked for.

NASA releases footage of 'UFO' flying over the Middle East.
NASA recently held its first public meeting on its study of unidentified anomalous phenomena (UAP). During the meeting, NASA released a footage of an orb-shaped 'UFO' flying over the Middle East. NASA stated that the object has no "enigmatic technical capabilities". "Being able to come to some conclusion is going to take time," NASA added.

We take responsibility: Environment Minister Bhupender Yadav on cheetah deaths.
With three cheetahs and as many cubs dying at the Kuno National Park in Madhya Pradesh in three months, Union Environment Minister Bhupender Yadav on Thursday said, "We take responsibility for whatever happened." However, he asserted that the translocation project will be a "major success". "The three cubs died due to extreme heat. The temperature soared to 47°C," Yadav added.

Heatwave warning issued for several Bengal districts till June 7.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Thursday issued a heatwave warning for parts of West Bengal till June 7. People are likely to witness hot and humid weather in districts including West Bardhaman, South 24 Parganas, East Midnapore, Purulia, Malda and North and South Dinajpur. People have been advised to avoid prolonged heat exposure.

Man who spent 6 hours a shift in toilet citing 'health issues' fired in China.
A case of a man who was fired by a Chinese company for spending up to six hours a shift in the toilet has gone viral on Chinese social media, SCMP reported. Wang cited 'health reasons' for his long visits to the loo. He filed for arbitration and demanded his job back but the court sided with the employer.

RBI launches '100 Days 100 Pays' to return unclaimed deposits.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday launched '100 Days 100 Pays' campaign to trace and settle the top 100 unclaimed deposits of every bank in every district within 100 days. This move comes amid the RBI's ongoing efforts to reduce the quantum of unclaimed deposits in the banking system and return such deposits to their rightful owners/claimants.

I'd never do films that degrades women, empowers patriarchy: Shah.
Naseeruddin Shah spoke about how actors shouldn't participate in films that go against their beliefs. "If there's a film which talks about women's degradation or a film which is emboldening the patriarchal society, I'd never be a part of it," he shared. Shah added that it is important for actors to voice their opinions but they're scared to do so.

I'd do Punjabi songs if I want to, not B'wood songs: Sonam Bajwa.
Sonam Bajwa said she's "pretty sure" that she doesn't want to feature in Bollywood songs anymore. "Punjab has best singers. If I want to do songs, I'd do there instead," she shared. Sonam added that as an actress, it's her dream to reach wider audience, which is why she's open to work in any industry if the script is good.

DMK would've shamed wrestlers if Bhushan was Tamilian: Chinmayi.
Singer Chinmayi Sripada praised Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) for supporting wrestlers but also said that they would've shamed wrestlers and supported Brij Bhushan if he was Tamilian. "I wonder if...political [parties have]...right to take...moral high ground because they...seem to be making points against each other...while they...continue to shield...sex-offender in their...circle," she said.

Learning from parents is you cannot always be the best: Sudharsan.
GT batter Sai Sudharsan, who top-scored in IPL 2023 final with 96(47), said the main thing he's learned from his parents is that you "don't always" get to be the best. "They taught me a lot about the...mindset you should have," added Sudharsan. "I'd...[make him] watch videos of Kohli, especially the sacrifices he made," Sudharsan's mother Usha had earlier stated.

Smith's thumbs ups on facing good balls in India excessive: Border.
Ex-Australia captain Allan Border said Australian batter Steve Smith gave a "thumbs up" every time he faced a good ball during Australia's recent Test series against India where the latter won 1-2, terming it as "excessive". "That was...over the top. You're in a contest out there. I'd be playing with a harder edge. We play...hard but fair cricket," added Border.

Italian Senator reads speech drafted by GPT-4 to stir AI debate.
Italian Senator Marco Lombardo read out a speech drafted by OpenAI's GPT-4 chatbot in Parliament. He said he did so to stir "a serious debate" on risks and opportunities posed by artificial intelligence. "How many of us today are able to distinguish between a text produced by human intelligence and a stream of thoughts...produced by an AI algorithm?" he asked.

Kejriwal meets TN CM, seeks support against Centre's ordinance.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal and Punjab CM Bhagwant Mann met Tamil Nadu CM MK Stalin in Chennai and sought DMK's support against the Centre's ordinance on the Delhi services matter. "Arvind Kejriwal is a good friend...[PM Narendra] Modi-led BJP government is pressuring Delhi UT and AAP government...by using Lt Governor," Stalin said. DMK will strongly oppose the ordinance, he added.

Entire world knows Rahul Gandhi as a 'clown': Giriraj Singh.
Union Minister Giriraj Singh on Thursday said the entire world knows Congress leader Rahul Gandhi as a "clown". "Rahul Gandhi himself is clueless about what he speaks," Singh said. This comes after Rahul Gandhi during his recent US visit said there are people in India who think they know more than God and PM Modi is "one such specimen".

NASA's retired Kepler spotted exoplanet trio in its final days.
Researchers have discovered three exoplanets, possibly some of the last ones observed by NASA's retired Kepler space telescope. These planets, similar in size to Earth and Neptune, have tight orbits around their stars. The discovery highlights Kepler's impressive planet-hunting capabilities even in its last days, according to Elyse Incha, a senior at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

China asks US to stop its trade deal with Taiwan.
The Chinese government has criticised the US for its trade deal with Taiwan and asked them to stop it. "The United States should stop any form of official exchanges with Taiwan...refrain from sending wrong signals to the 'Taiwan independence' secessionist forces," said a ministry spokesperson. China also accused the US of violating agreements on the status of Taiwan.

Bangladesh bans first-class travel for govt employees: Reports.
Bangladesh has banned first-class travel for all government employees until further notice, reports stated. PM Sheikh Hasina signed the directive as part of efforts to address the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic and global economic crisis. The move follows a ban on foreign travel for public employees imposed last November as part of the government's efforts to rationalise expenses.

JPMorgan to shut 21 branches of First Republic Bank by 2023 end.
JPMorgan Chase has said it will shut 21 branches of First Republic Bank by the end of the year. The locations account for about a quarter of First Republic's 84 branches across eight US states. "These locations have relatively low transaction volumes and are generally within a short drive from another First Republic office," a JPMorgan Chase spokesperson said.

Video shows moment missile narrowly misses cars in Ukraine.
A dashboard camera captured the moment when a part of a missile fell next to cars driving on a road in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv. In the video, the falling missile parts appeared to hit a line carrying traffic lights, narrowly missing cars. The incident took place as Russia launched its 16th attack on Ukraine's capital on Monday.

What is HMPV, the virus that's spreading in US and what are its symptoms?.
The US CDC has warned that cases of human metapneumovirus, or HMPV, have spiked, CNN reported. HMPV can cause upper and lower respiratory disease in people of all ages, especially among young children, older adults, and people with weakened immune systems. Symptoms include cough, fever, nasal congestion and shortness of breath. Clinical symptoms may progress to bronchitis or pneumonia.

MS Dhoni undergoes keyhole knee surgery in Mumbai.
CSK captain MS Dhoni underwent a successful keyhole knee surgery at the Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital on Thursday. Dhoni would be discharged from the hospital in a couple of days. As per a report, the surgery was conducted by Dr Dinshaw Pardiwala, who had previously operated on Rishabh Pant following his car accident.

Ballon d'Or winner Benzema to leave Real Madrid after 14 years to join Saudi club: Reports.
Ballon d'Or winner Karim Benzema will leave Real Madrid when his contract expires this month to join Saudi Arabian club Al Ittihad, reports said. The 35-year-old has spent 14 seasons with Real Madrid and is the club's second-highest goalscorer. Benzema was reportedly offered a two-year contract worth €400 million (₹3,500 crore) to move to Saudi in January.

CSK players recreate viral Instagram Reel after Jadeja brings IPL 2023 trophy, video viral.
CSK players recreated a viral Instagram Reel to celebrate with IPL 2023 trophy, with a video going viral on social media. In the video, Jadeja can be seen bringing the trophy after which players can be seen posing with the trophy. The viral Reel had the 'All Eyez On Me (Dj Belite Remix) [feat Big Syke]' song in the background.

Apple's India stores pay ₹40 lakh rent, record ₹25 crore monthly sales: Report.
Apple's first two stores in India have grossed monthly sales of around ₹22-₹25 crore each, The Economic Times reported. Citing industry experts, it added that the sales figures are more than twice the profits garnered by an electronics store during non-festive seasons. Apple is said to be spending ₹40-₹42 lakh on rent for its Delhi and Mumbai outlets.

I feel lost about my life's work: 'Godfather of AI' Yoshua Bengio.
One of the three 'Godfathers of AI' Professor Yoshua Bengio has joined the call for Artificial Intelligence (AI) regulation. Bengio told BBC, he felt "lost" over his life's work, adding he feared the misuse of the technology in military hands. He voiced his concern over the speed at which the technology is being developed without proper regulation in place.

World’s 1st 3D-printed temple to come up in Telangana.
The world's first 3D-printed Hindu temple is being built in Telangana and will be built in an area of 3,800 square feet by Hyderabad-based construction company Apsuja Infratech and Simpliforge Creations. "The three sanctums, or garbhas, within the structure represent a 'modak', dedicated to Lord Ganesha," said Hari Krishna Jeedipalli, MD, Apsuja Infratech.

Drunk doctor collapses moments before planned surgeries in K'taka hospital.
A drunk doctor collapsed in an operation theatre before he was scheduled to perform several surgeries at a hospital in Karnataka's Chikkamagaluru. Nine female patients were admitted to the hospital for sterilisation surgery. The family members of the patients have demanded stringent disciplinary action against the doctor.

Civil Aviation is deregulated sector: Scindia on surging airfares.
Civil Aviation Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia said Civil Aviation is a deregulated sector. He was responding to a question on skyrocketing airfares in low-cost airlines. He talked about the two dynamics of the sector, that is this is a seasonal industry and so there are crests and troughs from a demand point of view. He also talked about Go First's bankruptcy.

You married India's massiest heroine, Katrina: Varun to Vicky.
In a video, which has surfaced on the internet, Vicky Kaushal is seen asking Varun Dhawan to teach him how to be a massy hero. In response, Varun joked, "You've married the massiest heroine, who's name is Katrina Kaif. I've learnt from her." Varun also urged the audience to buy tickets and watch Vicky-starrer 'Zara Hatke Zara Bachke' in theatres.

Never: Rajesh Khattar on asking Ishaan & Shahid to help for work.
Rajesh Khattar was asked if he has ever requested Shahid Kapoor or Ishaan Khatter to introduce him to filmmakers for work. "No, never," Khattar replied and revealed that he was once offered to star in an international project with Ishaan but the project didn't materialise. "We're destined to work on something better," Khattar said about working with Ishaan.

I touched my belly & media said I'm pregnant, was shocked: Tanna.
Karishma Tanna was asked about the "weirdest scoop" she read about herself. She replied, "That I'm pregnant. I was...outside a restaurant...I just touched my belly because I had eaten a lot. Media was like, 'I think she's pregnant because she's rubbing her belly'...I was shocked," Tanna recalled. The actress, who'll be seen in Hansal Mehta's 'Scoop', got married in 2022.

No one will offer me work after this: Shahid on ₹40 cr fee claims.
Shahid Kapoor, while addressing the claims that he charges ₹40 crore for every film, spoke about how the figure was mentioned by someone "in a jest, without a thought" but "got picked by everyone". "No one will offer me work after this news," he joked. Shahid added that he "wouldn't act for money" as he's too passionate about it.

Those who played IPL 2023 may enjoy advantage: Hayden on WTC final.
Former Australia opener Matthew Hayden said those players who recently participated in IPL 2023 may enjoy a slight advantage in the upcoming World Test Championship (WTC) final between India and Australia. "The level is so extreme in high performance at IPL level...The mix of playing high performance cricket at IPL...[with] specific venue training is excellent preparation," added Hayden.

India’s Kiran beats player ranked 33 spots higher at Thailand Open.
Indian badminton player Kiran George, who's ranked 59th in world rankings, entered the quarterfinals at BWF World Tour Super 500 event for first time following a triumph against China's Weng Yang, who's ranked 26th, in Thailand Open. George defeated Yang 21-11, 21-19 in 39 minutes. George had earlier defeated China's Shi Yuqi, who's ranked ninth, in round of 32 stage.

Video shows Manchester Utd's journey to their 21st FA Cup final.
Manchester United will face arch-rivals Manchester City in the upcoming FA Cup final which will mark the former's 21st final in the tournament. FA Cup's YouTube channel has shared a video which shows Manchester United's journey in the tournament so far this season. United and City will face each other in an FA Cup final for the first time ever.

Wrestlers changing their demands, language constantly: WFI chief.
WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh, who has been accused of sexually harassing wrestlers, on Thursday said that the wrestlers are constantly changing their demands and their language. He added if any case against him is proven, he will hang himself. Singh had earlier said he won't be hanged because of wrestlers immersing their medals into the Ganga.

Zuckerberg introduces Meta's VR headset Quest 3 starting at $500.
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg took to Instagram to introduce the firm's new VR headset 'Quest 3'. The headset, priced at a starting rate of $499.99, is Meta's most powerful headset yet, Zuckerberg wrote. It is 40% thinner and more comfortable than its predecessor and has a "next-gen" Qualcomm chipset and offers twice the graphics performance of Quest 2, he claimed.

Rahul was meeting Chinese when they tried infiltrating India: BJP.
BJP leader Anurag Thakur has said that Congress' Rahul Gandhi was secretly meeting Chinese officials and was eating meals with them when they tried infiltrating India's borders. Criticising Gandhi for his comments about BJP and PM Narendra Modi in the US, Thakur had earlier said that he couldn't digest it when Australian PM Anthony Albanese called PM Modi "the boss".

Will attend Opposition meeting in Patna: Congress' Jairam Ramesh.
Congress leader Jairam Ramesh on Thursday said his party will attend the Opposition meeting in Patna on June 12. "Who will attend has to be decided. I'm sure Congress president (Mallikarjun Kharge) and other leaders will decide," Ramesh said. 'Like-minded' political parties, those that don't support the BJP, will be participating in the meeting.

Attempt to turn TN into desert: AIADMK's EPS on Mekedatu project.
Reacting to the proposal of construction of the 'Mekedatu Dam project', AIADMK General Secretary Edappadi Palaniswami on Thursday called it an attempt to transform Tamil Nadu into a desert. "AIADMK will protest in all ways against this," he said. "AIADMK has always...opposed such issues whether it is Cauvery water dispute or...Mekedatu issue, whereas DMK is just sitting," he added.

First evidence of a rare Higgs boson decay seen: Study.
Researchers have found the first evidence of the rare process in which the Higgs boson decays into a Z boson and a photon, The European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) announced. As CERN explained, the Z boson is the electrically neutral carrier of the weak force and the photon is the carrier of the electromagnetic force.

Dalit man attacked for wearing 'good clothes', sunglasses in Guj.
A Dalit man was beaten by a group of upper caste persons for allegedly wearing 'good clothes' and sunglasses in Gujarat, police said on Thursday. One of the seven accused allegedly abused and threatened the victim, saying he was "flying too high these days". The accused also attacked the victim's mother and tore her clothes, police said.

16 kids injured as walkway collapses during trip to fort in Canada.
Sixteen schoolchildren and one adult were hospitalised as they fell from around six-metre height after a walkway collapsed at Fort Gibraltar on Wednesday. All the children, aged between 10 and 11 years, were on a school trip to the fort. Their injuries also included broken bones. Built in 1810, Fort Gibraltar is located in the Canadian province of Manitoba.

Delhi HC directs SpiceJet to pay ₹380 cr to Sun Group founder.
The Delhi High Court has directed SpiceJet to pay ₹380 crore to the Founder of Sun Group Kalanithi Maran, a former promoter of the airline, Moneycontrol reported citing the order. SpiceJet is yet to pay ₹75 crore to Maran as per Supreme Court's directions dated February 13, 2023. The SC had directed SpiceJet to make the payment within three months.

CM Bhagwant Mann declines Centre's Z-plus security in Punjab & Delhi.
Punjab CM Bhagwant Mann has refused to accept the Z-plus security given to him by the Centre while he is in Punjab and Delhi. An official said he has confidence in the Punjab Police and will need Z-plus security in other states. The Centre last week accorded security cover to Mann in the wake of possible threats to him.

Singer Nisha Upadhyay suffers bullet injury at live event in Bihar, video surfaces.
Bhojpuri singer Nisha Upadhyay suffered a bullet injury at a live cultural programme in Patna. Nisha sustained injury on her left thigh, as per reports. The singer was immediately rushed to hospital, and her condition is stable now. Police is investigating how the gunshots were fired and who was involved in the firing.

I got trolled for going on vacations, people said 'he's spending Salman's money': Aayush.
Aayush Sharma, who is married to Salman Khan's sister Arpita, revealed he was accused of 'marrying Arpita for money'. "I would get trolled even when I went on vacations, as people would say, 'He's blowing up Salman Khan's money'," said Aayush. Reacting to reports that Salman gifted him a Rolls-Royce, Sharma said, "I'm still wondering where that Rolls-Royce is."

Lionel Messi to play his last-ever match for PSG on Saturday.
Seven-time Ballon d'Or Lionel Messi will leave PSG at the end of the season, head coach Christophe Galtier has confirmed. PSG's Ligue 1 match against Clermont Foot on Saturday will be his last-ever match for the club. Messi had joined PSG in 2021 after his 21-year association with Barcelona ended due to the Spanish club's financial issues.

Foxconn to make iPhones in Karnataka by April 2024, create 50,000 jobs.
Apple supplier Foxconn will start manufacturing iPhones in Karnataka by April 2024, the state government said. The land for the factory would be handed over to Foxconn by July 1 and the project valued at $1.59 billion is expected to create around 50,000 jobs, it added. Foxconn will manufacture iPhones at the plant in Devanahalli, on the outskirts of Bengaluru.

Congress launches book on 100 questions asked to PM on Adani issue.
Congress on Thursday released a book related to the 100 questions the party has asked PM Narendra Modi since February over his alleged involvement with businessman Gautam Adani. Congress' Jairam Ramesh said that the party will ask for a JPC probe into the issue when the Monsoon Session will be conducted in the new Parliament.

Humans have crossed 7 of 8 boundaries for a safe planet: Scientists.
Humans have violated seven out of eight major Earth systems like water availability and ecosystem maintenance, a new study said. Global scientists introduced the concept of "planetary boundaries" 15 years ago to identify major Earth systems at risk of instability. "We've reached a saturation point where we hit the ceiling of the biophysical capacity of the Earth," scientists said.

Rakesh Tikait threatens to block Delhi borders in support of protesting wrestlers.
Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) spokesperson Rakesh Tikait has said that Delhi borders will be blocked on June 5 if the government does not meet protesting wrestlers' demands. He added that khap panchayats of Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan will take a decisive call on the matter, including cutting off milk and vegetable supplies to Delhi and NCR.

India was fastest-growing major economy over the last fiscal: Govt.
India was the fastest-growing major economy over the last fiscal and in the quarter ending March 2023, the Ministry of Finance said. India saw a renewed surge in the manufacturing sector and the investment rate reached an all-time high in the last quarter of 2022-23, it added. To note, India posted a GDP growth of 6.1% in the January-March period.

Handling it very sensitively: Sports Minister on wrestlers protest.
Sports Minister Anurag Thakur, while commenting on wrestlers' allegations against WFI chief Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh, said, "We're handling this issue very sensitively." "Whatever the players demanded, we're doing all those things. Necessary action will be also taken once Delhi police file the chargesheet," he added. Thakur said the law is equal for everyone and all the players are important.

Charu, Rajeev's final divorce hearing to be held on June 8: Report.
TV actress Charu Asopa and her estranged husband Rajeev Sen will have the final hearing for their divorce on June 8, ETimes reported. The report added that Charu and Rajeev's divorce proceedings are going on since January. The couple got married in June 2019 and has a daughter Ziana, who was born in November 2021.

Reporter asks Siddharth about 'unsuccessful' love life, he reacts.
A video of actor Siddharth is going viral on social media in which a reporter is seen asking the actor if he's ever introspected on why he's been unsuccessful in love in real life. Siddharth replied, "I've personally never thought about this...not even in...dreams...But since you're really concerned about my love life, [we] can talk about it in private."

Nehra messaged at 2 am, said 'You're in lineup': Mohit on IPL 2023.
GT pacer Mohit Sharma said he once received a message at 2 am from GT head coach Ashish Nehra where he was informed that he'd been picked in GT's lineup for an IPL 2023 match. "I was like, 'Okay'. I knew that Nehra would send messages around this time," added Mohit. He was the second highest wicket-taker in IPL 2023.

Want a 'clear' decision in July: Zelenskyy on NATO membership.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Kyiv wants a "clear" decision on its future in the NATO military alliance when the bloc's leaders meet for summit in July. At a summit of over 40 European leaders in Moldova, Zelenskyy also said he wanted progress on Ukraine's path to the European Union, which Kyiv applied to join last year following the war.

Google leads $36 mn funding in US, B'luru-based startup Pixxel.
Google has led a $36 million funding round in California and Bengaluru-based space startup Pixxel. The round also saw participation from Pixxel's investors such as Radical Ventures, Lightspeed, Blume Ventures, GrowX, Sparta and Athera. Pixxel has now reportedly raised $71 million to-date. Pixxel did not specify how much Google invested in the round or the valuation it reflected.

SpaceX capsule captured re-entering atmosphere after ISS mission.
Onlookers in Alabama have captured the Ax-2 astronauts re-entering the atmosphere as the SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule carrying them parachuted into the Gulf of Mexico off the Florida coast after a 12-hour return flight. Some onlookers reported hearing a "boom" sound as the capsule streaked across the night sky. It landed on Earth on Tuesday after a 10-day ISS mission.

Gmail prevents users from 100 mn phishing attacks daily: Google.
Google India Vice President of Trust and Safety Saikat Mitra has said that every day Gmail prevents 100 million phishing attacks from reaching users. He added the service also prevents 99.99% of spam emails from reaching users. He noted that India is on a fascinating growth journey and that it has 700 million internet users.

Mike Pence, Chris Christie to face Trump in 2024 US President race.
Former Vice President Mike Pence and former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie will announce their 2024 presidential bids next week, challenging Donald Trump. Pence incurred Trump's wrath by refusing to support his effort to overturn the 2020 election results, while Christie has been a vocal critic of Trump's post-election behaviour. North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum would also enter the race.

Condition of BJP will be worse in Raj compared to K'taka: Congress.
Congress leader and Rajasthan minister Pratap Singh Khachariyawas said that the condition of BJP will be worse in Rajasthan in comparison to what happened in Karnataka. "BJP will vanish from Rajasthan," Khachariyawas said. "PM Narendra Modi came here (to Rajasthan) yesterday. However, he kept abusing the Congress and talked nothing about the BJP's achievements," he added.

Aaftab used to beat her occasionally: Shraddha Walkar's brother.
Shraddha Walkar's brother Shreejay Walkar on Thursday told Delhi's Saket court that Aaftab would beat her up occasionally. Shreejay said two weeks after she left her home, Shraddha told him that she and Aaftab were fighting a lot, verbally and physically. Aaftab is accused of strangulating his live-in partner Shraddha in 2022 and chopping her body into 35 pieces.

Jalandhar Bishop Franco Mulakkal, accused in 2018 rape case, quits.
Bishop Franco Mulakkal, who was accused of rape in 2018, has resigned as Bishop of Jalandhar. Pope Francis accepted the resignation submitted by Mulakkal. In September 2018, Mulakkal was temporarily relieved of his responsibilities of the diocese by Pope Francis after he was questioned by the Kerala Police over rape charges levelled by a nun.

Cognisance should be taken: BJP MP amid wrestlers' protest.
Amid the protest by wrestlers demanding the arrest of BJP MP Brij Bhushan Singh over sexual harassment allegations, BJP MP Pritam Munde said cognisance should be taken of a complaint made by any woman. "If cognisance isn't taken, then it isn't welcomed in democracy," she said. "I, not as...member of Parliament, but as a woman say this," she added.

Imran Khan's bail extended by 3 days to June 19 in corruption case.
Former Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan's bail in Al-Qadir Trust corruption case has been extended by three days until June 19. The Islamabad High Court directed him to approach the relevant accountability court within three working days. The Al-Qadir Trust case alleges that Khan and his wife Bushra Bibi obtained billions of rupees and land from a real estate firm.

Anti-gay law passed, no one can move us now: Uganda President.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni defied international calls to revoke an anti-gay law seen as one of the world's harshest. Museveni said, "Signing of the bill is finished, no one will move us [now]." The law states that a person can be sentenced to death if they engage in "aggravated homosexuality". The US said it's considering imposing sanctions on Uganda.

Egyptian woman kills 5-yr-old son, cooks part of his head and eats.
A 29-year-old woman in Egypt allegedly hacked her five-year-old son to death with a machete, cooked part of his head, and ate it. She then dismembered his body but was apprehended before she could bury the parts. Investigation indicates she committed the crime to prevent her ex-husband and his family from having visitation rights or any contact with the child.

India will be a $7 trillion economy by 2030: IDFC FIRST CEO.
IDFC FIRST Bank CEO V Vaidyanathan has said India will be a $7 trillion economy by 2030. He added India's per capita GDP in 2000 was $442 and will be $4,700 in 2030. He highlighted that around 1960 India's per capita income was at par with that of countries like Taiwan, however, by 1990 their per capita income hit $6,500.

GST collection rises by 12% YoY to ₹1.57 lakh crore in May.
GST collection in May 2023 rose by 12% to ₹1,57,090 crore year-on-year, Finance Ministry said. Of the total GST in May, CGST stood at ₹28,411 crore, SGST at ₹35,828 crore and IGST at ₹81,363 crore (including ₹41,772 crore collected on import of goods). With this, the monthly GST revenue stood at over ₹1.4 lakh crore for the 14th consecutive month.

Govt holiday in Bhopal on Gaurav Diwas on June 1 from 2024: MP CM.
Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Thursday announced a government holiday in Bhopal on June 1 from next year on the occasion of the Bhopal Gaurav Diwas. CM Chouhan extended his greetings to the people on the occasion. He said, "I pay tribute to all the freedom fighters and [those] who were martyred in Boras in Raisen district."

'That '70s Show' actor Danny Masterson found guilty of raping 2 women.
Actor Danny Masterson, known for his role in the sitcom 'That '70s Show', has been found guilty of raping two women at his Hollywood Hills home. The jury couldn't reach a verdict on rape accusations levelled against Masterson by a third woman, who was his longtime girlfriend. The 47-year-old could be jailed for a minimum of 30 years.

Naseeruddin Shah criticises 'The Kerala Story', compares it to Nazi Germany.
Actor Naseeruddin Shah said he has no intention of watching 'The Kerala Story'. The veteran actor called it a "dangerous trend" and also compared this trend to Nazi Germany. "We seem to be heading the way of Nazi Germany where in Hitler's time, the filmmakers were co-opted, attempted to be co-opted, by the supreme leader," he told India Today.

Man wins ₹50 lakh over 14-year-old bet that friend's son would play cricket for England.
Tim Piper, who runs Cricketers Arm pub in UK, won £50,000 (over ₹50 lakh) after placing a bet 14 years ago that his friend's son Josh Tongue would play cricket for England. Tongue made his debut for England aged 25 in Test against Ireland today. "I thought it'd be silly not to bet £100 on him at 500/1," Piper said.

Who are now the world's 10 richest people as Musk reclaims top spot?.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk reclaimed the title of the world's richest person with $192 billion in wealth. LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault is the world's second-richest person with $187 billion in wealth. Amazon Founder Jeff Bezos ($144 billion) is the third-richest, followed by Bill Gates ($125 billion), Larry Ellison, Steve Ballmer, Warren Buffett, and Google Co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin.

TIME's new cover on AI says 'End of Humanity'; people react.
TIME magazine has unveiled a new cover on Artificial Intelligence (AI) titled, "The End of Humanity: How Real is the Risk?" Several Twitter users reacted to the cover by calling it "fake news", while one tweeted, "This isn't only widely inaccurate but dangerous." A user also tweeted, "Let's slow down, figure out the safety issues and then carry on."

Musk didn't tweet for 60 hrs for 1st time in 1 year while in China.
Billionaire Elon Musk didn't tweet even once for over 60 hours between May 30 and June 1, marking the longest time that Musk has gone without tweeting since June 2022, Bloomberg reported. This may be due to Musk's visit to China, where Twitter is banned along with multiple other applications. Musk has reportedly tweeted every day in 2023.

Pimpri civic body deposits ₹25 lakh in accounts of students twice.
The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation deposited a total amount of ₹25 lakh in the accounts of meritorious students twice. Every year, PCMC deposits ₹10,000 each in accounts of Class 10, 12 students of private schools under SSC board who score over 80% marks. Those scoring over 90% get ₹15,000. Deputy Commissioner Ajay Charthankar said the process to recover money is underway.

World Meteorological Organisation gets Celeste Saulo as its 1st female Secretary-General.
Argentine meteorologist Celeste Saulo has been elected as the first female Secretary-General of UN's World Meteorological Organisation (WMO). Saulo has served as the director of Argentina's National Meteorological Service since 2014. An experienced academic and researcher, Saulo succeeds Petteri Taalas, who will step down after two terms at the WMO.

Piloo, I and our son have gone through pain: Ashish Vidyarthi.
Ashish Vidyarthi, in an interview, said that his first wife Rajoshi Barua (Piloo), son Arth and he went through pain because of the separation. "Parting has got pain. It is very difficult," he added. "Piloo and I are walking on with wonderful memories of an amazing marriage," Vidyarthi said. Last week, he got married to entrepreneur Rupali Barua.

I find it immature: Naseeruddin on actors having entourages.
Naseeruddin Shah expressed that he doesn't think of himself as a star and "don't see...need to have people hanging around" him. On entourages around actors, Shah shared that he finds that behaviour "rather immature". "[The entourage will] be like the 'shahenshah' (king) arriving, 'hoshiyar' (beware)," Shah said as he spoke about how stars like to make statements when they arrive.

Shahid has not yet met my 4-yr-old son: Stepfather Rajesh Khattar.
Actor Shahid Kapoor's stepfather Rajesh Khattar has revealed that Kapoor has not met the latter's almost four-year-old son Yuvaan. "This aspect of it, the kids will have to work it out. You can't complicate it for them...We should try and simplify it as much as possible for them...They will find their equation if...they want to," he added.

Tobey Maguire best Spider-Man for me, end of debate: Shubman Gill.
Indian cricketer Shubman Gill, in an interview, revealed that he considers actor Tobey Maguire to be the best Spider-Man. "If somebody asks me who's Spider-Man, Tobey Maguire is the Spider-Man for me. End of debate. Not even half a per cent of doubt," he said. Gill described a scene between Green Goblin and Spider-Man from the first movie as "insane".

I'm obsessed with him: Shubman Gill on being voice of Spider-Man.
While speaking about being the voice of Spider-Man in 'Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse', cricketer Shubman Gill said that he feels very connected to the superhero and is obsessed with him. "Spider-Man [movie] was the first superhero movie that I ever watched as a kid...it always had a special space in my heart," he added.

Wife cried, she thought I won't be picked in auction: GT's Jayant.
Talking about him being signed by GT in IPL 2022 auction, GT all-rounder Jayant Yadav said, "Initially, no one made a bid. I was like, 'Gazab Bezzati (Great insult)'." "I eventually got picked by GT...My wife Disha [said] after the auction that she'd cried having thought I won't get picked. I was like, 'I had that same reaction'," he added.

Kiwis play goody two shoes, Australia play hard cricket: Border.
Former Australia captain Allan Border has asked the national cricket team to play more aggressive and hard cricket and not play "goody two shoes" like New Zealand. "You are in a contest out there. I'd be playing with...harder edge," Border stated. He added that Australia play hard but fair cricket. Australia will play Ashes against England from June 16.

Put yourself on the line to lose WTC Final to win it: Ponting.
Talking about the WTC final which will be played between India and Australia, former Australia captain Ricky Ponting said the cricket world deserves a match with a result. "Even if it means that you put yourself and the team on the line to potentially lose a game in order to win the game, then do it," he added.

US' NSA penetrated thousands of iPhones in spy plot: Russia's FSB.
Russia's Federal Security Service has claimed it uncovered a spy plot of the US National Security Agency under which it penetrated thousands of iPhones, including those of domestic Russian subscribers. The NSA allegedly used previously unknown malware to penetrate specially made backdoor vulnerabilities in iPhones. The agency also targeted the telephones of foreign diplomats based in Russia.

Secure software needed more than security software: Google exec.
Google India Vice President of Trust and Safety Saikat Mitra said we need software that's secure by itself more than security software. "Even if products are secured, we've seen Indians fall victim to social engineering attempts that...increase scams," Mitra said. "Our products are built secure by default, private by design and we put users in control of data," he added.

Foxconn looks to start iPhone production in Karnataka by Apr 2024.
Foxconn, Apple iPhone parts' biggest supplier, is looking to start production at Devanahalli unit in Karnataka by April 1, 2024. The state government plans to hand over the entire land by July 1, Karnataka's Large and Medium Industries Minister MB Patil said. Foxconn plans to complete the facility's construction in three phases and manufacture 20 million mobile phones per year.

Pressure of PM's rally made Gehlot announce free electricity: BJP.
Reacting to Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot's 100 units free electricity announcement, Union Minister Gajendra Singh Shekhawat said that Gehlot made the announcement as he felt the pressure after PM Narendra Modi did a rally in the state. "Did he suddenly have 'Brahma Gyan' at night? He admitted that he had this idea after the Mehengai Rahat Shivir," Shekhawat added.

INC wants to see billion people starve while sipping wine: BJP.
BJP's Amit Malviya has criticised Congress' Rahul Gandhi and Raghuram Rajan for a conversation in which the latter said India would be lucky to witness 5% GDP growth in 2023. Malviya said India witnessed a 7.2% economic growth, adding, "Congress apologists are like 'filth seeking flies'." They want to see a billion people starve while drinking "exquisite wine", he said.

Sniffer dogs Sony, Rocky, Romeo of CISF's Delhi Metro unit retire.
Three explosive-detecting CISF dogs of the Delhi Metro unit retired on Wednesday. Female German Shepherd Sony, male Golden Retriever Rocky and Romeo, a male Cocker Spaniel, served the unit for around eight years. "Throughout these eight years, these dogs became more than friends for handlers," an officer said.

Delhi court extends Sahil's police custody for 3 days.
After hearing the submissions of Delhi Police on Thursday, Delhi's Rohini Court extended the police custody of 20-year-old Sahil, the accused in 16-year-old girl's murder in Shahbad Dairy area, for the next three days. He was produced at the residence of the judge due to security reasons after the expiry of two days of his police custody on Thursday.

BMC to renovate 2 watchtowers in Arabian Sea built in 1991.
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is planning to revamp the two watchtowers in the Arabian Sea, which were erected in 1991 to guide fishermen, marine vessels and sailors. The two towers are known as "Dolphin Towers". The renovation will include the installation of rust-resistant ladders and railings in the tower and its painting to ensure the body remains corrosion free.

Oklahoma top court rules new abortion laws as unconstitutional.
Oklahoma Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled that the two new laws passed last year that ban most abortions are unconstitutional. The ruling, however, doesn't affect the 1910 law, which still prohibits most abortions unless they are necessary to save the mother's life. The order was passed by a bench of 9 justices, with six of them terming the laws unconstitutional.

Mining giant BHP admits underpaying $280 mn to workers for 13 yrs.
Australian mining giant BHP said it has underpaid current and former workers across the country for 13 years. An internal review conducted by the company revealed that around 28,500 employees received less holidays than they were entitled to. BHP said it has reported the incident to the authorities and the errors will cost the company nearly $280 million before taxes.

Deepika, Ranbir reunite to celebrate 10 yrs of Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani; actress shares pics.
Deepika Padukone and Ranbir Kapoor reunited for 10th anniversary party of 'Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani'. They joined Kalki Koechlin, Aditya Roy Kapur, Ayan Mukerji and Karan Johar, among others, to celebrate 10 years of the film. Using a line from the film, Deepika wrote, "Memories are like...a box of sweets. Once you open it, you cannot stop at one-Naina Talwar."

England cricket team's bus held up by Just Stop Oil protest in London, pic surfaces.
England cricket team's bus' arrival at Lord’s for Test against Ireland was delayed due to Just Stop Oil protest. England wicketkeeper-batter Jonny Bairstow posted picture on his Instagram Stories with caption, "If we’re a bit late...it’s not our fault." "[England cricket team] might know a bit about...batting collapse, but the climate crisis is no one-day international," Just Stop Oil tweeted.

Who is K Krithivasan, IITian taking over as TCS CEO from today?.
K Krithivasan, who was serving as Global Head of the BFSI business of TCS, will take over as TCS CEO from Thursday. Krithivasan did his Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Madras and Master's in Industrial and Management Engineering from IIT Kanpur. He's been part of the technology sector for over 34 years and joined TCS in 1989.

Delhi HC refuses to stay probe against Ashneer, wife in ₹81-cr case.
The Delhi High Court on Thursday refused to stay an investigation against BharatPe Co-founder Ashneer Grover and his wife Madhuri Jain Grover in an alleged ₹81-crore fraud case based on BharatPe's complaint. It also declined to direct the investigating officer to give advance notice to the couple for wanting their custody. It asked them to file an anticipatory bail instead.

Guard wears sister's nightdress to loot Hyd phone shop of ₹8 lakh.
The Hyderabad Police on Wednesday arrested a security guard, who allegedly disguised himself as a woman, and robbed a phone store of tablets and phones worth around ₹8.28 lakh, officials said. The accused, who was aware of the store's security measures, wore his sister's nightdress to mislead the police, officials added.

Preserve CCTV clip of police 'misbehaviour' with Sisodia: Court.
After AAP leader Manish Sisodia's legal team accused security personnel of misbehaving with him, a Delhi court has ordered to preserve a CCTV camera clip of the incident. The incident was reported on May 23 when AAP alleged that a policeman pulled Sisodia by his neck. Delhi Police also sought permission to produce Sisodia to the court only via video-conferencing.

Karni Sena member found dead with bullet wounds in his car in MP.
A Shri Rajput Karni Sena member, Mohit Patel, was found dead with bullet wounds in his car in Madhya Pradesh's Indore. A licenced revolver was found in his car with two bullets less in the magazine. It appeared that the bullets were pumped into his chest from point-blank range, police said, adding they are probing if it was a suicide.

India's Russian oil import in May over 15% more than April: Report.
India's import of Russian oil continued to rise in May to 19.6 lakh barrels/day (bpd), over 15% higher than the 16.8 lakh bpd India imported from Russia in April, according to Vortexa's data. Oil import from Saudi Arabia slipped to lowest level since February 2021 to 5.7 lakh bpd. This gives Russia 38.6% market share of India's total oil imports.

Romanced Rajkummar in Badhaai Do, bashing him in 'Guns..': Devaiah.
Actor Gulshan Devaiah said he was romancing actor Rajkummar Rao in the movie 'Badhaai Do' while they are bashing each other in 'Guns & Gulaabs'. While talking about working with Raj and DK, he said, "It was excellent...They gave me a lot of freedom...I felt so empowered...Raj and DK have a whacky and crazy sense of humour."

To my guiding light, I miss you always: Sanjay Dutt on late mom.
Actor Sanjay Dutt took to social media to share a black-and-white picture of his late mother Nargis Dutt on her birth anniversary. "To my guiding light, happy birthday, mom. I love you and miss you always," Dutt wrote. In the picture, Nargis can be seen posing as if she is waving to someone.

Gave horrible answers to dodge questions about SRK's Jawan: Sanya.
Sanya Malhotra recalled how she'd give "horrible" answers when asked about Shah Rukh Khan's 'Jawan' before the makers officially announced her as a part of the film. "Finally, I'm able to tell people," Sanya shared in an interview and added that the official announcement was made right before 'Kathal' released. She informed that the shooting of 'Jawan' has been wrapped.

I’d say it again but I don’t need to: Djokovic on Kosovo remark.
Talking about him writing, 'Kosovo is the heart of Serbia. Stop the violence', on a camera lens following his first-round win in French Open, Novak Djokovic said, "I would say it again." "[However], I don't need to because you have my quotes...Of course I'm aware that a lot of people would disagree but it is what it is," added Djokovic.

Conway caught 'Kane Williamson bug' of being a learner: Bracewell.
Former New Zealand spinner John Bracewell has said that Devon Conway has caught the "Kane Williamson bug" of being a learner. "I think he has been an absolute magician in terms of his adaptability to all three formats, his skillset and his (growth)," Bracewell stated. Conway has played 16 Tests and 18 ODIs so far.

Centre handling issue of protesting wrestlers sensitively: Thakur.
Union Sports Minister Anurag Thakur on Thursday said that the Centre was sensitively handling the issue of protesting wrestlers, who are seeking the arrest of outgoing WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh over sexual harassment allegations. Thakur told the media that the government has accepted the wrestlers' demand for a committee to probe their allegations and an investigation was underway.

Perfectly safe: Nvidia CEO Huang on relying on Taiwan for chips.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said the company feels "perfectly safe" about relying so much on Taiwan for chip manufacturing. This comes amid some firms expressing concerns about potential risks to business given heightened military threats by China against the democratic island of Taiwan. "When I was here, in all of our supply chain discussions, we feel perfectly safe," Huang said.

GDP figure exposes lies of Rahul Gandhi's 'market of hate': BJP.
BJP on Wednesday cited a report of 7.2% annual economic growth of India and accused Congress' Rahul Gandhi of "spreading a market of pessimism, hate and distrust" against India's development journey. BJP's Ravi Shankar Prasad cited a conversation between Gandhi and Raghuram Rajan, in which the latter had said India would be lucky to witness 5% GDP growth in 2023.

Why did Kejriwal support BJP on Art 370: Owaisi on ordinance issue.
AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Wednesday said he wouldn't support Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal in his fight against the Centre's ordinance on Delhi services matter. "Why did Kejriwal support the BJP during the abrogation of Article 370? Could he not see that a state was being broken into three Union Territories?" Owaisi said. "These political inconsistencies benefit BJP," he added.

Musk met Chinese Vice Premier on his 2-day visit to China: Report.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk met with Chinese Vice Premier Ding Xuexiang on his two-day visit to China, his first trip to the country in three years, Reuters reported citing a source. Musk departed Shanghai on Thursday. On this visit, he also met with China's foreign and commerce ministers and visited Tesla's Shanghai factory.

BYJU'S lenders scrap talks to restructure a $1.2 bn loan: Report.
The lenders of edtech unicorn BYJU'S have scrapped negotiations with the company to recast a $1.2 billion loan, Bloomberg reported citing sources. The discussions were terminated after creditors moved court and accused BYJU'S of hiding $500 million of funds raised. The startup will attempt to reach out to all lenders independently to renegotiate the terms.

NASA UFO task force holds first public meeting.
A 16-member NASA panel, composed of experts in various fields, held its inaugural public meeting to discuss findings on Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena (UAPs), commonly known as UFOs. The panel was formed in June last year to analyse unclassified sightings and data from civilian government and commercial sectors. The agency aims to make it easier for people to report the UFOs.

Authorities demolish shanties in Delhi, 40 families displaced.
Authorities on Thursday demolished several shanties near central Delhi's Pragati Maidan as part of an anti-encroachment drive, displacing more than 40 families, officials said. Several security personnel were deployed to prevent any untoward incident in the area. Authorities have been conducting anti-encroachment drives across Delhi ahead of the G20 summit to be held in the city later this year.

H'yana girl strangles brother to death as 'parents loved him more'.
A 13-year-old boy died after his 15-year-old sister allegedly strangled him after a fight over a phone in Haryana's Faridabad. "The girl was upset because her parents were 'partial' towards...boy and always made her feel they loved him more than her," a Faridabad Police PRO said. The father said that he and his wife weren't at home when incident occurred.

Rashtrapati Bhavan opens for public viewing from today.
Rashtrapati Bhavan has opened for public viewing today for six days a week, that is Tuesday to Sunday, except on gazetted holidays. A tour of the building will be available in seven time slots between 9.30 am and 4.30 pm. People will also be able to witness the Change of Guard Ceremony on Saturday from 8 am to 9 am.

Australian soldier loses defamation lawsuit over Afghan killings.
One of Australia's most decorated soldiers has lost a defamation case against three newspapers that accused him of war crimes in Afghanistan. Ben Roberts-Smith sued The Sydney Morning Herald, The Age and The Canberra Times over articles alleging he killed unarmed prisoners. An Australian court dismissed the case saying the newspapers had proven many of their allegations were "substantially true".

Hungary frees 777 foreign human traffickers due to crowded prisons.
Hungary has freed 777 foreigners, mostly Serbian and Ukrainian nationals, convicted of human-trafficking, Hungarian prison directorate said. Citing overcrowded prisons, the government issued a decree in April allowing the release of foreign nationals convicted of human-trafficking on condition that they leave Hungary within 72 hours once freed. The move drew protests from neighbouring Austria.

Police officer drags climate activist blocking road in UK.
A video showing a UK police officer dragging a climate activist from Just Stop Oil group along the road during a demonstration has surfaced online. Just Stop Oil supporters blocked traffic on a major road in west London to protest against new oil, gas and coal projects in the UK. The group has carried out protests everyday since April 24.

6-storey apartment building collapses in US; video surfaces.
A six-storey apartment building in US' Iowa partially collapsed on Sunday, injuring at least one person and displacing several residents and businesses. A video showing the building crumbling down was shared by The Independent. The fire crew rescued several people from the building. The cause of the collapse couldn't be figured out immediately.

Bihar govt lowers fine on vehicles carrying liquor by 5 times.
Bihar government gave its nod to a new amendment in its liquor law reducing fine on vehicles caught transporting liquor. As per new law, fine amount will be 10% of the vehicle's insurance cover, up to a maximum of ₹5 lakh, as against 50% required earlier. The step is taken to reduce vehicles piling up in police stations, police said.

No linkages to career or compensation: TCS on work from office warning to employees.
After a report said that Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is sending warning memos to employees who aren't working at least 12 days from the office in a month, it said, "For now, we have not communicated or deployed linkages to career or compensation." "You are warned...to start reporting to work from your office location," it reportedly said in the memo.

Alia's grandfather passes away at 94, actress says 'my heart is full of sorrow'.
Alia Bhatt took to Instagram to share that her grandfather, Narendranath Razdan, has passed away at the age of 94. Sharing a video from her grandfather's 92nd birthday, Alia wrote, "My hero...Played golf till 93, Worked till 93...Told the best stories." She added, "My heart is full of sorrow but also...joy...because all my grandpa did is give us joy."

IIT-B's Solanki told mother about caste discrimination before death: Police.
IIT-Bombay student Darshan Solanki, who died by alleged suicide in February, had told his mother that caste-based discrimination existed on the campus, police's chargesheet said. He also told her that the behaviour of fellow students changed when they learned about his caste. His aunt told police that some of his friends taunted him and said he was getting free education.

Mourinho gives his runners-up medal to a fan after losing a European final for 1st time.
Roma manager Jose Mourinho gave his runners-up medal to a fan after losing a European final for the first time. Roma lost to Sevilla in the Europa Cup 2022-23 final on penalties. "I don't want silver medals. I don't keep silver medals, so I gave it away," he said. After the final, Mourinho was also spotted abusing the referee.

MS Dhoni spotted in Mumbai with Bhagavad Gita amid knee surgery talks, pic goes viral.
CSK captain MS Dhoni was spotted in Mumbai with Bhagavad Gita, with a picture going viral on social media. Dhoni was in Mumbai to consult Dr Dinshaw Pardiwala at the Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital for his injured knee. As per a report, Dhoni may undergo surgery today. Dr Pardiwala is the same specialist who treated Rishabh Pant following his accident.

I wish I cared: Ashneer on BharatPe's ex-Co-founder Bhavik's 'sorry' tweet.
BharatPe's former MD Ashneer Grover responded, "I wish I cared enough" to BharatPe's erstwhile Co-founder Bhavik Koladiya's "I am at my worst. Sorry, Ashneer" tweet. Koladiya also attached a clip of an audio in which he had talked rudely to Ashneer. "Get on with your life and try to make news without tagging me in these random tweets," Ashneer said.

Man declared dead wakes up on funeral pyre just before last rites in MP.
A man who was declared dead woke up on funeral pyre just before the last rites in Madhya Pradesh's Morena on Tuesday. People got scared and started running at first, however, they called a doctor after realising that the man was alive. The man was then referred to a hospital in Gwalior for further treatment.

Indian Air Force plane crashes in Karnataka, pilots safe; pic emerges.
An Indian Air Force (IAF) trainer aircraft crashed near Chamarajanagar in Karnataka on Thursday, with pictures of the plane's wreckage emerging online. The Kiran aircraft crashed while it was on a routine training sortie and both pilots ejected safely, the IAF said. "A Court of Inquiry has been ordered to ascertain the cause of the accident," it added.

Rajiv Singh replaces P Doungel as Manipur Police chief amid unrest.
Amid unrest in Manipur, senior IPS officer Rajiv Singh was on Thursday appointed the new Director General of Police of Manipur. He replaces P Doungel, who was transferred to the post of OSD (Home). Singh, a 1993 IPS officer of the Tripura cadre, should take charge of the post of DGP immediately upon joining the state government, the order read.

Woman asked to pay for luggage makes fake bomb threat at Mumbai airport.
A woman who was travelling from Mumbai to Kolkata claimed that she was carrying a bomb in her bag this week, although nothing suspicious was found, police said. She was reportedly asked to pay for extra luggage and refused to do so. She was arrested after a case was registered at Sahar Police Station and was later granted bail.

Heat wave warning issued for several states for next few days, list released.
The IMD issued heat wave warning for several states for next few days. Heat wave conditions are likely over Bihar, West Bengal and Sikkim till June 5. They are likely over Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh on June 2 and 3. "Rise by 2-4°C in maximum temperatures is very likely over West and Central India during next 3 days," IMD added.

Vicky to gain weight to play Chhatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj: Utekar.
Filmmaker Laxman Utekar has said that preparations have begun for his film on Chhatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj, whose role will be played by actor Vicky Kaushal. "Vicky's training is going on because he has to gain weight and go beyond 100 kgs. He is undergoing training for horse riding and sword fighting...Rest of the casting and location hunting is...underway," he added.

It required Sara's masti: Director on not taking Kriti in 'Zara..'.
Filmmaker Laxman Utekar has revealed why actress Kriti Sanon is not a part of 'Zara Hatke Zara Bachke'. "I felt Sara was the perfect fit...This character required Sara because of her personality, her behaviour, her masti and her naughtiness and that is what she had to translate to the screen for her role," he added.

People say I'm faking pregnancy as I don't show bump openly: Dipika.
TV actress Dipika Kakar, who is expecting her first child, said the craziest thing she has heard is that she is faking her pregnancy. Dipika said that she has read a few comments online that she is using pillows to fake her pregnancy. "Just because I have not shown my bump to them openly, my pregnancy is fake," she added.

Brij Bhushan's suicide remark doesn't look real: Kapil Sibal.
Rajya Sabha MP Kapil Sibal reacted to WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh's remark that he is "ready to hang himself if single allegation is proven against him" and said that Bhushan's statement doesn't look real. Sibal added that Bhushan's remark "sounds familiar" to what PM Narendra Modi said during 'notebandi'. "Nothing happened then and nothing will happen now," Sibal added.

Amazon to pay $25 mn to settle kids' Alexa recordings storage suit.
Amazon has agreed to pay $25-million settlement over US Federal Trade Commission's allegations that it stored children's Alexa recordings and transcripts indefinitely by default until September 2019. FTC also said Amazon failed to delete transcripts for a "significant period of time" and was still holding on to voice info and geolocation data. Amazon later said it "disagrees" with FTC's claims.

India's digital revolution a success story for world: WEF Prez.
The World Economic Forum President Borge Brende in his address at the India Economic Conclave said India's digital revolution is not just a success story for the nation but for the whole world. He also said India's Aadhaar system is transforming people's lives. He added India is using an innovation mindset in addressing global challenges like global warming.

India is chip-taker, chip-maker: Vedanta Chairman Agarwal.
Vedanta Chairman Anil Agarwal said India is a "chip-taker", "chip-maker", "and this will change our country". "We are looking at the semiconductor that is today's oil," he added. He also said, "TSMC, which is one of the largest manufacturers of semiconductors, is around us," so his company is fully equipped to make chips in India.

Congress' formula of guarantees will leave country bankrupt: PM.
Ahead of the Rajasthan Assembly elections, PM Narendra Modi criticised the Congress, saying that the party has brought a "new formula of guarantees" which will leave the country "bankrupt". He also questioned if Congress is fulfilling its guarantees. "Fifty years ago, Congress guaranteed that it would remove poverty. But it turned out to be their biggest betrayal of...poor," he added.

PM has a problem whenever we promise something to poor: Kharge.
Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge has criticised PM Narendra Modi, saying that the PM "can provide concessions...to big industrialists, but he has a lot of a problem whenever we promise to provide anything for...the poor". This comes after PM Modi said that Congress' "new formula of guarantees" will leave the country "bankrupt". PM Modi made the remark in Rajasthan.

Scientists generate electricity using humidity in air.
Scientists have discovered a method to generate electricity from air humidity. Clouds, composed of charged water droplets, contain enough electrical energy. Based on prior research, they created the "generic Air-gen effect" using bacteria-grown protein nanowires. They found that any material, when peppered with nanopores smaller than 100 nanometers in diameter, can make electricity from humidity.

I drink tea in car at high speed to check road quality: Gadkari.
Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari said he drinks tea while sitting in a high-speed car to test the quality of roads. Gadkari said he drank tea while riding in a car driving at 160 kmph on the Mumbai-Khandala-Lonavala road. "I told the construction company that if even a drop of tea falls, they'll not be spared," he said.

21 BSF personnel hospitalised in Tripura, food poisoning suspected.
As many as 21 Border Security Force (BSF) personnel who were posted at an outpost in Tripura's Unakoti were hospitalised due to suspected food poisoning. A doctor said that although the personnel's condition is not critical, they need to be kept under observation. A few of the personnel were taken back to the outpost after getting oral treatment, police said.

11-year-old girl among those killed in Russian strike on Kyiv.
At least three people, including an 11-year-old girl, were killed in a Russian missile strike on Kyiv early on Thursday, Ukrainian officials said. Ukraine's air force said they've shot down all 10 ballistic and cruise missiles launched from Russia in the 18th attack on Kyiv since May. A medical clinic, kindergarten, residential buildings and cars were damaged in the attack.

S'pore PM tests +ve for COVID-19 for 2nd time in less than 2 weeks.
Singapore PM Lee Hsien Loong said he has tested positive for COVID-19 for the second time in less than two weeks. "I feel fine...My doctors say it's a COVID-19 rebound, which happens in 5-10 percent of cases," he added. The 71-year-old was diagnosed with COVID-19 for the first time on May 22 after his trips to Africa and Asia.

Those carrying weapons must surrender them: Amit Shah in Manipur.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah asked people who have weapons to surrender them before Manipur Police. "Combing operations will start from tomorrow and if weapons are found with anyone, strict actions will be taken," Shah, who visited the state after violence broke out last month, said. He also urged Manipur citizens not to pay heed to fake news.

Delhi sees coolest May in 36 years due to excess rainfall.
Delhi recorded its coolest May in 36 years as excess rainfall brought down the average temperature to 36.8 degrees Celsius this year, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said. In May 1987, a lower average maximum temperature of 36 degrees Celsius was recorded, IMD's Kuldeep Srivastava said. Delhi witnessed 11 rainy days and logged 111 mm of rainfall in May.

Maha villagers lift newly-made road with hands; video surfaces.
A purported video showing villagers in Ambad taluka in Maharashtra's Jalna lifting a newly-made road with their bare hands has surfaced online. In the video, an apparent carpet-like material can be seen placed directly under the road and a person can be heard calling the road "bogus". Reportedly, the contractor claimed to have used German technology to construct the road.

Man breaks gay beauty pageant winner's crown as his partner gets 2nd place in Brazil.
The husband of an LGBTQI+ beauty pageant contestant in Brazil broke the winner's crown after his partner was declared the runner-up, with a video of the incident surfacing online. The video shows the contest's runner-up Nathally Becker's husband invading the stage, snatching the crown, and throwing it repeatedly. He's also seen getting into a scuffle with security personnel.

Periodic Table, Evolution removed from class 10 NCERT textbooks.
The National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) has removed the Periodic Table and Evolution topics from the class 10 science textbooks, the new rationalised syllabus has shown. The chapters have been removed as part of NCERT's attempt to "reduce the content load on students" in view of COVID-19. They, however, remain part of class 11 and 12 syllabuses.

Canada to print health warnings on each cigarette, releases pic.
Canada's health agency has announced that the country will soon print warning labels directly on cigarettes in a world-first. New packaging will feature a warning on each cigarette with phrases like - "Cigarettes cause cancer" and "Poison in every puff", Health Canada said. The regulation will come into effect on August 1, it added.

Meta shareholders vote against content moderation inquiry in India.
Shareholders of Facebook-parent Meta have voted against an inquiry into allegations of political entanglement and content management biases in Meta's operations in India. The rejected Proposal 7 had sought a "nonpartisan assessment" focusing on "how the platform has been utilised to foment ethnic and religious conflict and hatred". "Requested report is unnecessary," Meta said in a proxy statement.

Nvidia shares fall most since Jan after its mcap hits $1 trillion.
Shares of Nvidia fell 5.7% on May 31, the most since January 30, after the chipmaker's market capitalisation (mcap) briefly reached the $1-trillion mark earlier this week. Shares of other software firms like C3.ai also dipped, falling 9% on disappointing sales forecast. Nvidia had become the ninth firm in the world to ever hit the $1-trillion mcap mark.

India, China relationship is going to be tough: Rahul Gandhi in US.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, who is currently on a visit to the US, said that India "cannot be pushed around" by China and the relationship between the two countries is going to be "tough". Rahul said this while responding to a question about the current state of India-China relations and how it's going to evolve in the next 5-10 years.

I'm 1st person to be given criminal sentence for defamation: Rahul in US.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said he's the first person to be given a criminal sentence for defamation and a maximum sentence to be disqualified from the Parliament. The former Lok Sabha MP made these remarks at Stanford University in US. "I don't think when I joined politics...I ever imagined what I see going on now in the country," he added.

PM Modi meets with Nepal PM Dahal at Hyderabad House in Delhi.
PM Narendra Modi met with Nepal's PM Pushpa Kamal Dahal 'Prachanda' at the Hyderabad House in Delhi on Thursday. Dahal will hold extensive talks with PM Modi to discuss the diverse areas of the bilateral partnership between India and Nepal, an official release stated. This is Dahal's first international visit since assuming office in December last year.

Railways Minister shares graphic showing routes of all 18 Vande Bharat trains.
Minister for Railways Ashwini Vaishnaw took to Twitter to share a graphic showing routes of all 18 Vande Bharat trains. Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday flagged off Northeast's first and country's 18th Vande Bharat train, that runs between Guwahati and West Bengal's New Jalpaiguri. PM Modi said that it would boost tourism and enhance connectivity.

Panel led by retired judge to investigate Manipur violence: Amit Shah.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Thursday announced that the Centre will form a judicial commission under the chairmanship of a retired judge (of the level of the Chief Justice of the High Court) to investigate Manipur violence. A peace committee headed by Manipur Governor Anusuiya Uikey will be formed too. "CBI will be investigating six cases," Shah added.

Video shows teenagers attacking US Marines on beach; 5 arrested.
A video showing teenagers beating three off-duty US Marines after they were allegedly asked to stop lighting fireworks on a California beach has surfaced online. The Marines were seen curled up on the ground as the mob kicked, punched and stomped on them. Police said they have arrested five teenagers, four boys and one girl, in connection with the incident.

I was taken off a big film, shoot was to start next day: Addhyayan.
Actor Addhyayan Summan has revealed that he was taken off two big films this year. He added that he had "almost signed" the films. "The contracts were done and the shooting [for one of them] was about to begin just the next day. But I was taken off the film and given a very vague reason," he further said.

What you can learn on TV, you can't learn anywhere else: Radhika.
Actress Radhika Madan, in an interview, said that she has learnt everything from television. "What you can learn on TV, you can't learn anywhere else," she added. Radhika, who was playing the lead in 'Meri Aashiqui Tum Se Hi' before transitioning to movies, said that her co-actors asked her not to quit television and work for 2-3 years more.

Karisma & Madhuri recreate 'Dance of Envy' from 'Dil To Pagal Hai'.
Sharing a video of their dance from a recent party, Karisma Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit recreated their 'Dance of Envy' from 1997 film 'Dil To Pagal Hai'. Karisma captioned the post, "Dance of Envy (crossed out) Friendship #dtph #dancepartner #forever." Several celebrities commented on their post including Kareena Kapoor Khan, who wrote, "The OG SuperStars."

Glory my son brings to India means more than my career: R Madhavan.
Actor R Madhavan has said that the glory that his son Vedaant brings to India means more to him than anything that he has done in his own career. "Every day we thank the Lord that he is in our life," he added. Vedaant recently won five gold medals for India at the Malaysia Invitational Age Group Swimming Championships 2023.

Cow named Goddess airlifted after getting injured in Switzerland.
A video showing a cow named Goddess being airlifted to safety from a Swiss hillside after getting injured has surfaced online. The animal suffered the injury during an apparent fight on Friday, May 26, near the village of Evolene in southern Switzerland. Rescue workers fitted her with a harness and airlifted her away for medical treatment via a helicopter.

Knee is in much better place, will bowl in Ashes: Ben Stokes.
England's Test captain Ben Stokes has said his knee is "in a much better place" and he is confident of playing the role of an all-rounder in the Ashes against Australia. "I have got myself into a place where I feel like I am back at 2019, 2020 with my body," Stokes said. He played two matches in IPL.

Mbappé said no to Madrid due to Ronaldo's presence in 2017: Bordas.
Ex-Barcelona director Javier Bordas claimed striker Kylian Mbappé did not wish to join Real Madrid due to the presence of Karim Benzema, Gareth Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo, before joining Paris Saint-Germain in 2017. Mbappé was recently linked with a move to Madrid. However, he eventually opted to stay at PSG. Mbappé is PSG's all-time top scorer in Ligue 1 history.

Rahul Gandhi is in form just like Virat Kohli: Sanjay Raut.
Shiv Sena (UBT) leader Sanjay Raut praised Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and said that those who are coming to attend his events in the US are not "rented" people. "Rahul is in form just like Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli once were...Even after so many atrocities against him, he is continuing his fight in both India and abroad," Raut added.

BJP did 'loot' even in Mahakal: Congress on Ujjain idols collapse.
Congress Madhya Pradesh in-charge JP Agarwal alleged corruption by BJP in the construction of idols in Ujjain's Mahakal Lok corridor after six statues collapsed due to strong winds and said that BJP had "fiddled with the faith" of crores of Indians. "The BJP didn't keep even the sacred Mahakal away from its loot...They didn't even spare God," said Agarwal.

65-yr-old woman, daughter found dead inside apartment in Delhi.
A 65-year-old woman and her daughter were found dead inside their apartment in Delhi's Krishna Nagar, police said on Wednesday. The matter came to light after police received a PCR call about a foul smell coming from the flat. Prima facie, it appears that a third person, who was known to deceased, might have been inside flat, DCP Shahdara said.

Satellite footage shows Canada wildfires smoke drifting towards US.
A satellite footage showed thick smoke from wildfires in Canada drifting towards the northwestern US. Air quality alerts were in effect for southern Michigan, Wisconsin, northern Ohio and parts of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and New York where a high concentration of pollutants were in the forecast, National Weather Service said. Wildfires in Canada's Nova Scotia have displaced over 18,000 people.

40-50 FDI proposals from Pak, China pending with Centre: Report.
At least 40-50 FDI proposals from countries like Pakistan and China are pending with the Centre in a bid to check instances of opportunistic takeovers of domestic firms, PTI reported. The proposals are pending under India's FDI Policy, which mandates prior approval for countries sharing borders with India. One of the pending proposals is from MG Motor.

Poll strategist Kanugolu appointed K'taka CM's advisor, gets cabinet rank.
Election strategist Sunil Kanugolu, who worked for Congress' success in recently-concluded Karnataka elections, has been appointed as the chief advisor to CM Siddaramaiah with a cabinet rank, the CMO said in a statement. Kanugolu, who did his higher studies in the US, was one of the key strategists for PM Narendra Modi in 2014 and joined Congress last year.

300 stranded as road gets washed away due to landslide in U'khand.
The Lipulekh-Tawaghat motor road which is located on the outskirts of Uttarakhand's Pithoragarh has been washed away 100 metres due to a landslide, ANI reported citing the district administration. Following this, around 300 people got stranded in the district's Dharchula and Gunji areas, the district administration added. The road is 45 km above Dharchula, it further said.

Fire breaks out in coach of halted train in Kerala's Kannur.
A coach of the Alappuzha-Kannur Executive Express caught fire while it was halted at Kannur Railway Station in Kerala around 11 pm on Wednesday. The Railways said no casualty or injury was reported. A forensic examination will determine what caused the fire. In April, three people died when a man set his co-passengers on fire onboard the Alappuzha-Kannur Executive Express.

Arjun Kapoor reacts to Malaika's pregnancy rumours, says 'check with us, don't assume'.
Arjun Kapoor has reacted to Malaika Arora's pregnancy rumours that surfaced last year, saying, "Check with us once in a while if you're going to write something that is very very important." "It was more about that it should be checked; it should not be assumed. You should not put something that can be life-altering out there," he further said.

Int'l Olympic Committee criticises police action on Indian wrestlers, issues statement.
The International Olympic Committee has criticised police action against protesting Indian wrestlers and said, "The treatment of the Indian wrestling athletes over the weekend was very disturbing." It insisted that the sexual harassment allegations against WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh be looked into "by an unbiased, criminal investigation". United World Wrestling has also threatened to ban WFI.

Mamata takes out rally seeking 'justice' for wrestlers in Kolkata.
West Bengal CM and TMC chief Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday took out a rally in Kolkata in protest against the alleged manhandling of wrestlers in Delhi. A video of Mamata carrying a placard reading- 'We Want Justice', has surfaced online. "We are with you in your fight," she said as she led the rally which sought justice for the wrestlers.

Shah visits Meitei & Kuki relief camps in violence-hit Manipur.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Wednesday visited separate relief camps housing members of Kuki and Meitei communities. "Our resolve remains focused on leading Manipur back to the track of peace and harmony once again and their return to their homes at the earliest," he said. Notably, violent clashes between both these groups have claimed over 80 lives so far.

Son of poor standing before their ego: PM on Opposition's boycott.
Reacting to Opposition parties boycotting new Parliament's inauguration, PM Narendra Modi said that Congress and some other parties "threw mud of politics" at India's achievement. "They are angry that how is the son of a poor standing before their ego?" PM added. Such opportunities come once in generations, but Congress used this for its "selfish protest", the PM further said.

Why was a 'mock' alien signal sent to Earth from Mars recently?.
The European Space Agency used its ExoMars orbiter to send a 'mock' signal from Mars to Earth, in a first-of-its-kind experiment. It was sent to "explore the process of decoding and interpreting an extraterrestrial message" by engaging professionals from across the world. The encoded 'alien message' was sent out on May 24 and was received on Earth 16 minutes later.

2 boys seen kissing in viral video as they triple ride on scooty in UP; police takes action.
The UP police has initiated action after two boys were seen kissing while triple riding on a scooty in Rampur. Police has launched a search for the youths after a video of their act went viral on social media. In January, a video showing a man hugging a woman while driving a scooter in Lucknow had surfaced online.

Bombs hurled at BJP leader's house in Bihar's Gaya, video surfaces.
Unidentified people allegedly hurled bombs at BJP leader Santosh Gupta's house in Bihar's Gaya. CCTV footage of the incident which shows an explosion at the house has surfaced online. Gupta claimed that the incident occurred at night while everyone was sleeping and that four bombs were hurled at the house. The suspects were on a bike, a police official said.

Kim's weight measured using AI by S Korea, says he's becoming dependent on alcohol.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is believed to weigh over 140 kg according to an artificial intelligence (AI) estimate, a South Korean lawmaker said. Kim, who is believed to be 39 years old, may be suffering from a sleep disorder and a potentially worsening alcohol and nicotine dependency, South Korea's spy agency said on Wednesday.

Mom didn't know for years that she had depression: Jasmin Bhasin.
Actress Jasmin Bhasin has revealed that her mother did not know for years that she was suffering from depression and that her anxious breathing was a result of it. "It clearly shows that depression and mental health issues can be anywhere," Jasmin added. Her revelation came after actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui's comment about depression being an "urban concept".

Ra.One was harshly judged, people now call it ahead of time: Sinha.
'Ra.One' director Anubhav Sinha said that he is a believer of how long a film lives determines its legacy. "The fact that a film (Ra.One) that was so harshly judged and criticised 12 years back lives on online with people calling it ahead of its time speaks volumes. Then, that is the film's success," he added.

Djokovic's Kosovo message 'militant, political': French minister.
French Sports Minister Amelie Oudea-Castera said that Novak Djokovic's message about Kosovo was "not appropriate". Djokovic's message was "militant, very political" and "must not be repeated", Amelie added. Following his first-round win at French Open 2023, Djokovic wrote on the camera lens, "Kosovo is the heart of Serbia." Djokovic's statement was a reference to recent tension in Kosovo.

Pujara's inputs will be invaluable for WTC final: Sunil Gavaskar.
Talking about Cheteshwar Pujara, who has been playing County Championship in England, ex-India captain Sunil Gavaskar said his inputs will be "invaluable as far as the batting unit is concerned" in WTC final against Australia. "The fact that he [has] been around will mean that he will have also seen how the pitch has been behaving," Gavaskar stated.

Congress would never do what BJP is doing to wrestlers: Vijender.
Olympic medallist and Congress leader Vijender Singh criticised BJP government for not listening to protesting wrestlers and said that if Congress was in power, it would never do what BJP is doing. "There is a lot of difference between politics of both parties...Congress would have removed the WFI chief...our PM or Sports Minister would have communicated with players," he added.

Novak Djokovic enters French Open 3rd round for 18th year in a row.
Novak Djokovic entered the third round at French Open 2023 following a 7-6(2), 6-0, 6-3 win over World number 83 Marton Fucsovics on Wednesday. Djokovic needed nearly an hour and 30 minutes to win the first set. Notably, it's the 18th consecutive time Djokovic has made it to the 3rd round at the Roland Garros, which he has won twice.

World no.1 Alcaraz beats Daniel to reach French Open's 3rd round.
World number one Carlos Alcaraz defeated Japan's Taro Daniel on Wednesday to reach the third round of French Open 2023. Daniel is placed at 112 in the world rankings. In a four-set battle, Alcaraz emerged victorious with a scoreline of 6-1 3-6 6-1 6-2. Alcaraz will face Canada's 26th seed Denis Shapovalov in the third round.

Science fiction fantasy: Oxford prof on 'extinction risk' from AI.
Sandra Wachter, Professor of Technology and Regulation at Oxford University, said a letter by US-based Center for AI Safety on 'risk of extinction' from AI is "science fiction fantasy" and a "publicity stunt". "Mitigating risk of extinction from AI should be a global priority," the letter had said. Probability of "Terminator scenario" by AI is "close to zero", Wachter said.

Amazon staff walkout over return-to-office, layoffs; clip surfaces.
A video has surfaced online showing hundreds of Amazon employees staging a walkout at the company's Seattle headquarters over return-to-office policy, recent rounds of layoffs and impact on the climate. The employees could be seen holding signs saying, "Hell no, RTO!" and "Short-term thinking=Lost Trust". Organisers of the walkout said almost 2,000 workers globally had pledged to join the walkout.

Rahul said Guru Nanak went to Thailand, where did he read it: BJP.
BJP's Manjinder Singh Sirsa criticised Congress leader Rahul Gandhi for his statement that "Guru Nanak went to Thailand" and asked where did Rahul read this and how much should we keep forgiving him. Referring to 'Bharat Jodo Yatra', Rahul in US said that they walked nothing compared to Guru Nanak Ji, who had gone to places like Mecca and Thailand.

Suspected Pak intruder shot dead along int'l border in J&K's Samba.
Border Security Force (BSF) troops shot dead a suspected Pakistani intruder along the International Border in Jammu and Kashmir's Samba in the early hours of Thursday, officials said. The intruder kept advancing despite being challenged by the BSF troops, following which the troops opened fire, a BSF spokesperson said. This comes a day after three terrorists were apprehended in Poonch.

Taliban chief holds secret talks with Qatar PM in Afghanistan.
Taliban's supreme leader Haibatullah Akhunzada has reportedly held secret talks with Qatar's Prime Minister Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al-Thani on resolving tension with the international community. The meeting was held on May 12 in Afghanistan's Kandahar. The issues raised by Qatar PM included the need to end Taliban's bans on girls' education and women's employment.

North Korea promises spy satellite launches after failed attempt.
North Korea's Kim Yo Jong, the sister of leader Kim Jong-un, has promised more satellite launches after the country's attempt to send its first military spy satellite into orbit ended in failure. Condemning the US for "gangster-like" hypocrisy for its criticism of Wednesday's failed launch, she said it was North Korea's sovereign right to acquire space-based reconnaissance capabilities.

Ukrainian commander blows up own vehicle amid infighting reports.
A commander of Ukraine's armed forces has reportedly blown up his own military vehicle over "insubordination". A video that has surfaced on social media purportedly shows the burning vehicle. The incident comes amid reports of an alleged revolt within Ukraine's army. RT News reported that the Ukrainian commander "destroyed" the battalion's vehicle using a grenade.

Brazil ex-President gets nearly 9 years in jail for corruption.
Brazil's Supreme Court has sentenced former President Fernando Collor de Mello to eight years and 10 months in prison. Last week, the country's High Court had convicted the 73-year-old of taking $4 million in bribes from a subsidiary of state-owned oil company Petrobras while he was a senator from 2010 to 2014. Collor was Brazil's first democratically elected President.

Elon Musk becomes world's richest person again with $192 billion net worth.
Elon Musk has reclaimed the position of the world's wealthiest person with his fortune valued at about $192.3 billion, Bloomberg reported. Musk overtook luxury tycoon Bernard Arnault as the richest person after shares of the latter's LVMH fell 2.6% on Wednesday. Arnault's net worth is now around $186.6 billion as per Bloomberg.

No electricity bill for consumption of first 100 units: Raj CM.
Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot on Wednesday said the electricity bill for people who consume less than 100 units will be zero. He said the state government will waive permanent charges, fuel surcharges and other charges in electricity bills up to 200 units. CM Gehlot added, "We received feedback which called for changes in the slab-wise waiver on electricity bills."

FIR filed over Chhattisgarh officer draining reservoir for phone.
An FIR has been filed against food inspector Rajesh Vishwas, who was suspended, and two other government officials for allegedly draining 41 lakh litres of water from a reservoir in Chhattisgarh's Kanker to recover Vishwas' phone. A police official said that the other two accused had supported Vishwas' unauthorised act. Earlier, Vishwas was fined around ₹53,000 for draining the reservoir.

Actor Harish Pengan passes away aged 49.
Renowned Malayalam actor Harish Pengan has passed away aged 49 at a private hospital in Kochi while undergoing treatment for a liver ailment. Pengan's twin sister, Sreeja, was prepared to donate her liver, however, the procedure couldn't proceed due to the high costs involved. Pengan's relatives and colleagues had launched a fundraising initiative.

Khaps to hold mahapanchayat today in UP over wrestlers' protest.
Leaders of nearly 30-35 khaps from Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Uttarakhand and Punjab will attend a mahapanchayat in Muzaffarnagar in UP today. The meeting was called by BKU President Naresh Singh Tikait to discuss protest by wrestlers against BJP MP Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh. On Tuesday, he had convinced wrestlers to not immerse their medals in the Ganga river in Haridwar.

Sevilla beat Roma on penalties to win Europa League for record-extending seventh time.
Sevilla defeated Roma 4-1 on penalties in final to win UEFA Cup/UEFA Europa League for record-extending seventh time. The match ended at 1-1 after 90 minutes, with Roma's Paulo Dybala scoring in 35th minute. Sevilla equalised in 55th minute with own goal from Roma's Gianluca Mancini. The match went to penalties after both teams failed to score in extra time.

I presume my iPhone is being tapped: Rahul Gandhi in US.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, who is on a trip to the United States, in an interaction with Silicon Valley-based startup entrepreneurs said he presumes his iPhone is being tapped. At one point, he jokingly said, "Hello! Mr Modi" on his iPhone. "If the nation is interested in tapping the phone, then this is not a battle worth fighting," he claimed.

Railways Minister shares pic of train coach, says 'Guess this train in making'.
Railways Minister Ashwini Vaishnaw on Wednesday shared an image of a train coach and asked users to guess the "train in making". In a tweet, the minister said, "Guess this train in making!? Hint: Jack n Jill went up the hill." Many social media users claimed the coaches belonged to new toy trains planned for the Kalka-Shimla route.

Bus driver dies of heart attack while driving in Karnataka, CCTV footage surfaces.
A bus driver suffered a heart attack while driving a Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) bus and died shortly afterwards. CCTV footage shows the bus suddenly stopping at a petrol station. Observing the driver's condition, the bus conductor had stopped the bus by applying the brakes. There were no passengers in the bus.

US House passes debt-ceiling bill as deadline nears.
The US House of Representatives has passed a bill to suspend the $31.4 trillion debt ceiling. The House voted 314-117 to send the legislation to Senate, which must enact the measure and get it to President Joe Biden's desk before the June 5 deadline. The federal government is expected to run out of money to pay its bills on Monday.

Commercial LPG cylinder price reduced by ₹83.5.
The price of commercial LPG has been slashed by ₹83.5, with effect from June 1. The 19-kg commercial LPG cylinder will now cost ₹1,773 in Delhi, while in Mumbai, the price of the cylinder has come down to ₹1,725. The price of the domestic LPG cylinder, however, has been kept unchanged.

Shaan remembers KK, says 'Thought news of his death was a prank'.
Singer Shaan remembered late singer KK on his first death anniversary. Shaan revealed that he thought that the news of KK's death was a prank but was shattered when he realised it had actually happened. "He was among the most disciplined people...He wouldn't smoke or drink...the fact that he'd get a heart attack was...something no one could believe," Shaan added.

It'd be saddest to end up at 80 & watch films I did at 25: Shah.
Actor Naseeruddin Shah has said that it would be the saddest thing if he ends up as an 80-year-old, sitting in his farmhouse and watching the movies that he did at 25. "I don't want that to happen," he added. "I don't always watch every film I have done. Some of them because they are unbearable," he further said.

Liked the song most: AOORA on making K-pop version of Jimmy Jimmy.
South Korean singer & composer AOORA recently released the K-pop version of Disco Dancer's 'Jimmy Jimmy' song, which originally featured Mithun Chakraborty. "I chose [this song] because I liked it the most amongst [others]," he said in a video. The Korean version of the song, which was originally composed by late Bappi Lahiri, has also been co-written by AOORA.

Had announced IPL retirement, MSD said 'Join coaching team': Bravo.
Discussing his transition from being a CSK all-rounder to the team's bowling coach, Dwayne Bravo stated on Instagram, "It was a sad moment when I decided to announce my retirement from IPL." "As fate would have it, I received a call from [CSK head coach] Stephen Fleming and MS Dhoni who invited me to be...part of...coaching staff," he added.

US announces $300 mn arms package for Ukraine as war intensifies.
The US Defense Department on Wednesday announced a new $300 million arms package for Ukraine. "The...assistance comes on the heels of Russia's recent drone attacks aimed at Ukraine's civilian infrastructure far from the front lines," the department said. The US has committed over $37.6 billion in security assistance to Ukraine since Russia began invading Ukraine in February 2022, it added.

IPL 2023 to be remembered for Dhonimania: Ex-PCB chief Ramiz Raja.
Former Pakistan Cricket Board chief Ramiz Raja said IPL 2023 will be remembered for "Dhonimania". "[It will also be] remembered for the moment when a legend like Sunil Gavaskar asked MS Dhoni to sign an autograph on his shirt," he stated. CSK defeated GT by five wickets to lift the title for the fifth time.

India beat Korea 9-1 in Men's Junior Asia Cup 2023, enter final.
Defending champions India entered the final of Men's Junior Asia Cup 2023 following a 9-1 win against Korea in their semi-final match. Boby Singh scored a hat-trick for India with Sunit Lakra, Araijeet Singh Hundal, Angad Singh, captain Uttam Singh, Vishnukant Singh and Sharda Nand Tiwari scoring a goal apiece. India had defeated Thailand 17-0 to enter the semi-finals.

AI will drive server business but 2023 overall to be flat: Foxconn.
Apple supplier Foxconn said AI applications would strongly drive demand for its server business this year but reiterated that 2023 overall would be a flat year. Chairman Young Liu said Foxconn remained cautious about this year due to monetary policy tightening, geopolitical tensions and uncertainty over inflation. Servers are a bright spot due to surging interest in AI, Liu said.

Have no relation with AAP, won't support on Centre's Ordinance: INC.
Congress leader Partap Singh Bajwa on Wednesday said the party will not support the AAP on the Centre's Ordinance on control of services in Delhi. "We are not going to support them at all. We have made it clear-cut that we have no relation with the AAP," he said, adding that AAP is BJP's B team.

He should tell this to Gehlot: Owaisi on Rahul's remark on Muslims.
Reacting to Rahul Gandhi's remark that political secularism has destroyed the Muslims of India under BJP government, AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi said that Rahul should teach this first to Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot. "When Rajasthan's Junaid and Nasir were killed, the Congress CM took 15 days to meet their family...In Chhattisgarh, your Congress government sponsored Dharam Sansad," Owaisi added.

Zepto shuffles top management, replaces COO & Chief Growth Officer.
Y Combinator-backed Zepto has shuffled its top management, with Vinay Dhanani, the startup's former COO, being made the president of supply chain. Vikas Sharma, formerly the Senior VP of operations at Zepto, will replace Dhanani as COO. Viral Jhaveri will replace Amritansu Nanda as the Chief Growth Officer as the latter will step down to focus on health and family.

People in PoK want to leave Pak and join India: UP CM Adityanath.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has said the people living in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) want to leave Pakistan and join India. "India's most fertile land went to Pakistan but it could not handle it," Adityanath stated, adding people in Pakistan are fighting for food. He said Kashmir is on the path of development due to PM Narendra Modi's efforts.

Japan PM Kishida orders $26 billion to be set aside for childcare.
Japan's PM Fumio Kishida has ordered the government to set aside $26 billion for new childcare measures. The measures are aimed at supporting higher education, preventing child abuse in poverty and ensuring medical care for handicapped children. Japan is the industrial world's most indebted government with public debt that is more than double the size of its economy.

West aiding genocide by backing Zelenskyy's peace plan: Russia.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the West is "supporting genocide" in Ukraine by backing President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's peace plan. He stated the peace plan will "destroy everything Russian" in east Ukraine and Crimea. The peace plan mandates the withdrawal of Russian forces from all Ukrainian territory. He made these comments during his trip to Africa.

Adani Group to raise $3 billion from share sale in 3 firms: Report.
The Adani Group is looking to raise over $3 billion through an equity share sale to institutional investors in three group companies, media reports said. The boards of Adani Enterprises and Adani Transmission have approved raising over $2.5 billion through share sales. Adani Green Energy's board is likely to do the same for raising up to $1 billion soon.

Dubai emerges as top destination city for FDI from India: Report.
Dubai has reportedly emerged as the top destination city for Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) from India in the calendar year 2022. According to the Dubai FDI Monitor, India is one of the top five source countries for FDI in Dubai. India accounted for 12% of announced FDI projects in Dubai in 2022, while US accounted for 20%.

K'taka CM reallocates IT dept to Priyank Kharge, Patil gets Infrastructure.
Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah on Wednesday reallocated Information Technology and Biotechnology departments to Rural Development and Panchayat Raj Minister Priyank Kharge. Another Cabinet Minister, MB Patil has been given the charge of Infrastructure Development. He is already handling the Large and Medium Industries department.

Sara responds to trolls over her pics from Mahakal Temple, says 'My beliefs are my own'.
Sara Ali Khan responded to trolls after she shared a post from her visit to Ujjain's Mahakal Temple. Sara said, "I'd feel bad if people don't like my work but my...beliefs are my own." "I'll go to Ajmer Sharif with...same devotion...with which I'll go to Bangla Sahib or Mahakal...People can say whatever they want, I have no problem," she added.

I will just follow whatever he says like a soldier: Tushar Deshpande on MS Dhoni.
CSK pacer Tushar Deshpande, who was the highest wicket-taker for CSK in IPL 2023, said MS Dhoni is a selfless guy and keeps things simple. He added, "Dhoni doesn't complicate things and will be with you in your bad times. Like a soldier I'll just follow whatever he says. I know he can never take me on a wrong path."

Video shows Dhoni teasing Deepak Chahar for dropped catch on being asked to sign jersey.
A video went viral showing MS Dhoni teasing Deepak Chahar for dropping a catch in IPL 2023 final. In the video, Chahar can be seen asking Dhoni to sign his jersey just like he had signed Sunil Gavaskar's jersey earlier. Dhoni jokingly refused to sign his jersey and was seen joking about his dropped catch. Dhoni later signed the jersey.

Ravindra Jadeja gifts his IPL 2023 final bat to teammate Ajay Mandal, he shares pic.
CSK all-rounder Ajay Mandal took to Instagram Stories to reveal Ravindra Jadeja gifted him the bat he used to hit 10 runs in the last two deliveries to help CSK win IPL 2023 final. "He gave me that bat only as a blessing. Big thanks to CSK for giving me opportunity to share dressing room with Jaddu bhai," he wrote.

Team India to be without jersey sponsor in WTC final: Report.
Team India will be without any jersey sponsor in the World Test Championship (WTC) final, Hindustan Times reported. BCCI's contract with Byju's for jersey sponsorship expired in March after the ed-tech firm wanted out of the deal due to adverse market conditions. BCCI is reportedly looking for a long-term partnership rather than going for low-key deals.

INC puts banner outside Sachin's home over silence on wrestlers issue.
Members of the Mumbai Youth Congress have put up a banner outside the residence of former Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar over his silence on the wrestlers issue. Former cricketer Anil Kumble had on Tuesday reacted to wrestlers being detained by the Delhi Police. Notably, the wrestlers halted their plan to immerse their medals in the Ganga on Tuesday.

India-Australia WTC final to be played with Dukes ball, confirms ICC.
The ICC has confirmed that the World Test Championship (WTC) final between India and Australia will be played with Dukes ball, which is used in English conditions. Earlier, reports had stated that a red Kookaburra ball will be used for the final. Kookaburra balls are commonly used for Tests in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Zimbabwe.

Can't give deadline for report on allegations by wrestlers: Dy DCP.
Delhi Deputy DCP Suman Nalwa has said that she can't give a deadline for the investigation in the case related to the alleged sexual harassment by WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh. She said that the investigation is still on. Delhi Police on Wednesday refuted reports that there wasn't enough evidence against Singh, saying investigation into the sensitive case is on.

Police recreate crime scene with killed Delhi girl's friends.
Delhi Police on Wednesday recreated the crime scene in Delhi, where a 16-year-old girl was allegedly stabbed by her 20-year-old boyfriend. The victim's three friends were called to join the investigation and their statements have been recorded. The accused allegedly killed the victim as she was ignoring him and had also insulted him in front of her friends.

Sahil thought Delhi girl was seeing her former boyfriend: Police.
Sahil, the 20-year-old man who allegedly stabbed his 16-year-old girlfriend over 20 times in Delhi, thought she was getting involved with her former boyfriend, a police officer has said. Police said one of the victim's friends had threatened the accused a day before the incident, adding that she said demeaning things to him in front of her friend.

LeT terrorist Abdul Salam Bhuttavi, who trained 26/11 attackers, dies in Pakistan jail.
Hafiz Abdul Salam Bhuttavi, an UN-designated terrorist who trained the LeT attackers for 2008 Mumbai terror attack, died in a prison in Pakistan's Punjab province while serving a sentence for terror financing, his aide said. Bhuttavi was deputy to the outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) chief and Mumbai attack mastermind Hafiz Saeed. The JuD is the front organisation for the LeT.

Protesters and police clash in China over demolition of mosque.
Police clashed with people protesting the demolition of a centuries-old mosque's domed roof in a predominantly Muslim town in China's Yunnan. The protesters reportedly threw chairs and stones outside the mosque. Videos showing police with riot shields clashing with them have also surfaced online. In 2020, a court ruling declared some of the mosque's renovations illegal, mandating their demolition.

Imran Khan sues Pak minister for PKR 10 billion over cocaine claim.
Ex-Pakistan PM Imran Khan has sent a PKR 10 billion defamation notice to Pakistan’s Health Minister Abdul Qadir Patel for the latter's "malicious" claims. Patel had claimed that Khan's urine sample showed traces of alcohol and cocaine. "The report [also] emphasises...on the mental state of...[Khan]; however, no details of mental state examination have been provided," the notice read.

Can't fight goons: Vipul on lack of screens for 'Kerala...' in WB, TN.
Producer Vipul Shah spoke about the lack of screens for 'The Kerala Story' in West Bengal and Tamil Nadu. "We did whatever we could...We'd request...Supreme Court to take...action against these governments...Beyond this, we'll not be able to...fight with goons of these parties," Shah told DNA. He added these state governments are "helping [to] cover up exposé of...terror network".

Nobody should worry about Jadeja, he can do anything: Gavaskar.
Ex-India captain Sunil Gavaskar said nobody should worry about all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja's form, adding that he can do anything on the field. "He did the same in the IPL 2023 final as well, hitting a six and four on the last two deliveries," he stated. "I would give Jadeja another go [as CSK captain]," Gavaskar had earlier shared.

Mohit's comeback a story in itself, makes me emotional: Manjrekar.
Talking about GT pacer Mohit Sharma who picked 27 wickets in IPL 2023 having been a net bowler for GT in IPL 2022, commentator Sanjay Manjrekar said, "His comeback...was a story in itself." "When you see things like that, you get...emotional," added Manjrekar. Discussing Mohit's performances in IPL 2023, Virender Sehwag had tweeted, "He's another example of never give up."

I'll not compromise on issue of corruption: Congress' Sachin Pilot.
Congress leader Sachin Pilot on Wednesday said he will not compromise on the issue of corruption and with the future of youth. "I had said...in [a] meeting in Jaipur on May 15 that the corruption that took place during the BJP tenure in the state should be probed," he said. "Radical changes should be brought in RPSC," Pilot added.

PLD Space calls off test rocket launch over high altitude winds.
Spanish startup PLD Space called off the test launch of its first suborbital reusable rocket scheduled for Wednesday citing strong high-altitude winds. The company said it intended to try again in the coming days. The launch from a military aerospace research centre in Huelva, southern Spain, would have been the first in Western Europe by a private company.

BBMP prepared to tackle flooding in Bengaluru: Civic body official.
Chief Commissioner of Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) Tushar Giri Nath on Tuesday said all the civic body machinery have been prepared to tackle the rains and floods in the city. "This massive, elaborate and meticulous preparation comes following the directions from Deputy CM DK Shivakumar on Monday," a statement by BBMP quoted Giri Nath saying.

Woman constable saves commuter trying to board moving train in Hyd.
A woman constable of Railway Protection Force (RPF) saved the life of a woman passenger who was trying to board a moving train at Hyderabad's Begumpet station. The video shows the constable, Kumari Sanita, rushing to help the passenger who was at risk of falling in the gap between the train and platform. RPF tweeted a video of the incident.

7 people arrested in Germany on suspicion of funding Islamic State.
As many as seven people have been arrested in Germany on suspicion of funding the Islamic State (IS) terror group. Police officers conducted a series of early-morning raids on Wednesday on 19 properties across the country, including Berlin. Those arrested hold German, Turkish, Moroccan and Kosovan citizenship, and are also accused of breaking export laws.

UK man who killed ex-partner after stalking her for 209 kms jailed.
A UK man has been sentenced to at least 29 years in prison for killing his ex-partner after stalking her for 130 miles (209 km) in May last year. A CCTV video has surfaced showing the man, Dennis Akpomedaye, following the victim, Anna Jedrkowiak. Akpomedaye reportedly stabbed Jedrkowiak several times and even tried to decapitate her after tracking her down.

1-yr-old dies as mother forgets her in parked car for 9 hrs in US.
A one-year-old girl died in US' Washington after she was locked inside a car for around nine hours. Her foster mother allegedly forgot the child inside the car while going to work at a local hospital. Upon completing her shift, she returned to the car and found the baby unconscious. She was rushed inside the hospital but couldn't be resuscitated.

Germany orders Russia to shut 4 of its 5 consulates.
Germany has ordered Russia to shut down four of its five consulates in the country. This comes after Russia put a limit on the number of German embassy and related organisations' staff, allowing only 350 German government officials in the country. The move aims to create a "parity of personnel and structures" between the two countries, German Foreign Ministry stated.

Govt appoints Ashwani Kumar as MD & CEO of UCO Bank.
The government has appointed Ashwani Kumar as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of UCO Bank for a period of three years. Kumar, who is currently the executive director of Indian Bank, will be replacing Soma Sankara Prasad, who is due to superannuate on May 31. Kumar earlier served as Chief General Manager of Punjab National Bank.

IndiGo shares rise 28% in 3 months, hit fresh 52-week high.
IndiGo parent InterGlobe Aviation's shares have risen 28% in three months and hit a fresh 52-week high recently. Rising market share, Go First's bankruptcy, capacity-related issues of SpiceJet, higher ticket prices, lower and stable fuel prices, rising air traffic and increasing presence in international sectors are among the reasons which led to the rise in share prices of IndiGo.

Stop blocking roads: CM to people in violence-hit Manipur.
Manipur CM N Biren Singh on Wednesday appealed to the people of the state not to cause roadblocks and hindrances on the free movement of security personnel and relief material. He said people are violating curfew restrictions at several locations. "Such roadblocks are increasing the hardships of our already traumatised people in relief camps," he added.

Astronomer’s ashes scattered above Earth after urn sent into space, video surfaces.
The ashes of an astronomer named Jason Mercer were scattered above Earth after his widow Claire Mercer sent urn into space through a private firm. Jason was killed in a road accident in the UK four years ago. "What choked me...is...he had to die to get the trip into space...he would've loved it while he was alive," Claire said.

Some water was sent to Mohit for some strange reason: Gavaskar on GT in last over.
Ex-India captain Sunil Gavaskar has questioned GT's tactics in the last over of the IPL 2023 final against CSK bowled by Mohit Sharma. "He bowled first three-four deliveries absolutely brilliantly...Then some water was sent to him for some strange reason. Then, Hardik Pandya came and spoke to him," Gavaskar stated, suggesting that it affected Mohit's rhythm.

Science, Arts most popular streams over last 10 years, Commerce stagnated: Govt.
Science and Arts have been the most popular streams among students over the last 10 years, a Ministry of Education study revealed. Commerce has stagnated with only 14% of students opting for it. "Only 2% of students in Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Telangana opt for Arts but in Tripura and Gujarat, over 82% of students choose Arts," it added.

Harassment accused WFI chief Brij thinks medals come for ₹15: INC.
Congress leader Deepender S Hooda on Wednesday said that WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh, who has been accused of sexual harassment, thinks that medals come for ₹15. He further said that Congress and the country will give as much money to Singh on the condition that he'll buy an Olympic medal and show them.

Nasser Hussain names his combined India-Australia Test XI ahead of WTC final.
Ahead of the World Test Championship (WTC) final between India and Australia, former England captain Nasser Hussain named his combined India-Australia XI. Nasser included four Indians (Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, Ravichandran Ashwin and Mohammad Shami) in the XI and named Rohit as captain. He included Australia's Alex Carey as the wicketkeeper.

Congress shares 'missing' poster of Smriti Irani; she responds.
Congress on Wednesday shared a 'missing' poster of Union Minister Smriti Irani on social media. Irani responded to the post and said, "I have just left Sirsira village, Vidhan Sabha Salon, Lok Sabha Amethi towards Dhuranpur." She added, "If looking for former MP, please contact the US." The Amethi Lok Sabha constituency was earlier represented by Congress leader Rahul Gandhi.

Delhi sees best air quality from January to May since 2016: Centre.
Delhi recorded the best air quality in January to May period this year since 2016, barring the lockdown year of 2020, the Centre said. The average air quality index during this period this year was 213, while it was 237 during the corresponding period in 2022. Delhi recorded 184.3mm of pre-monsoon rain this year, which is 186% more than normal.

Gujarat woman stripped in public; estranged husband among 4 held.
A woman was allegedly stripped, abused and beaten in full public view by a group of persons, including her estranged husband, in Gujarat's Dahod district. The police arrested the woman's estranged husband along with three others after a video of the incident went viral. Her estranged husband was annoyed over her living separately from him and their four children.

School allegedly forcing girls including Hindus to wear hijab in MP, poster surfaces.
MP government has ordered a probe after a controversy erupted over the uniform of a private school in Damoh, with some claiming a part of it resembles hijab. It was alleged that a poster of the school showed girls wearing headscarves that looked like hijab. Hindu outfits alleged that the school is forcing Hindu girl students to wear a hijab.

Deloitte flags Adani Ports deals, cites 'insufficient disclosures'.
Adani Ports and SEZ auditor Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP has raised concerns over the company's transactions with three entities citing "insufficient disclosures". While the company said that they were unrelated parties, the auditor said it could not confirm that the parties were indeed unrelated. It signed off on the company's books only with what's called a "qualified opinion".

Was overconfident at 20, came to NSD with a swagger: Naseeruddin.
Naseeruddin Shah recalled that he was an overconfident 20-year-old when he joined National School of Drama (NSD). "I came to NSD with...swagger. I was from Aligarh university where I was the hero of the stage, the girls knew me," he shared. He recalled meeting late actor Om Puri during NSD, who he described as "introverted and insecure" person.

Pretty soon: Mel B on Spice Girls reunion with 'all five members'.
Mel B teased reunion of Spice Girls and assured that this time "all five" members, including Victoria Beckham, would mark their presence. Mel B told Sky News, "We're going to be doing some stuff...pretty soon, which is going to be announced." On possibility of Spice Girls tour, she replied, "There'll be - if I've got anything to do with it."

Russia to evacuate kids from border areas amid 'alarming' attacks.
Russia has said it would evacuate hundreds of children from border areas amid intensifying shelling in the Belgorod region, where it deems the situation "alarming". The first 300 children will be taken to Voronezh, a city around 250 kilometres further into Russia, an official said. The move comes after the recent drone strikes aimed at Russia's capital Moscow.

Wouldn't say it was overall career's best win: Conway on IPL 2023.
CSK opener Devon Conway said he doesn't consider CSK's triumph in IPL 2023 as the "greatest win" of his career, having earlier termed it as his career's greatest win. "[CSK's win in IPL 2023] is the best T20 victory of my career," added Conway. "It does not get bigger than the IPL final," Conway had earlier stated.

Conditions could be similar to that in India: Smith on WTC final.
Talking about the upcoming World Test Championship (WTC), Australia batter Steve Smith said, "The Oval can present...some spin occasionally particularly as the game wears on so we could face some...similarities to what we had in India." "There will be plenty of fans out there, probably more Indians than Australians," added Smith. "[It] should be an absolute cracker," he stated.

Minorities feel like 2nd-grade citizens in India: Priyank Kharge.
Congress leader and Karnataka minister Priyank Kharge on Wednesday said minorities including Dalits, tribals, SC/STs and other backward classes are feeling like second-grade citizens in India. "Don't you feel that minorities, Dalits and tribals are feeling insecure?" Kharge asked. This comes after Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's statements on alleged discrimination faced by Muslims in India.

Musk meets China Commerce Minister, talks about mutual cooperation.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk met China's Commerce Minister Wang Wentao on Wednesday, who promised to support the development of foreign firms. Wentao said Beijing will support long-term, stable development of foreign-invested enterprises in China, according to a ministry statement. Musk praised the potential of China's development and expressed a willingness to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation.

Half of SoftBank's Indian portfolio firms around breakeven: BofA.
A report by Bank of America has said that half of SoftBank's Indian portfolio companies are close to or above breakeven. These firms did a "good job" in cutting costs materially in the last 6-9 months amid a startup funding winter. Nearly 94% of SoftBank's investee firms have at least a 12-month cash runway by the end of March 2023.

North Korea's attempt to put its 1st spy satellite in space fails.
North Korea's attempt to put its first spy satellite in space on Wednesday ended in failure. Earlier, South Korea and Japan briefly urged residents to take shelter after the launch. The newly developed Chollima-1 rocket, which was carrying the Malligyong-1 spy satellite, fell into the sea after losing thrust due to the abnormal starting of the second-stage engine.

Woman dressed in husband's clothes kills mother-in-law in TN.
A woman aged 28, dressed in her husband's clothes, allegedly killed her 58-year-old mother-in-law after attacking her with a hard pipe in her home in Tamil Nadu's Tirunelveli on Monday. The victim was the wife of Thulukkankulam panchayat vice-president Shanmugavel. The accused initially claimed that unknown men had murdered her for her gold chain.

Video shows a stray dog attacking 4-year-old boy in Hyderabad.
A 4-year-old boy sustained injuries after he was attacked by a stray dog while he was playing outside his house in Hyderabad's Mehdipatnam. A video of the dog trying to bite the boy has surfaced online. The video also shows a passerby picking up a stick to drive the stray dog away from the boy.

Blackmail: Uganda on West's reaction to country's anti-gay law.
Uganda on Tuesday termed the West's reaction to its recently enacted anti-gay law "blackmail". The law states that a person can be sentenced to death if they engage in "aggravated homosexuality". US President Joe Biden had threatened aid cuts and other sanctions. EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell said the law would impact Uganda's ties with international partners.

13 of family die in Namibia after eating toxic porridge: Report.
Thirteen members of the same family in Namibia's Kavango East region died after reportedly eating a toxic porridge. Four others have been hospitalised in critical condition. At least 20 people consumed the porridge. Authorities believe the porridge became toxic after it was mixed with a fermented substance left over from a homemade beer.

US store owner fatally shoots teen on water theft suspicion.
A 14-year-old boy was shot in the back after a store owner falsely accused him of shoplifting in US' South Carolina, a sheriff said. The victim, identified as Cyrus Carmack-Belton, was reportedly shot while fleeing the store after keeping four bottles of water back in the store's fridge. The store owner, Rick Chow, has been charged with murder.

Patanjali Foods to take more cuts if prices continue to fall: CEO.
Patanjali Foods CEO Sanjeev Asthana said the company has taken two rounds of price cuts, both at MRP and operative price levels. "We have dropped prices substantially by ₹30-40/kg...The company is willing to undertake cuts further if prices continue their downward trend," he added. Patanjali Foods posted a 13% y-o-y rise in net profit at ₹264 crore for March quarter.

Ahmednagar to be renamed Ahilya Nagar: Maharashtra CM Shinde.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Eknath Shinde on Wednesday announced that Ahmednagar will be renamed Ahilya Nagar. The announcement was made on the 298th birth anniversary of Ahilyabai Holkar. Recently, the state government renamed Maharashtra's Aurangabad and Osmanabad as Chhatrapati Sambhaji Nagar and Dharashiv respectively.

Tennis star Muguruza gets engaged to fan who once asked her for selfie on street.
Two-time Grand Slam champion Garbiñe Muguruza has got engaged to a fan who once asked her for a selfie on a street in New York City. Sharing a picture following her engagement with Arthur Borges, she wrote, "You had me at 'Hello'." She had met Arthur for the first time while taking a walk in New York in 2021.

Who is Utkarsha Pawar, CSK batter Ruturaj Gaikwad's wife-to-be?.
CSK batter Ruturaj Gaikwad will get married to his fiancée Utkarsha Amar Pawar reportedly in the first week of June. Utkarsha is also a cricketer and she was born in Pune in 1998. She is a fast bowler and last represented Maharashtra in 2021. She is also a student of Institute of Nutrition and Fitness Sciences (INFS), Pune.

Alexa to stop talking in celeb voices, including Bachchan's.
Amazon will no longer offer celebrity voices for its virtual assistant Alexa. The voices of celebrities including Amitabh Bachchan, Samuel L Jackson, Shaquille O'Neal, and Melissa McCarthy are no longer available for purchase and Amazon will also stop supporting them on Alexa devices. "After three years, we’re winding down celebrity voices," an Amazon spokesperson told The Verge.

What's happening to Muslims happened to Dalits in 80s: Rahul in US.
In a video that surfaced online of a speech of his in the US, Rahul Gandhi said what's happening to Muslims in India right now happened to the Dalits in the 80s. Rahul said that atrocities are felt strongly by the Muslims as they're done directly against them, adding that Christians, Sikhs and the poor in India feel the same.

Congress used Muslims like chewing gum and chewed them: Naqvi.
BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Wednesday said that Congress used Muslims like chewing gum and chewed them. He was responding to Rahul's statement in the US, in which he criticised the BJP government. "Congress is still living in the delusion that India is Indira and Congress is country," he said, adding that PM made Muslims partners in inclusive development.

Underwater volcano discovered in Barents Sea; pic released.
Scientists in Norway have discovered the second-ever mud volcano found within Norwegian waters. Discovered in the Barents Sea, a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean, it rests inside a crater 300 metres wide and 25 metres deep. It's most likely the result of a natural blowout that abruptly released massive methane just after the last glaciation period, 18,000 years ago.

Don't take steps that may cause harm: Anurag Thakur to wrestlers.
A day after protesting wrestlers threatened to immerse their medals in river Ganga, Union Sports Minister Anurag Thakur asked them not to take any steps that may cause harm to the sport or aspiring wrestlers. "The wrestlers should wait for Delhi Police to conclude their investigation," Thakur said. "We all are in favour of the sport and sportspersons," Thakur added.

SEBI cancels Karvy Stock Broking's registration.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) cancelled the certificate of registration of Karvy Stock Broking through an order issued on May 31. The SEBI had banned the stock broking company and its promoters from the market for seven years through its order issued on April 28, 2023. This was done for various violations including misappropriation of clients' securities.

Akash Ambani, Shloka Mehta blessed with a baby girl.
Reliance Jio's Chairman Akash Ambani and his wife Shloka Mehta were blessed with a baby girl on Wednesday. A few days back, the couple was spotted visiting Siddhivinayak temple with Mukesh Ambani to seek blessings, pictures of which had surfaced online. Akash and Shloka were blessed with their first child, a son, in December 2020.

I'll learn language if script is good: Aamir on doing Punjabi film.
Actor Aamir Khan said that while Punjabi isn't his first language, he'd love to do a Punjabi film. He said if he likes a script, he'd even learn the language. "Stars back then, like Yusuf sahab (Dilip Kumar)...Raj Kapoor...spoke in Punjabi...For us, it'd be a little bit of effort," Aamir shared and expressed his desire to do a comedy film.

Kamal Haasan approached to play antagonist in 'Project K': Report.
Actor Kamal Haasan has reportedly been approached to play Project K's antagonist. "Talks have been initiated with Kamal sir...It'll take another week or two for us to get...clarity on whether he's accepted the offer or not," a source said. The source further revealed that there's no truth to the reports that Kamal is being offered ₹150 crore for the film.

Video shows half-smoked cigar by Churchill that's up for auction.
Sir Winston Churchill's cigar, which will be auctioned in June, is estimated to fetch around £600 to £900. Churchill had given a half-smoked cigar to Hugh Stonehewer-Bird, the consul general in Morocco, after a dinner party in 1944. He kept the cigar in a glass jar until his death in 1973. It was looked after by Hugh's family later.

Ukraine's use of nuclear components no radiological threat: IAEA.
Global nuclear safety body IAEA's chief Rafael Grossi has said that Ukraine's use of nuclear components, including ammunition with depleted uranium, amid its ongoing war with Russia does not pose an immediate radiological threat. UK Minister James Heappey had confirmed in April that Britain has sent thousands of shells for Challenger 2 tanks, including depleted-uranium rounds, to Ukraine.

Drones hit 2 oil refineries near Russia's Novorossiysk: Officials.
Drones hit two oil refineries around 65-80 km east of the Russian port city of Novorossiysk on Wednesday, sparking a fire in one of them, according to officials. This comes after recent drone strikes on Moscow, as well as the attacks on the Russian city of Belgorod. Separately, five people were killed in Ukraine's Luhansk in a shelling.

Sad as I couldn’t watch his 96 in IPL final live: Sai’s brother.
Sairam Sudharsan, the brother of GT batter Sai Sudharsan, who top-scored in the IPL 2023 final against CSK with 96(47), said he feels sad as he couldn't watch his brother's knock live. "Being in Australia and following IPL is one of the toughest things," added Sairam. "I get nervous and start sweating whenever Sai bats," he stated.

Chip business on track, no bigger plan with Glencore: Vedanta head.
Vedanta Chairman Anil Agarwal, in the company's first-ever townhall with shareholders, assured that plans for the semiconductor project are on track and assuaged debt-related concerns at the group level. He denied any plans for the sale of a promoter stake in Vedanta or any 'bigger plan' with Glencore. He also denied any interest in investing in the Indian Premier League.

Denmark PM delivers speech on AI partly written by ChatGPT.
Danish PM Mette Frederiksen delivered a speech in Parliament partly written using the artificial intelligence (AI) tool ChatGPT. "What I have just read here is not from me...Or any other human for that matter," Frederiksen said part-way into her speech to legislators, saying it was written by ChatGPT. She was talking about the revolutionary aspects and risks of AI.

He's the PM of 130 cr people: Owaisi on Parliament inauguration.
AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Wednesday criticised PM Narendra Modi over the inauguration of the new Parliament. "PM took people of only one religion inside the new Parliament building (during inauguration)," Owaisi said. "He should have taken people of all religions as he is the PM of 130 crore people of India and not only of Hindus," Owaisi further said.

Laughing gas causes nerve damage in teenagers, young adults: Study.
A study found that laughing gas can lead to nerve damage in young adults and teenagers. The research examined 119 hospitalised individuals who experienced neurological problems due to nitrous oxide. The most prevalent symptom was pins and needles in the extremities caused by damage to the spinal cord. Other symptoms included bladder and bowel issues, erectile dysfunction, and impaired balance.

3 new skeletons found at Pompeii archaeological site; video out.
During an excavation at the Pompeii archaeological site, three skeletons, believed to be of two adult women and a child, were discovered. A video showing the skeletons was shared by The Independent. Pompeii was devastated after the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD. The volcanic ash, however, made Pompeii one of the most well-preserved sites of the Roman era.

PM Modi to flag off Mumbai-Goa Vande Bharat Express on June 3.
In an effort to boost connectivity between Mumbai and Goa, PM Narendra Modi will flag off the Mumbai-Goa Vande Bharat Express through video conferencing on June 3. The inauguration ceremony will take place at Madgaon. The Chief Public Relations Officer of Konkan Railway, LK Verma, revealed that the train will depart from Goa at 10 am.

Myanmar journalist jailed for reporting anti-military protest.
Detained Burmese journalist Moh Moh Tun was given a ten-year sentence with hard labour by a military-controlled court in Myanmar on May 26. She was arrested in 2021 for reporting an anti-military protest. The International Federation of Journalists (IFJ) and its affiliate, the Myanmar Journalist Network (MJN), have condemned her imprisonment and demanded her immediate release.

JPMorgan builds new global unit to cater to ultra-wealthy.
JPMorgan Chase built a new global unit to cater to the ultra-wealthy and their investment firms. The unit, 23 Wall, was created just before the COVID-19 pandemic and is led by JPMorgan's Andy Cohen. It now includes about three dozen people in the US, Asia and Europe. It focuses on about 700 families worth more than $4.5 trillion, Cohen said.

Adani shares fall after SEBI consultation paper on FPI investments.
Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) released a consultation paper, seeking enhanced transparency measures for foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) amid the recent Adani-Hindenburg debacle. Following this, the shares of Adani Group's companies took a hit. SEBI is seeking to introduce a framework for imposing additional disclosure requirements on FPIs who meet specific objective criteria.

India's next decade will resemble China in 2007-11: Morgan Stanley.
Morgan Stanley in a report has said that India's next decade will resemble China in 2007-11. It has predicted that India will emerge as a key driver for Asia and drive a fifth of global growth in the next decade. The report has cited 10 big changes India has seen in the past nine years.

Siddaramaiah urges Maha CM to release water amid drinking water shortage.
Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah has written a letter to Maharashtra CM Eknath Shinde requesting him to immediately release water in Krishna and Bhima rivers amid shortage of drinking water in northern Karnataka. Siddaramaiah urged him to release 2.00 TMC of water from Warna/Koyna reservoir to the Krishna river. "Release 3.00 TMC of water from Ujjani Reservoir to Bhima river," he added.

'Pushpa 2' team meets with road accident, pics show damaged bus.
Artists of the upcoming film 'Pushpa 2: The Rule', starring Allu Arjun, were involved in a road accident. According to reports, a private bus collided with the bus carrying the 'Pushpa 2' artists in Narketpally, Nalgonda in Telangana. While some artists were seriously injured, others sustained minor injuries. The injured were transported to a nearby hospital for treatment.

Miss Universe Philippines Michelle comes out as bisexual, says 'attracted to all shapes'.
Miss Universe Philippines 2023 Michelle Marquez Dee has revealed she's bisexual. Speaking to MEGA magazine, Michelle said, "I'm attracted to all forms of beauty, all shapes and sizes." "Let's not let labels and stereotypes define...us...Rather, let's allow these...biases to...inspire us to own our narrative and become the unstoppable force we all are deep inside," she wrote on Instagram.

Who smashed most sixes in an innings in IPL 2023?.
GT's Shubman Gill and Rashid Khan smashed joint-most number of sixes in an innings in IPL 2023. Shubman slammed 10 sixes in an innings against MI on May 26, while Rashid slammed 10 sixes in an innings against MI on May 12. They're followed by CSK's Ruturaj Gaikwad, PBKS' Liam Livingstone and KKR's Venkatesh Iyer, who slammed nine sixes each.

Which are the world's top 10 airlines of 2023?.
Air New Zealand is the best airline of 2023, according to a list released by AirlineRatings.com. Qatar Airways ranks second, followed by Etihad Airways, Korean Air, Singapore Airlines, Qantas, Virgin Australia, EVA Air, Cathay Pacific, and Emirates. AirlineRatings.com examined aspects like major safety and government audits, airline fleet age, passenger reviews and profitability for the rankings.

Hindu side's plea on right to pray at Gyanvapi mosque maintainable: Allahabad HC.
The Allahabad High Court dismissed a petition filed by Anjuman Intezamia Masjid Committee challenging the civil suit filed by Hindu women seeking the right to worship deities inside Varanasi's Gyanvapi mosque. The high court held that the suit is maintainable, allowing the case to be continued in a Varanasi court. The Hindu side lawyer called it a big win.

India's GDP grows 6.1% in January-March, overall growth at 7.2% in FY23.
India’s gross domestic product (GDP) in the January-March quarter grew at 6.1% as compared to 4.4% in the previous quarter, government data released on Wednesday showed. The growth in real GDP during 2022-23 is estimated at 7.2% as compared to 9.1% in 2021-22, the government added.

2 men pose as customers to steal ₹2.15 lakh from petrol pump in MP.
Two men posed as customers and stole ₹2.15 lakh from a petrol pump on the Indore-Icchapur toll highway in Madhya Pradesh on Tuesday evening. A CCTV camera footage of the incident has surfaced online. One of them kept the pump staff busy, while the other sneaked into the manager's cabin to steal the money.

Govt approves world's largest food storage scheme in co-operative sector at ₹1 lakh crore.
Union Minister Anurag Thakur said that Cabinet has approved world's largest food storage scheme in the co-operative sector. He added, "This scheme will be implemented at the cost of ₹1 lakh crore. Under this scheme, a godown of a capacity of 2,000 tonnes will be constructed in every block." He further said an inter-ministerial committee will be formed for this.

Centre meets fiscal deficit target of 6.4% for FY23: Govt data.
Centre met its fiscal deficit target of 6.4% of GDP for FY23, Controller General of Accounts data showed. At ₹17.33 lakh crore, the fiscal deficit for FY23 amounted to 6.4% of the GDP aided by buoyant tax receipts and some fiscal headroom from lower payments. However, in absolute terms, it is lower than the revised estimate of ₹17.55 lakh crore.

Sara scolded her mother Amrita for buying towel worth ₹1600: Vicky.
Vicky Kaushal said that he once heard Sara Ali Khan fighting with her mother Amrita Singh. "When I asked what happened, she said, 'Mom doesn't use...brains. She bought a towel worth ₹1,600'," Vicky shared on 'The Kapil Sharma Show'. To her defence, Sara said, "Who buys...towel worth ₹1,600? Vanity van always has 2-3 towels, she could've used them."

Don’t intend to see 'The Kerala...', it's a dangerous trend: Shah.
Actor Naseeruddin Shah, in an interview, said that he doesn't intend to watch 'The Kerala Story'. Calling it a "dangerous trend", Naseeruddin said, "Worthwhile films like Bheed, Afwaah, Faraaz, all three collapsed. Nobody went to see them, but they are flocking to see The Kerala Story." "Muslim-hating is fashionable these days, even among educated people," he added.

Deepika taught dance, Ranbir pranked us: Kalki on 10 yrs of 'YJHD'.
As 'Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani' completed 10 years of its release, Kalki Koechlin recalled that Deepika Padukone used to teach them dance step that they couldn't follow, while Ranbir Kapoor would prank them. "Ayan Mukerji...always [asked] us uncomfortably personal questions that lead to the best conversations. Loved the memories we collected [during this film]," Kalki shared on Instagram.

S African Oppn pushes legal bid to arrest Putin during BRICS visit.
South African Opposition party, Democratic Alliance, said it'll take legal action seeking Russian President Vladimir Putin's arrest when he arrives to attend BRICS summit. This comes after South Africa provided diplomatic immunity to Putin despite it being a member country of the International Criminal Court (ICC). ICC had issued an arrest warrant for Putin for committing war crimes in Ukraine.

Legitimate to assassinate British politicians: Ex-Russia President.
Ex-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Russia can legitimately assassinate British politicians, accusing UK of leading an "undeclared war" against Moscow. He made the remarks after UK Foreign Secretary James Cleverly defended the recent drone attacks in Moscow, stating that Ukraine had right to "project force beyond its borders". UK recently supplied Storm Shadow long-range missiles to Ukraine.

K'taka to implement state education policy: Dy CM DK Shivakumar.
Karnataka Deputy CM DK Shivakumar on Wednesday said that the state won't follow the Centre's National Education Policy (NEP), instead the state will implement its own education policy. "We have come up with a manifesto, we won't implement NEP 2020," DK Shivakumar said. "Our policy will focus on sound education," Shivakumar further said.

Eden Gardens' facilities except ground horrible: Sivaramakrishnan.
Former India spinner Laxman Sivaramakrishnan took to Twitter to state that Kolkata's Eden Gardens has the worst commentary box, adding that the toilets "stink like crazy". "The facilities apart from the ground are horrible," added Sivaramakrishnan. Eden Gardens and Mumbai's Wankhede stadium recently won an award for being the best venues of IPL 2023, following the conclusion of the tournament.

Video shows goals scored by Mourinho's Roma before Europa final.
UEFA have shared a video which shows every goal scored by Serie A side Roma in 2022/23 edition of Europa League, before their upcoming final in the same edition against Sevilla. Roma are managed by ex-Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho who'll be leading a side in his sixth European final. He hasn't suffered a defeat in a European final so far.

Copycat architect: Congress' Digvijaya on new Parliament's design.
Congress leader Digvijaya Singh shared a tweet of TMC MP Jawhar Sircar in which he alleged that new Parliament building has the same design as Somalia's old Parliament. "Can you believe it! Somalia's rejected Parliament building is [PM Modi's] inspiration!" he said. "Full marks to you Jawhar Sircar...Please recover ₹230 crore from your copycat architect," Singh tweeted.

Is this new India, where POCSO doesn't apply to WFI chief: Sibal.
Rajya Sabha MP Kapil Sibal on Wednesday criticised the Centre over the issue of allegations of sexual harassment levelled by women wrestlers against WFI president Brij Bhushan Singh. "Brij Bhushan Singh: Does application of POCSO and immediate arrest after 164 statements apply to all accused other than Brij Bhushan because he...belongs to BJP. Is this my new India," Sibal tweeted.

PM Modi offers prayers at Brahma temple in Rajasthan's Ajmer.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday offered prayers at the Brahma temple in Rajasthan's Ajmer district. PM Modi later went to address a public rally in Kayad Vishram Sthali on Jaipur Road. At the rally, PM Modi criticised the ruling government in the state and said, "Congress' strategy has been to trick the poor."

Milk tanker carrying 1,182 litres of liquor seized in Bihar.
Police in Bihar's Purnea on Tuesday seized a milk tanker allegedly carrying liquor, police said. Acting on a tip-off, police seized a huge quantity of Indian-Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) on NH-57 from a tanker allegedly belonging to Sudha dairy. Police also seized 1,182 litres of Indian-Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) apart from 48 empty plastic milk crates.

Film artist cheated of ₹5.97 lakh in part-time job scam in Mumbai.
A 39-year-old film artist from Mumbai was allegedly cheated of ₹5.97 lakh in an online part-time job scam. According to the FIR, the victim received a message on Telegram. In multiple instances, the accused asked him to pay money and later credited money to his account. By the time the victim realised, he had paid ₹5.97 lakh to the accused.

Zimbabwe summons US deputy envoy over 'election meddling’ tweets.
Zimbabwe's Foreign Ministry has summoned the US Deputy Ambassador over a series of tweets the embassy sent, calling for a peaceful election in the African country. The ministry accused the embassy of "election-related social media posts bordering on activism and meddling in Zimbabwe's internal affairs". A tweet urging people to register to vote was against diplomatic protocols, it added.

Trump calls ex-press secy ‘Milktoast’ over false poll reporting.
Former US President Donald Trump called his ex-Press Secretary and Fox News anchor Kayleigh McEnany "Milktoast", while incorrectly spelling milquetoast. This came after McEnany claimed that Republican Ron DeSantis is gaining on Trump in GOP presidential primary polls. "I'm 34 points up on DeSanctimonious, not 25 up," Trump wrote on Truth Social. She served as Trump's fourth press secretary.

Was target of voter suppression by China: Canadian politician.
Ex-Canadian Conservative Party leader Erin O'Toole has claimed that he was the target of "a sophisticated misinformation and voter suppression campaign orchestrated" by China before and during the 2021 federal elections. His remarks come amid reports of foreign interference in Canada's electoral process. Canadian PM Justin Trudeau earlier appointed an official to probe the claims.

India's core industries growth moderates to 3.5% in April YoY.
India's growth in eight core infrastructure industries moderated to 3.5% in April year-on-year after hitting a five-month low of 3.6% in March, data from the Ministry of Commerce & Industry showed. It also eased from 9.5% growth a year earlier. The production of fertilisers, steel, cement and coal surged in April 2023 over the corresponding month of last year.

Singer Sia reveals her autism diagnosis.
Australia's 47-year-old singer-songwriter Sia revealed she's been diagnosed with autism. This comes two years after she apologised for her depiction of autism in the film 'Music'. "I've felt like for 45 years...'I've got to go put my human suit on'," the 'Cheap Thrills' singer said, while adding, "Only in the last two years have I become fully myself."

How did MS Dhoni perform in IPL 2023 as compared to other seasons?.
MS Dhoni, who mostly came to bat down the order in IPL 2023, scored 104 runs in IPL 2023, the lowest number of runs he has scored in an IPL season. However, his strike-rate in IPL 2023 was 182.46, his best strike-rate in a season. Dhoni also executed three stumpings, the most for him in last four seasons.

Emotional drama, won't be hanged by throwing medals in Ganga: Brij.
Terming the intense protests by wrestlers as "emotional drama", WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh has said there's no evidence against him. He said the wrestlers want to immerse their medals in the Ganga over the government's inaction against him, adding that he won't be hanged even if the wrestlers throw away their medals in the Ganga.

Book man who gave identity of minor complainant against Brij: DCW.
DCW has written to the Delhi Police demanding an FIR against a man who allegedly revealed the identity of a minor complainant in the sexual harassment case against WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh. The accused had allegedly released a video on social media, in which he, while claiming to be the complainant's uncle, revealed the identity of the minor girl.

Kosovo Olympic Committee accuses Djokovic of raising tension between Serbia and Kosovo.
The Kosovo Olympic Committee has accused Novak Djokovic of raising the level of tension and violence between Serbia and Kosovo following his remarks at French Open 2023. The committee has urged IOC to investigate by opening disciplinary proceedings against him. Following his first-round win at French Open 2023, Djokovic wrote on the camera lens, "Kosovo is the heart of Serbia."

No govt communication on not pursuing Vedanta's chip plan: MoS IT.
Responding to reports of the government planning to deny funding for billionaire Anil Agarwal's semiconductor venture, Minister of State for IT Rajeev Chandrasekhar told CNBC-TV18 that there's no communication from the government that it isn't pursuing Vedanta's 28nm fab proposal. He added that Vedanta is trying to locate technology for a 28nm fab and it's still a work in progress.

China begins drilling 10,000-metre deep hole into Earth's crust.
Chinese scientists have begun drilling a 10,000-metre hole into the Earth's crust. Drilling for the borehole, which is set to be China's deepest-ever, started in the country's oil-rich Xinjiang region on Tuesday, according to China's official Xinhua News Agency. The narrow shaft into the ground will penetrate more than 10 continental strata or layers of rock.

Newlyweds among 4 burnt alive as car catches fire after hitting a tree in MP.
As many as four people, including a recently married couple, were burnt alive in Madhya Pradesh after their car crashed into a tree on Wednesday, police said. A video showing the car engulfed in flames surfaced online. The four were returning from a wedding ceremony around six in the morning. All of them died on the spot.

Woman pours hot water on man as he marries another woman in B'luru.
Angry with her estranged boyfriend's marriage to another woman, a woman allegedly poured hot water on him and hit him with beer bottles in Bengaluru. The victim had distanced himself from the accused upon learning she secretly got married a couple of years ago. Even as they rekindled, the victim got married to another woman, which enraged the accused.

Rare Indian mouse deer spotted in Chhattisgarh's Kanger National Park.
A rare Indian mouse deer or spotted Chevrotain was seen in the Kanger Valley National Park in Chhattisgarh. Out of 12 deer species found in India, the mouse deer is one of the smallest ones, said park director Dhammshil Ganvir. He said the animal faces threat due to poaching and it hasn't been studied much because of its nocturnal nature.

Topic isn't over: Vipul on The Kerala Story's 32,000 women claim.
Producer Vipul Shah has said that the topic of 'The Kerala Story' makers claiming the film is about 32,000 women "is not completely over". "We will address it, don't worry," he added. "The hearing was only about the ban...There was this argument about...this...32,000 number and the...court decided to hear that matter on a later date," he further said.

Make it with right facts: Netaji's grand nephew on 'Swatantrya...'.
Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's grand nephew Chandra Kumar Bose said that if the makers of 'Swatantrya Veer Savarkar' make the biopic with correct facts, he and the audience would happily watch and appreciate the film. "Netaji's and Savarkar's ideologies were very different...If you'd distort the history, the people of our nation would go against the film," he said.

Shah Rukh is humble, has no air of his superstardom: Boman Irani.
Actor Boman Irani has said actor Shah Rukh Khan is very humble and has no air of his superstardom. "It doesn't feel like he's this big big star, he's like a brother. He treats everybody so well...every time I work with [him], I feel like a happier and younger person," he added. The two will be seen together in 'Dunki'.

Wish someone had guts to kick the guy: Sonu on Delhi girl's murder.
Sonu Sood reacted on the 16-year-old girl's murder in Delhi. "Wish someone had...guts to kick that guy...who stabbed an unfortunate 16-year-old...in Delhi. Being a spectator and ignoring the crime happening around...is such a cowardly act," he tweeted. Sood added, "Parents lost their daughter not because some Sahil stabbed their daughter [but] because no one came forward to save her."

First IIT in Tanzania to open in October 2023.
In October 2023, the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) will open its first overseas campus in Tanzania. The campus, named IIT Madras at Zanzibar, will enrol 50 undergraduate and 20 master's students. It will be one of the three international campuses of the IIT, with two others being opened in Abu Dhabi and Kuala Lumpur.

World no.59 shuttler Kiran beats world no.9 Shi in Thailand Open.
Indian badminton player Kiran George, who's ranked 59th in world rankings, defeated China's Shi Yuqi who's ranked ninth, in Thailand Open's round of 32 stage. George recorded a 21-18, 22-20 win. "George was battling a tough patch since Odisha Open Super 100 having not won anything. He was low on confidence for last 4-5 months," stated George's coach Sagar Chopda.

Bharat over Kishan for WTC final is no brainer: Ex-India selector.
Former India selector Sarandeep Singh has said that picking KS Bharat over Ishan Kishan as the wicketkeeper for the WTC final against Australia in England is a no brainer. "Bharat is a proper Test match wicketkeeper and we saw that against Australia at home," Singh stated. He added Kishan is an opener and "things will be different at number six".

Want to play in IPL but don't think it's for everyone: Labuschagne.
Australia batter Marnus Labuschagne said that he wants to play in the IPL but he doesn't think "that is for everyone". "There's a small margin of players that can go down that path and the unfortunate thing about that path is it drops off very quickly," he stated. Labuschagne has played one T20I so far.

Used to treat protesting wrestlers as my kids: Brij Bhushan.
WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh said that he used to treat the protesting wrestlers as his kids and he used his "blood and sweat" to make them successful. "Few days back, they used to call me 'God of wrestling'...India's position in wrestling was low but after I took over, it improved and went up to top five," he added.

Volkswagen won't join China discount battle 'at any price': COO.
Volkswagen COO Ralf Brandstaetter has said the automaker will not participate in a discount battle in China "at any price". "Volkswagen is focusing on a sustainable business model...Our market position is strong enough. For us, the focus is on profitability, not sales volume or market share," he added. The firm aspires to be the biggest international carmaker in China.

Researchers find 4,000-year-old plague DNA in Britain.
Scientists have discovered the oldest evidence of the plague in Britain. They found 4,000-year-old DNA of Yersinia pestis, the bacteria that causes the plague, in human remains from two burial sites in Somerset and Cumbria. While the plague had been present in Eurasia during Late Neolithic and Bronze Age, this finding suggests its first occurrence in Britain during that period.

Haridwar-bound bus falls 20 metre below road, 2 killed & 4 injured.
A roadways bus fell 20 metres below the main road in Haridwar on Wednesday, killing a 10-month-old child and the bus conductor. Four people were seriously injured in the accident of the bus that was on its way to Haridwar from Rupahiya. All the injured persons have been admitted to a hospital.

India transformed in 9 years, different from 2013: Morgan Stanley.
Morgan Stanley Research in a report titled 'India Equity Strategy and Economics: How India Has Transformed in Less than a Decade' highlighted 10 changes India has undergone in past nine years. "This India is different from what it was in 2013. In a short span of 10 years, India has gained positions...with significant positive consequences," the report said.

China blames US 'provocation' for South China Sea jet incident.
China blamed US "provocation" for an incident last week when a Chinese plane crossed in front of an American surveillance aircraft over the South China Sea. China urged Washington to "immediately stop...dangerous provocations". A video released by US military showed a Chinese fighter plane crossing in front of the American aircraft, which can be seen shaking from the resulting turbulence.

Missing German climber's body found near Kanchenjunga peak.
German mountaineer Luis Stitzinger's body has been found on Kanchenjunga, the world's third-highest mountain, expedition organisers said on Wednesday. The 54-year-old had reached the summit of Kanchenjunga on May 25 without supplemental oxygen but then lost contact. A search team of five Nepali guides found Stitzinger's body just below the peak at about 8,400 metres.

Acute food insecurity in Pak likely to rise in coming months: UN.
According to a new United Nations report, acute food insecurity is likely to rise in Pakistan in the coming months if its economic and political turmoil intensifies. The report covers the period from June to November 2023. Pakistan will have to repay $77.5 billion of external debt between April 2023 and June 2026, the report added.

Vietnam turns off street lights to save energy during heatwave.
In response to increased electricity demand amid heatwave, authorities in Vietnam's capital Hanoi are switching off street lights to save energy. Other cities have also reduced public lighting to alleviate the strain on the national power system. Last week, the country urged citizens to save electricity by turning off devices when not in use and keeping air-conditioning temperatures above 26°C.

K'taka to implement all of Congress' 5 poll promises: Siddaramaiah.
Following a pre-Cabinet meeting, Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah has announced that the state government will implement all the five promises made by Congress ahead of state Assembly elections. The five guarantees included 200 units of free electricity to all households, 10 kgs of rice/person each month to BPL families and free bus tickets for women in the state, among others.

MS Dhoni may be admitted to Kokilaben Ambani Hospital for series of tests on knee: Report.
CSK captain MS Dhoni, who has been nursing a knee injury, might be admitted to Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital in Mumbai for series of tests later this week, as per a report. Dhoni was seen limping several times across IPL 2023. During the lap of honour at Chepauk Stadium, Dhoni was seen walking with ice bag tied on his knee.

It was a huge blunder: Anil Kumble on India not picking Ambati Rayudu for 2019 World Cup.
Ex-India captain Anil Kumble said Ambati Rayudu should've been picked in India's 2019 World Cup squad. "It was a huge blunder. You prepared him...for so long and his name just disappears from...squad," he added. All-rounder Vijay Shankar was selected instead of Rayudu. Justifying Shankar's inclusion, the then chief selector MSK Prasad had said the all-rounder is "three-dimensional".

Rajesh Gopinathan steps down as TCS CEO today, K Krithivasan to take over.
Rajesh Gopinathan will step down as TCS CEO and MD on Wednesday after his two-decade-long journey with the IT firm. "It has been an absolute privilege to lead our company in the last six years," he said in a farewell letter to employees. Krithi Krithivasan, Global Head of TCS' BFSI vertical, will take over as TCS CEO on June 1.

Aus PM called PM Modi 'the boss', Rahul couldn't digest that: BJP.
BJP leader Anurag Thakur has said that Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, who is on a visit to the US, couldn't digest it when Australian PM Anthony Albanese called PM Narendra Modi "the boss". "I think if you sat PM Modi down next to God, he'd start explaining to God how the universe works," Rahul said at the University of California.

Stretch of Hindon river in Noida turns red, pic surfaces.
A stretch of Hindon river in Noida has turned red, with a picture surfacing online. Sewage and industrial waste continues to be discharged into the river, which led to the colour. There are several illegal dyeing units active in the area. The Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board said it has asked for power connection to illegal dyeing units be cut.

Khalistanis raise slogans at Rahul's US event, video surfaces.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, while addressing Indians in San Francisco, was interrupted by a group of Khalistani supporters who raised slogans. In a video that surfaced online showed Rahul pausing for a while and saying, "Nafrat ke bazaar main mohabbat ki dukan." He added, "Congress has affection for everybody and will listen to everyone regardless of what they are saying."

Nepal PM arrives in Delhi on 1st int'l visit since assuming office.
Nepal's PM Pushpa Kamal Dahal 'Prachanda' has arrived at Delhi's IGI Airport for his four-day visit to India on Wednesday. He was welcomed by Union Minister Meenakashi Lekhi. During his visit, Dahal will meet PM Narendra Modi and also pay a courtesy call to President Droupadi Murmu. This is Dahal's first international visit since he assumed office in December 2022.

4 of a family killed as their scooty dragged for 100 metres by SUV in Lucknow.
Four people of a family including two children were killed after being struck and dragged by a high-speed SUV for 100 metres in Lucknow, police said. Witnesses alleged that the car driver didn't stop despite realising that the scooty was trapped under it and sparks were coming out due to the dragging of the two wheeler.

Aspiring model accuses Ranchi man of raping her, forcing to convert religion; case filed.
A case has been registered against a man from Ranchi for allegedly raping an aspiring model and pressurising her to convert religion. The man, identified as Tanveer Akhtar, reportedly sent her pictures to her family. She said he lied to her about his name and after watching 'The Kerala Story', she got the courage to register a complaint against him.

Australia cancels Khalistan referendum event over security risks.
Sydney Masonic Centre has called off a Khalistan referendum event scheduled to take place on June 4 citing security risks and threats to community. "Masonic Centre has...cancelled this booking as it's in conflict with adopted Masonic policy and due to risks to Masonic staff, assets and...the public which cannot be practicably mitigated," a spokesperson of the centre said.

I'd be worried if my daughter would want to be in B'wood: Mandana.
Mandana Karimi shared that she'd be "worried" if her daughter would want to be in Bollywood. "I tried to find good people to work with [in Bollywood]...Unfortunately...I didn't have that many of [amazing people to work with]," she said. Mandana added, "I had people who were...disrespectful, they treat you like, 'She doesn't have support, we can do whatever we want'."

Want people to talk about Brahmāstra, but they discuss YJHD: Ayan.
Director Ayan Mukerji took to Instagram to mark the 10 years of his 2013 film 'Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani'. Calling it his "second child", Ayan wrote, "Making this movie was one of the greatest joys of my life!" Ayan added, "I've...had people...come up to me...and I'm thinking they will say something about Brahmāstra, [but]...they started talking about YJHD!"

Mouth was full of clay since 3rd game: Medvedev on 1st round loss.
Discussing his defeat in the first round of French Open 2023 against world number 172 Thiago Wild, world number two tennis player Daniil Medvedev said his mouth was full of clay since "probably the third game". "I don't like clay. I don't know if people like eating clay," added Medvedev. "Every time...clay court season finishes, I am happy," he stated.

Pvt astronaut crew with 1st Arab woman in orbit returns from ISS.
An all-private astronaut crew of two Americans and two Saudi nationals, including the first Arab woman sent into orbit, returned safely from International Space Station on Tuesday. The SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule carrying them parachuted into the Gulf of Mexico off the Florida coast after a 12-hour return flight. The crew was led by 63-year-old retired NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson.

Will Babita sit with those who exploited her family members: Irani.
Union Minister Smriti Irani said that wrestler-turned-BJP leader Babita Phogat was not supporting the protesting wrestlers because the protest includes people who exploited her family members. "Do you think a world-famous wrestler like her will sit with such people?" she added. "I want to know why Opposition leaders want to deprive wrestlers of fair and impartial probe," she added.

Nothing wrong in what Rahul Gandhi said in US: Sanjay Raut.
Shiv Sena (UBT) leader Sanjay Raut on Wednesday said that there is nothing wrong in what Rahul Gandhi said in the US. "Rahul Gandhi has raised the issue of unemployment, terrorism and economy," Raut said. Criticising the BJP government at the Centre, Raut said, "You have completed nine years of government, but you should come and address the media."

Jinnah's spirit enters Rahul when he's abroad: BJP leader Naqvi.
BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi has reacted to Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's statements in US, saying that he believes that "either the spirit of Jinnah or Al Qaeda's thoughts enter Rahul's body" when he's abroad. He added that he'd suggest Rahul to come back to India and get an "exorcism" done. He also called Rahul an "international trader of hate".

Will end automatic citizenship for illegal immigrants' kids: Trump.
Ex-US President Donald Trump has said he will end automatic citizenship for children of illegal immigrants born in the country if re-elected as president in 2024. Trump has vowed to issue an executive order but it'd pose legal challenges as the right to citizenship at birth is enshrined in US' Constitution. Trump had promised to limit birthright citizenship in 2018.

Woman pours hot water on divorce-seeking husband, jailed in S'pore.
A woman has been sentenced to eight months in prison in Singapore for throwing hot water on her husband for wanting divorce. The husband reportedly wanted divorce because he felt his wife was too possessive. The 29-year-old Indonesian woman, Rahimah, told the court on Tuesday that she was regretful, adding that she hopes to be reunited with the victim.

Need to build new geopolitical order: Maduro at S American summit.
Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro, who visited Brazil for the first time in several years to attend South American summit, said there's a need to build new geopolitical order. Eleven presidents and a government official from Peru met in Brasília to discuss issues including climate change and inflation. The previous Union of South American Nations started in 2008 but became defunct.

Earthquake of magnitude 6.2 hits New Zealand, no tsunami warning.
An earthquake of 6.2 magnitude hit New Zealand's southern coast, near the mostly uninhabited Auckland Islands, the US Geological Survey reported on Wednesday. According to New Zealand's GeoNet monitoring agency, the epicentre of the earthquake was 33 km below the earth's surface. No immediate warning for tsunami has been issued.

US-China issues won't be resolved by yelling at each other: Dimon.
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said the US and China need to have "real engagement" to resolve tricky security and trade matters between them. "You're not going to fix these things if you are just sitting across the Pacific yelling at each other," Dimon said. "Let's not try to decouple. Let's not try to hurt China...Chinese people," he added.

Former US First Lady Rosalynn Carter diagnosed with dementia.
Former First Lady Rosalynn Carter has been diagnosed with dementia, her family announced on Tuesday, three months after her husband, former President Jimmy Carter, entered hospice care at the family's home in Georgia. The 95-year-old Rosalynn continues to live happily at home with her husband, the family said in a statement. Jimmy, 98, is US' longest-living former President.

Ex-aide to 1MDB fugitive Jho Low dies weeks after questioning.
Kee Kok Thiam, a former aide to Malaysian fugitive Jho Low wanted for his role in the 1MDB corruption scandal, has died weeks after being questioned by Malaysian authorities on Low's whereabouts. Kee died of a "sudden massive stroke" in a hospital on Monday. He was earlier repatriated to Malaysia from Macau after five years on the run.

Indian agency to certify top shipper of Russian oil: Report.
An Indian agency will provide safety certification for most of Gatik Ship Management's fleet, a major carrier of Russian oil to India, records showed. This development follows Lloyd's Register and the American Bureau of Shipping withdrawing classification for many of its vessels. India, which doesn't recognise sanctions on Russia, has become the biggest buyer of seaborne Russian crude.

You are warned: TCS to employees not working 12 days from office in a month.
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is sending memos to employees who aren't working at least 12 days from the office in a month, according to a memo seen by TOI. "You are warned and directed to start reporting to work from your office location," the memo read. "It's important for employees to experience the TCS environment," TCS said in a statement.

Atrocities felt strongly by Muslims as they're done directly against them: Rahul in US.
While answering a question in the US on security threat to Muslims in India, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said the atrocities are felt more strongly by Muslims as they're done directly against them. He added that Christians, Sikhs, Dalits and tribals also feel the same thing. "You cannot cut hatred with hatred...We have to fight it with affection," Rahul added.

Video shows Elizabeth Holmes walking into US jail for 11-year sentence.
Former biotech billionaire Elizabeth Holmes turned herself into a prison in Texas, US to begin her 11-year sentence for the blood-testing scam at her now-defunct startup, Theranos. Holmes was directed into the prison by staff just minutes before a court-imposed deadline of 2 pm on Tuesday. A federal appeals court rejected her bid to remain out of prison this month.

Man kills daughter by stabbing her 25 times in Surat, incident caught on camera.
A video showing a man killing his daughter by stabbing her around 25 times during a domestic dispute in Surat has surfaced online. The video also shows the man injuring his wife. The CCTV footage capturing the incident has been widely shared on social media, while authorities continue their investigation into the case.

3 terrorists apprehended in J&K's Poonch; narcotics & IED seized.
Three terrorists were apprehended by the Indian Army and the Jammu and Kashmir Police at Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch as they tried to cross the fence, PRO Defence said. A soldier was injured in the subsequent firing, it added. Weapons, narcotics and an IED weighing around 10 kg were recovered. Army Bomb Disposal Squad later diffused the IED.

Mandatory for OTT platforms to display anti-tobacco warnings: Govt.
The Union Health Ministry notified new rules making it mandatory for OTT platforms, like Netflix, Amazon Prime, etc, to carry anti-tobacco warning messages. They have to display anti-tobacco health spots for a minimum of thirty seconds each at the beginning and middle of the programme. Strict action will be taken if the rules are not followed, the notification read.

Air New Zealand to weigh passengers before they board flights.
Air New Zealand will weigh passengers throughout June before they board their flight. According to Air New Zealand, it is an "essential" initiative to ensure "the safe and efficient operation of the aircraft". "We want to reassure our customers there is no visible display anywhere. No one can see your weight – not even us. It's completely anonymous," it said.

Govt shares graph comparing India's base corporate tax with other countries.
The government has shared a graph comparing India's base corporate tax with other countries. "With its competitive tax rates, India stands out as an attractive business destination. Not only does it match its global peers, but it goes a step further! Taxes for new manufacturing firms are at their lowest, marking India as an ideal spot for manufacturing," government said.

My career died 3 times, they destroyed me after Ra.One: Anubhav.
Filmmaker Anubhav Sinha, in an interview, said that his career has "died three times by now". "After Tum Bin...I died. Then I made Dus...I was called two-film wonder and I died. Then I made Ra.One, no one understood the film," he said. "They destroyed me in 2011. If I was a weak man I would have killed myself," Anubhav added.

Dad said 'Don't come crying': Addhyayan on decision to do 'Haal..'.
Actor Addhyayan Summan said his actor-father Shekhar Suman had warned him against doing the film 'Haal-e-Dil'. "[He said] 'But if you do it, remember one thing from today and now onwards, do not come crying to me...because all...decisions are going to be yours'," Addhyayan added. Addhyayan further said he later told Shekhar he only had five scenes in the movie.

Met her 1st time: Vicky on proposing to Katrina as joke at event.
While talking about the viral clip from an award function, where he can be seen proposing to his now wife Katrina Kaif, actor Vicky Kaushal said that he was asked to propose to every actress who came on stage. "The clip that got famous featured Katrina but it was our first meeting," the 'Uri: The Surgical Strike' actor added.

Aamir performs bhangra during 'Carry on...' event, video surfaces.
Actor Aamir Khan performed bhangra during the trailer launch of 'Carry on Jatta 3'. A video of him dancing surfaced online. In the video, Aamir can be seen trying to match his steps to other dancers on the beats of the dhol. Several dancers in costumes can be seen dancing around him.

Kohli's intensity while training drags others for ride: Hazlewood.
Australia cricketer Josh Hazlewood, while talking about his RCB teammate Virat Kohli's fitness, said Kohli comes for training first and leaves last. "The intensity [with which] he trains at all the time is at such a high level it drags everyone else along for the ride," Hazlewood stated. India and Australia will play the WTC final from June 7.

Video shows Lekhi running towards car on being asked about wrestlers.
Congress has shared a video of Union Minister Meenakashi Lekhi apparently running towards her car as she is questioned by a reporter about the wrestlers' protest. In the video, Lekhi can be heard saying "legal process is going on" in her reply to the reporter and "chalo, chalo, chalo". The incident reportedly took place before the wrestlers went to Haridwar.

Centre to deny funds for $19-bn Vedanta chip venture: Report.
Centre is poised to deny funding for chip venture worth around $19 billion between billionaire Anil Agarwal's Vedanta and Apple supplier Foxconn, Bloomberg reported. Funding is being denied reportedly as Vedanta-Foxconn's application seeking billions in assistance hasn't met the criteria set by government. Their venture is still looking for a tech partner and a manufacturing-grade tech licence.

Govt to invite new applications for semiconductor mission: Rajeev.
Minister of State for IT Rajeev Chandrasekhar said India Semiconductor Mission will announce on Wednesday that it'll start accepting and considering new applications for fabrication from new and existing applicants. "First window for more expensive 28nm fabrication plants...received three applicants," Chandrasekhar said. "Strategy now is also encouraging mature nodes of over 40nm," he added.

Rahul mocked Tamil culture, disrespected Sengol in US: BJP.
BJP's Shehzad Poonawalla criticised Rahul Gandhi for calling PM Narendra Modi's Dandavat Pranam in front of Sengol as "lying down" and said that Rahul cares little for Indian way of showing respect. He called Rahul "entitled dynast" who mocked Tamil culture on foreign soil. "Aren't you happy that I am not lying down?" Rahul said during his address in US.

Rahul keeps insulting India during foreign visits: Anurag Thakur.
Union Minister Anurag Thakur criticised Rahul Gandhi, saying that he keeps insulting India during his foreign visits. "During PM Modi's foreign visit, the Australian PM called him 'the Boss' and maybe Rahul Gandhi couldn't digest that," he added. Thakur's remark came after Rahul addressed the Indian diaspora in California and said that BJP, RSS control all instruments of Indian politics.

Pune man climbs flyover's side wall in protest against tehsildar.
A man climbed the side wall of a flyover in Pune in a protest demanding action against the Junnar Tehsildar. Videos of the incident showing the man on the side wall and a crowd gathered in the area have surfaced online. In a video, the man can be seen being rescued by the fire brigade as the crowd applauded.

Sahil planned 16-yr-old girlfriend's murder for 3 days: Police.
Sahil was planning the murder of his 16-year-old girlfriend in Delhi's Shahbad Dairy area for over three days, police officers involved in the probe said. The accused, who had been stalking the girl, waited in the lane where one of the girl's friends lived and stabbed her when she came out from a public toilet, the police said.

7 Meghalaya villages declared infected with lumpy skin disease.
As many as seven villages in Meghalaya's Ri Bhoi and West Khasi Hills districts have been declared infected with lumpy skin disease after it was detected in the cows there, according to officials. The officials added that 20 cows have also died in Shillong and samples have been sent for testing to ascertain if the deaths were due to disease.

Govt teacher shows obscene videos to kids at H'yana school; booked.
A government teacher has been booked for allegedly showing obscene videos to minor students on his phone on the school's premises in Haryana's Panchkula. The students claimed that the accused would offer them chocolates before showing them the videos. Several people had held a protest on Monday and reportedly put a garland of slippers around accused's neck, police sources said.

NATO to send 700 more troops to Kosovo amid clashes with Serbs.
NATO has said it will send 700 additional troops to curb the violence in Kosovo a day after 30 NATO peacekeeping soldiers and over 50 ethnic Serbian protesters were injured in clashes. The clashes began after ethnic Albanian mayors took office in northern Kosovo following elections which were boycotted by the Serbs. NATO has 4,000 soldiers currently in Kosovo.

Want to protect kids: Sunak as he announces crackdown on vapes.
UK PM Rishi Sunak announced a new set of measures aimed at curbing underage vaping. "My daughters are 10 and 12...and I don't want the way vapes are marketed, promoted and sold to be attractive to them...That's why I'm launching a new crackdown...to protect children and go after...rogue companies and online crooks who're putting vapes into their hands," he said.

Ukraine drone strikes on Moscow aimed at scaring Russians: Putin.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has responded to Tuesday's drone attacks on Moscow, accusing Ukraine of trying to "frighten Russians". He added that civilians were targeted in the attack, but air defences dealt satisfactorily with the threat. Putin said the attack had been a response to what he described as a Russian attack on Ukraine's military intelligence HQ in recent days.

Why the f**k are you allowing drones: Wagner head on Moscow attack.
Russia's mercenary arm Wagner's chief Yevgeny Prigozhin reacted to the drone attack on Moscow on Tuesday allegedly carried out by Ukraine. "Why the f**k are you allowing these drones to fly to Moscow? Who gives a s**t...they're flying to your homes...Let your houses burn," said Prigozhin. "I'm angry and I upset bureaucrats who have a great life," he added.

Few branches limit ₹2,000-note exchange for non-account holders.
Few private bank branches have reportedly placed a limit on the number of ₹2,000 notes that non-account holders can exchange. At an HDFC Bank branch in Delhi, non-account holders faced a limit of ₹10,000 for exchanging ₹2,000 notes. "This is being done to ensure account holders of our bank aren't at a disadvantage," a bank official told Moneycontrol.

Bihar to recruit 1.7 lakh teachers, forms available from June 15.
Bihar Deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav has said that the state government has issued a notification for the recruitment of 1,70,461 teachers. As per the notification, online forms will be available from June 15 and the last date to apply is July 12. He added that detailed information is available on the Bihar Public Service Commission website.

Balkar Singh, Gurmeet Singh Khudian take oath as Punjab ministers.
Aam Aadmi Party MLAs Balkar Singh and Gurmeet Singh Khudian on Wednesday took oath as cabinet ministers in Punjab. Earlier, Dr Inderbir Singh Nijjar tendered his resignation from the Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann-led cabinet citing personal reasons. Khudian had defeated SAD patriarch and late Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal from the Lambi constituency last year.

Hyderabad pub owner, 6 others arrested for displaying exotic pets.
The owner of a pub in Hyderabad's Jubilee Hills was arrested along with six others for allegedly putting on display exotic wildlife species for a 'Wild Night' event. The owner, Vinay Reddy, had displayed the exotic species at his club without permission. The action comes after police and forest department officials began an inquiry following a social media user's complaint.

Singer DaniLeigh arrested for drunk driving and hit-and-run in US.
Singer DaniLeigh was arrested for drunk driving and hit-and-run in US' Florida on Tuesday. DaniLeigh allegedly hit a man on a moped while driving a car under the influence of alcohol, according to a police report. According to Miami-Dade Corrections & Rehabilitation, she was later released on a $9,500 bond.

What is Manhattanhenge, the phenomenon that occurs in New York?.
Manhattanhenge, the phenomenon that occurs in New York, is when the sun lines up perfectly with Manhattan skyscrapers, which were built on the city's street grid layout. The term was coined by native New Yorker and astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson. The phenomenon occurred on Tuesday evening.

Sports Minister disrespected us: Wrestler Vinesh Phogat amid protests.
Wrestler Vinesh Phogat, who has been protesting against sexual harassment accused WFI chief Brij Bhushan, said Sports Minister Anurag Thakur disrespected them. "His attitude is like 'I'm the Sports Minister, you've to listen to what I say'. When victims of sexual harassment told their stories to him, he looked them in the eye and asked for proof," she added.

Rahul waits for 2 hrs for immigration at US airport, says 'I'm no longer an MP'.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi waited for two hours for immigration at San Francisco airport in the United States, party member Praveen Chakravarty said. While he waited, several people who travelled with him on same flight clicked selfies with him. When they asked why he was standing in a queue, he replied, "I'm a common man...I am no longer an MP."

Day before retirement, SPG chief re-hired on contract basis.
Special Protection Group (SPG) Director Arun Kumar Sinha was re-employed by Centre on Tuesday on a contract basis, just a day before he was to retire. Sinha, a Kerala cadre IPS of 1987 batch, was re-hired as Director, SPG in the rank and pay of DG, for one year on usual terms and conditions applicable to re-employed Central government officers.

It meant respect: Abhishek on viral memes on his 'Paatal Lok' role.
Actor Abhishek Banerjee has reacted to viral memes about his character from 'Paatal Lok'. He said that he used to think that memes are only for fun but when 'Hathoda Tyagi' memes went viral, he understood that it meant respect. Banerjee added that his mother did not like the role of Hathoda and said, "What are you doing?"

I was clear my saree won't come off: Raveena on 'Tip Tip Barsa...'.
Actress Raveena Tandon has revealed the conditions that she had before shooting the song 'Tip Tip Barsa Paani'. "I was very clear that my saree will not come off...there [will] be no kissing, there [will] be no nothing," she said, adding, "So, there were a lot of cross marks rather than tick marks on that song."

Found Karishma hungrier than others during Scoop's casting: Hansal.
While talking about casting Karishma Tanna and Harman Baweja for 'Scoop', director Hansal Mehta said he found the actress "hungrier" than other accomplished actors who auditioned for the part. "I didn't want intellectual baggage," Hansal added. "With Harman...he'd actually given up on acting...I really had to work on Harman because his previous acting stints left him in...despair," he said.

I was scared Shahid will marry a girl he liked in school: Rajesh.
Actor Rajesh Khattar, who was married to Shahid Kapoor's mother Neliima Azeem, said that he was like a "father figure" to Shahid for 11 years. Recalling an incident from Shahid's childhood when he liked a girl in school, Rajesh said, "He got her photo and placed it at home...I was so scared...I thought he was going to marry her."

Video shows Beyoncé fans pushing past security at London concert.
A video that surfaced on social media showed fans of Beyoncé entering Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and pushing past security guards ahead of the singer's Renaissance Tour's opening gig in London. Beyoncé's eldest daughter Blue Ivy Carter joined her on stage in London. Celebrities including Beyoncé's husband Jay-Z, Frank Ocean, Dua Lipa and Kris Jenner were seen at the concert.

Sara offers prayers at Ujjain's Mahakal Temple, video surfaces.
Actress Sara Ali Khan on Wednesday offered prayers at the Mahakaleshwar Temple in Madhya Pradesh's Ujjain. A video showing her offering prayers at the temple surfaced online. Khan also participated in the 'Bhasma Aarti' ritual. For the Aarti, she wore a pink saree. Reports said that the 'Love Aaj Kal 2' actress also performed the Jalabhishek.

Wasn't easy to fall in ice cold water for ring: Kunaal on 'Yeh..'.
While speaking about 'Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani', actor Kunaal Roy Kapur said that it was not easy for him to fall into ice cold water to fetch the ring. "It was really cold and we shot...that scene at night," he recalled. Kapur also remembered dance sequence with actress Evelyn Sharma and said they tried coming up with "crazy steps".

Russia puts Ukraine's top generals on wanted list amid war.
Russia's Interior Ministry has put Ukraine's top generals on a "wanted list", the state-run RIA news agency said on Tuesday. The list includes Ukrainian Army Commander-in-Chief Valery Zaluzhny and Colonel General Oleksandr Syrskyi, commander of Ukraine's ground forces. Deputy Ukrainian Defence Minister Hanna Maliar dismissed the listings as a failed attempt by Russia to demoralise pro-Kyiv forces.

Will be brave call if Ashwin, Jadeja play in WTC final: Karthik.
Veteran cricketer Dinesh Karthik has said it will be a "very brave call" if India decide to include spinners R Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja in the WTC final against Australia in England. "The conditions will dictate whether they're going to go in with two spinners," Karthik stated. The WTC final will begin from June 7.

Europa League final vs Sevilla historic: AS Roma manager Mourinho.
AS Roma manager Jose Mourinho, ahead of the Europa League final against Sevilla on Wednesday, said it is "almost normal" for Sevilla to play the final while for them it is "something historic". "They have the experience that we don't have, but we deserve to play this final," Mourinho stated. Sevilla have won the title six times.

Will not look back on TV: Medvedev on loss vs world no. 172 Thiago.
Discussing his loss against world number 172 Thiago Seyboth Wild in the first round of French Open 2023, world number 2 Daniil Medvedev said, "I’m not going to look at it back on TV." Medvedev stated Seyboth will be in top 30 in world rankings by year-end if he plays like this. Seyboth defeated Medvedev 7-6(5), 6-7(6), 2-6, 6-3, 6-4.

BJP, RSS controlling all instruments of our politics: Rahul in US.
Addressing a gathering of the Indian diaspora in US, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said that RSS and BJP are controlling all the instruments of politics in India. "Prior to 'Bharat Jodo Yatra', we were finding that the normal tools that we used for politics, like holding conversations with people and having public meetings, were not working in India," Rahul added.

Musk, China Industry Minister hold talks on 'new energy vehicles'.
Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Chinese Industry Minister Jin Zhuanglong held talks on "new energy vehicles" on Wednesday, the country's IT Ministry said. The two "exchanged views on the development of new energy vehicles and intelligent connected vehicles", the ministry said. Musk, after meeting with Foreign Minister Qin Gang, said he's willing to continue to expand business in China.

NIA raids 25 locations in 3 states in PFI Phulwari Sharif case.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) is conducting raids at 25 locations in Karnataka, Kerala and Bihar in connection with the Popular Front of India (PFI) Phulwari Sharif case. The case is related to the involvement of PFI leaders and cadres, who'd assembled in Patna's Phulwari Sharif area, in unlawful activities. A few people were arrested in the case earlier.

US encouraging 'Ukrainian terrorists': Russia after Moscow attack.
Russia's envoy to US, Anatoly Antonov, said the US is encouraging Ukraine by publicly ignoring Tuesday's drone attack on Moscow. The White House said it didn't support attacks inside of Russia and was still gathering information on the incident. "What are these attempts to hide behind the phrase...they're 'gathering information'?...This is an encouragement for Ukrainian terrorists," Antonov added.

US urged not to use bomb-grade uranium in nuclear power experiment.
Former US State Department and nuclear regulatory officials urged US Energy Department to reconsider a plan to use bomb-grade uranium in a nuclear power experiment. The experiment, in which over 600 kg of fuel containing 93% enriched uranium will be used, could give other countries an excuse to enrich uranium to bomb-grade level in pursuit of new reactors, officials warned.

Indian-origin ex-CFO accused of stealing $35 mn pleads not guilty.
Nevin Shetty, the 39-year-old Indian-origin ex-CFO of Seattle-based startup Fabric, has pleaded not guilty to siphoning $35 million from the startup to invest in a crypto venture. Shetty lost the money he siphoned due to last year's crypto market crash, according to a federal indictment. Shetty had transferred the money to a crypto platform he controlled as a side business.

ED arrests Abhishek Banerjee's aide in teachers' recruitment scam.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has arrested TMC National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee's aide SK Bhadra in connection with the alleged teachers' recruitment scam case. Bhadra, alias 'Kalighat er Kaku', was arrested after being questioned for about 12 hours. Earlier, CBI had summoned Banerjee for questioning in the case. ED had also conducted raids at Bhadra's house earlier.

Hair colour & heat can damage your hair, here’s a solution: Minimalist.
Minimalist has launched its range of Clinical Hair Solutions with their Patent Pending Maleic Bond Repair technology, revealing, it is a unique combination of Maleic-Acid, Transglutaminase & Amino Acids that repairs damaged hair & makes them stronger. This technology comes as a trio including a serum, shampoo & mask that is clinically proven to increase hair's tensile strength, they added.

82-year-old actor Al Pacino expecting 1st child with 29-year-old girlfriend.
Al Pacino is expecting a child with girlfriend Noor Alfallah, who is eight months pregnant. The Oscar-winning actor, 82, and Alfallah, 29, are expecting their first child together, the actor's representative confirmed to TMZ on Tuesday. Al Pacino already has three children with two different women.

Ranveer Singh signs with Hollywood talent agency WME.
Actor Ranveer Singh has signed with Hollywood talent agency William Morris Endeavor (WME) for global representation, Deadline reported. The agency represents Alia Bhatt, Adarsh Gourav, Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Hollywood actors including Ben Affleck, Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale and Jennifer Garner. Ranveer will next be seen in Karan Johar's 'Rocky Aur Rani Kii Prem Kahaani'.

What can I do: WFI chief on wrestlers' decision to throw medals.
Reacting to wrestlers' call to throw their medals in Ganga, WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh said that they went to throw it in water but gave it to Naresh Tikait, however, it's their call and he can't do anything about it. On question of his arrest, Singh said, "If there's any truth to the charges, an arrest will be made."

20-year-old Indian student Asmi Jain wins Apple Swift Student Challenge.
A 20-year-old Indian student has won the Apple Swift Student Challenge. Asmi Jain's friend's uncle was left with eye misalignment after a brain surgery. "Jain sprung into action, designing her winning playground to track a user's eye movements as they try to follow a ball moving around the screen. The playground's purpose is to help strengthen eye muscles," Apple said.

If you sat PM next to God, he'd explain him how universe works: Rahul in US.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, who landed in the US, said India is being run by people who are convinced they know everything. "I think if you sat PM Modi down next to God, he'd start explaining to God how universe works," he said at University of California. He thanked Indian diaspora for "holding up the Indian flag in the US".

PM to launch BJP's month-long 'Maha Jansampark' campaign today.
PM Narendra Modi will launch BJP's month-long 'Maha Jansampark' campaign in Rajasthan's Ajmer today to reach out to every voter in the 543 Lok Sabha constituencies ahead of 2024 elections. During the pan-India campaign, over 51 rallies, public meetings at over 500 places and over 600 press conferences will take place. Moreover, five lakh distinguished families will also be contacted.

Knew about Sahil, asked her to focus on studies: Father of 16-yr-old killed in Delhi.
The father of the 16-year-old girl killed by a 20-year-old man in Delhi's Shahbad Dairy said in an FIR that he knew about her relationship with accused Sahil and asked her to focus on her studies. "Whenever we tried to convince her to leave Sahil...she used to fight with us and leave the house after getting upset," he said.

Man does push-ups on moving car in Gurugram, case filed after video surfaces.
One person was detained over an incident where one man did push-ups on top of a moving car in Gurugram. Two videos surfaced online, one of which showed a man doing push-ups while three others stuck their heads out through the car windows. Another clip shows a man purportedly drinking liquor. The car's owner was fined ₹6,500, traffic police said.

Out-of-control wildfires seen in Canada in viral video; people call it 'apocalyptic'.
Wildfires burning through the Canadian province of Nova Scotia have destroyed several houses and forced more than 16,000 people to evacuate their homes. The wildfires, which have been deemed ''out of control'' by officials, have destroyed at least 200 buildings. Reacting to a video of the wildfires, a Twitter user wrote, "Apocalyptic scenes in Nova Scotia."

Chinese jet carries out 'aggressive manoeuvre' near US plane.
The US military on Tuesday said that a Chinese fighter jet flew aggressively close to a US reconnaissance aircraft over the South China Sea. "The Chinese pilot flew directly in front of the nose of the RC-135, forcing the U.S. aircraft to fly through its wake turbulence," it added. The manoeuvre by the Chinese aircraft took place on May 26.

S Korea releases photos of salvaged N Korea spy satellite debris.
South Korea's military released images of part of North Korea's first spy satellite that reportedly crashed soon after launch on Wednesday due to a rocket failure. The images showed a large barrel-like metal structure with some thin pipes and wires at the bottom, which South Korea's military said it salvaged in waters 200 kilometres west of Eocheong Island.

Goldman Sachs plans to cut 250 jobs in fresh layoff round: Report.
Goldman Sachs is planning to cut under 250 jobs in coming weeks in a fresh layoff round, Reuters reported. The layoffs could be spread across seniority levels and include partners and managing directors as the bank has kept budgets tight this year. Goldman Sachs had fired about 3,200 employees earlier this year in biggest layoff round since 2008 financial crisis.

Why haven't you invited me to your show, I'm a fan: Aamir to Kapil.
Actor Aamir Khan has said that he is a huge fan of comedian Kapil Sharma. "He has made so many of my evenings colourful," Aamir added. "He is so entertaining that I called him a few weeks back to thank him...But I [want to] ask you something...why haven't you ever invited me to your show?" the '3 Idiots' actor asked.

My wife Vandana is friends with her: Rajesh on 1st wife Neliima.
Actor Rajesh Khattar has said that he is 100 per cent in touch with his first wife Neliima Azeem. "Vandana [Sajnani] (Rajesh's second wife) and Neliima are good friends. They are also in touch with each other," he added. He also said that his relationship with Neliima had started with friendship.

Al Hilal interested in signing Messi, Benzema this summer: Reports.
Saudi Pro League club Al Hilal are reportedly interested in signing PSG forward Lionel Messi and Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema in the summer transfer window. The contracts of the players are set to expire in June 2023. Messi, reportedly has offers from Barcelona and Inter Miami this summer. Al Hilal are currently third on the points table.

Plenty of cricket left in Rahane, has a point to prove: Gavaskar.
Talking about Ajinkya Rahane, former India cricketer Sunil Gavaskar said Rahane will be "crucial" for Team India in the WTC final against Australia which will be played from June 7. "I do believe he has a point to prove, I still feel he has got plenty of cricket left in him and this is a wonderful opportunity," Gavaskar stated.

Govt saving 1 man: Naresh as wrestlers halt plan to immerse medals.
After convincing wrestlers to not immerse their medals in River Ganga, farmer leader Naresh Tikait said that the "entire government is saving one man (WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh)". Naresh had taken medals from the wrestlers and sought a five-day time from them. "The daughters of our country are going through so much…they've dreams. What's happening is shameful," he added.

Gupshup out of unicorn club after Fidelity cuts valuation by 31.6%.
Gupshup has been knocked out of the unicorn club after one of the world's largest asset management companies, Fidelity, cut the valuation of its stake in the cloud-based chat development platform by 31.6%. Fidelity has cut Gupshup's valuation from $1.4 billion to $957 million as of March 31. Neuberger Berman, also a Gupshup investor, has not cut the startup's valuation.

Rainfall lashes parts of Delhi, brings down temperature.
Rainfall lashed parts of Delhi on Wednesday, bringing down temperature in the national capital. Meanwhile, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) issued yellow alert for Delhi till Wednesday and said that maximum temperature will be around 34 degrees Celsius on Wednesday and Thursday. Waterlogging was reported in some areas of Delhi on Tuesday, affecting traffic.

Acute food insecurity in Pak likely to worsen in coming months: UN.
According to a United Nations report, acute food insecurity in Pakistan is likely to deteriorate in the coming months if its economic and political crisis intensifies, compounding the effects of the 2022 floods. "The political crisis and civil unrest are likely to worsen ahead of general elections scheduled for October 2023, amid growing insecurity in...[country's] northwest," the report added.

Woman who accused Biden of sexual assault seeks Russia citizenship.
A woman who accused US President Joe Biden of sexual assault requested Russian citizenship from President Vladimir Putin. Tara Reade, who was a staffer for Biden when he was a US senator from Delaware, said she wanted to stay in Russia after a lawmaker warned her that her life was in danger. "I...promise to be a good citizen," she said.

N Korea's ballistic missile launch violates UN resolutions: Japan.
Japan said that North Korea's launch of a "ballistic missile" violates UN Security Council resolutions. "We cannot tolerate this kind of launch whether it is a satellite or anything else, as it violates UN resolutions," Japan's Defence Minister said. North Korean media reported its military spy satellite crashed into sea soon after launch as an "accident occurred" during its flight.

Giving Go First planes to lessors will spell airline's death: IRP.
If lessors are allowed to take Go First aircraft's possession, "that's the end of [the] airline", Harish Salve, who's representing the interim resolution professional (IRP), told the Delhi HC. "Airline is a very employment intensive industry. We have over 7,000 employees. My client has to take charge of all this," Salve said. "Ultimately, it's a question of money," he added.

Ravindra Jadeja changes Instagram DP in tribute to MS Dhoni.
CSK all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja changed his Instagram display picture (DP) in tribute to CSK captain MS Dhoni. He changed his DP to the picture showing Dhoni lifting him after IPL 2023 title win. Earlier, Jadeja had shared pictures of himself with Dhoni on social media, writing, "We did it for one and only MS Dhoni. Anything for Mahi bhai."

Who were the highest run-scorers in IPL 2023?.
GT opener Shubman Gill top-scored in IPL 2023 with 890 runs in 17 innings. Gill's tally of runs in IPL 2023 is the second-highest for any batter in an IPL season after Virat Kohli's 973 runs in IPL 2016. RCB captain Faf du Plessis was the second-highest run-scorer in IPL 2023, with 730 runs in 14 innings.

Wisden names its Best XI of IPL 2023, includes 4 players from GT.
Wisden has named its Best XI of IPL 2023, featuring four players from runners-up GT. RCB's Faf du Plessis and RR's Yashasvi Jaiswal have been named openers. They are followed by GT's Shubman Gill, MI's Suryakumar Yadav, SRH's Heinrich Klaasen, KKR's Rinku Singh, CSK's Ravindra Jadeja, GT's Rashid Khan, Mohammad Shami and Mohit Sharma, and CSK's Matheesha Pathirana.

Who were the highest wicket-takers in IPL 2023?.
The top-three wicket-takers in IPL 2023 all belonged to runners-up GT. Their fast bowler Mohammad Shami was the top wicket-taker with 28 scalps, followed by pacer Mohit Sharma (27 wickets) and leg-spinner Rashid Khan (27 wickets). MI's Piyush Chawla was the fourth-highest wicket-taker (22 wickets). RR's Yuzvendra Chahal and CSK's Tushar Deshpande took 21 wickets each.

UWW condemns detention of wrestlers, to suspend WFI if polls not held in 45 days.
International wrestling body United World Wrestling (UWW) has condemned the treatment meted out to protesting Indian wrestlers and their detention following a scuffle with police. "The events of these last days are...worrying," it said. The UWW also threatened to suspend the Wrestling Federation of India (WFI) if it fails to hold its election within the 45-day deadline.

Disgrace to India: Tharoor on wrestlers immersing medals in Ganga.
Congress leader Shashi Tharoor weighed in on the decision by protesting wrestlers to immerse their medals in the Ganga, saying it is a disgrace to the country. Tharoor said it's sad that athletes who have worked so hard and brought so many laurels to the country are being treated so badly. Notably, the wrestlers didn't immerse their medals on Tuesday.

Before Nvidia, which other US firms have hit the $1 tn m-cap?.
Nvidia has become the world's only ninth company to hit $1 trillion in market value after the chipmaker's shares continued to surge after a bumper earnings report on Tuesday. Other US companies to have achieved this milestone include Apple, Microsoft, Alphabet and Amazon. Nvidia has also become the first chipmaker to join the trillion-dollar club.

Amit Shah asks Kukis to maintain peace for 15 days in Manipur.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah, who is on a visit to violence-hit Manipur, met Kuki tribal leaders on Tuesday and assured them of a permanent political solution while asking them to maintain peace for 15 days. "As requested, we'll maintain peace. But we've to defend ourselves if we are being attacked," said Indigenous Tribal Leaders' Forum (ITLF) spokesperson Ginza Vualzong.

Theranos Founder Elizabeth Holmes begins 11-year jail term in US.
American former biotechnology entrepreneur Elizabeth Holmes began her 11-year prison sentence in the US on Tuesday for defrauding investors through her now-defunct blood-testing startup Theranos. The former billionaire was sentenced to over 11 years in prison and ordered to pay $452 million to investors. The 39-year-old Stanford dropout will reportedly be lodged in an all-female prison in Texas.

Kapurthala factory's target was 32 Vande Bharat trains in 2022-23, delivered 0.
Railways' Rail Coach Factory (RCF), Kapurthala, failed to deliver even one Vande Bharat train in 2022-23 against a projected target of 32, PTI reported citing documents accessed by it. Overall, the factory manufactured 1,478 coaches against a target of 1,885. Officials have said the production of Vande Bharat trains in the factory is likely to begin by September 2024.

India to host SCO Summit virtually on July 4, PM to chair meet.
India has decided to host the annual Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit in a virtual format on July 4, the Ministry of External Affairs said. The summit will be chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The in-person SCO summit took place in the Uzbek city of Samarkand last year.

Pakistan International Airlines plane seized by Malaysia over $4-million dues: Report.
A Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) Boeing 777 aircraft was seized by authorities in Malaysia over a lease dispute on Tuesday, a report said. The aircraft, acquired on lease from Malaysia, was seized at Kuala Lumpur International Airport over non-payment of dues worth $4 million, the report added. The plane was seized following a court order.

North Korea's 1st spy satellite crashes into sea.
North Korea launched a military spy satellite on Wednesday, but it crashed into the sea soon after as an "accident occurred" during its flight, state media said. The satellite launch rocket failed because of instability in the engine and fuel system, state news agency KCNA reported. The launch rocket was supposed to put North Korea's first spy satellite in orbit.

Adulting is hard, says Sonakshi as she shares pics of new house.
Sonakshi Sinha shared pictures in which she was seen setting up her new house in Mumbai. On Instagram, Sonakshi wrote about how adulting is hard. "Head is swirling with plants and pots and lights and mattresses and plates and cushions and chairs and tables, forks and spoons, sinks and bins...Doing up a house isn't easy," the actress captioned the post.

Shraddha calls me every year to thank me for 'Aashiqui 2': Mohit.
'Aashiqui 2' director Mohit Suri revealed that Shraddha Kapoor calls and messages him every year on the film's anniversary, and thanks him for the opportunity. "She feels 'Aashiqui 2' is the film which gave her prominence," he added. "Shraddha doesn't need to do this but she does this...and this shows the human being she is," said Mohit.

It hit me badly, I took my time to come out: Dipika on miscarriage.
Actress Dipika Kakar has revealed that when she suffered a miscarriage, it hit her very badly and that she took her time to come out of it. She recalled that her actor-husband Shoaib Ibrahim stood by her like a rock and her mother-in-law also supported her. "You can't get out of it alone, you need your family," she added.

Expected different years after Udaan but there was a pause: Rajat.
Actor Rajat Barmecha said that he had "expected different initial few years" after the release of 'Udaan' which, he said, did not happen. "There was a pause," he added. Rajat, however, said that the OTT space gave him stability. "That made me even more confident that I could be choosy as my film choices have been selective," Rajat said.

Rahane wasn't in thoughts but 61(27) vs MI sealed spot: Fleming.
Talking about CSK batter Ajinkya Rahane, CSK head coach Stephen Fleming said, "He wasn't in our...thoughts but the game in Mumbai [where he scored 61 off 27 vs MI] was really defining." "It was one of our best wins in IPL 2023 and he was the big catalyst behind it, so he cemented that number three spot," added Fleming.

MSD did coaching session with Conway, was almost comical: Fleming.
CSK head coach Stephen Fleming said MS Dhoni "did absolutely no" wicketkeeping practice during IPL 2023. "He tried doing...coaching session with Devon Conway who's an international keeper. It was almost comical when Dhoni was explaining what he does," added Fleming. Discussing Dhoni's stumping to dismiss Shubman Gill in IPL 2023 final, Fleming stated, "That was Dhoni at his best."

Video shows world no.2 Medvedev's defeat in French Open 1st round.
World number two tennis player Daniil Medvedev was seen getting knocked out of French Open 2023 following a defeat in first round against world number 172 Thiago Wild. French Open's YouTube channel shared a video showing Medvedev's 6-7, 7-6, 6-2, 3-6, 4-6 loss. Medvedev's the first second seed to lose in French Open's first round since Pete Sampras in 2000.

2nd all-private astronaut mission's crew heads back to Earth.
The four-member crew of Axiom Mission 2, the second all-private astronaut mission to International Space Station (ISS), is heading back to Earth in SpaceX's Dragon spacecraft. The spacecraft has undocked from ISS and is expected to splash down off the coast of Florida on Wednesday at around 8:30 am IST. The mission carried the first Saudi Arabian woman to space.

Japan urges India to rescind WTO appeal over IT tariffs: Report.
Japan has urged India to rescind its appeal against a WTO panel ruling that said the country's import duties on certain IT products violated global trading rules, PTI reported citing a Geneva-based official. The ruling was made after complaints regarding the matter were made by the EU, Japan and Taiwan. India appealed against the ruling last week.

China's H World Group sells minor stake in OYO for ₹75 cr: Reports.
Chinese hotel management company H World Group has sold a 0.15% stake in OYO for about ₹75 crore, PTI and The Economic Times reported. H World is now reportedly left with a stake worth ₹300 crore in OYO. The Chinese firm, which acquired a stake in OYO for $10 million in 2017, reportedly earned a 500% return on the sale.

Delhi Metro starts WhatsApp-based ticket service on Airport Line.
The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) on Tuesday launched a WhatsApp-based ticketing service on Airport Express Line. Commuters will have to add the DMRC's official WhatsApp number 9650855800 to their phone's contact list. A maximum of six QR code-based tickets can be generated for each passenger.

Alstom lowest bidder for 100 aluminium Vande Bharat trains: Report.
French railway firm Alstom has emerged as the lowest bidder for the ₹30,000-crore tender for manufacturing and maintenance of 100 aluminium body Vande Bharat trains, Moneycontrol said citing documents. It bid ₹151 crore per trainset and is looking to manufacture all 100 aluminium Vande Bharat rakes. The winning bidder will get ₹13,000 crore upon delivery.

MF sector safe, SEBI to step in if self-regulation not firm: Buch.
SEBI Chairperson Madhabi Puri Buch considers the mutual funds (MF) sector "safe", however, if Association of Mutual Funds in India fails to adopt robust self-regulation measures, SEBI will step in to ensure investor protection. She lauded AMFI for upholding high safety standards in the MF industry. AMFI should establish an ethics committee to take action against individuals engaging in misconduct.

Distorting history: Netaji's grandnephew on Veer Savarkar biopic.
The recently released trailer of 'Swatantrya Veer Savarkar' has claimed that he inspired freedom fighters like Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, Bhagat Singh and Khudiram Bose. Reacting to this, Netaji's grandnephew Chandra Kumar Bose said, "This (the film) is an attempt to distort history. It will pass on the wrong facts to today's generation."

Man compares Uber rates in B'luru to flight ticket prices, transport dept calls for notice.
Days after a screenshot displaying high Uber fares in Bengaluru went viral, Commissioner for Road Transport and Safety SN Siddaramappa on Tuesday directed the RTO to issue notice against the cab aggregator company. The officer called it "gross violation by imposing surge pricing". "Cab fare is dangerously close to what I paid for...flight ticket," the Twitter user had written.

Frozen frame of Dhoni with eyes closed displayed twice in last over, causes confusion.
A frozen frame of CSK captain MS Dhoni with his eyes closed was displayed at least twice in last over of IPL 2023 final. Several fans believed Dhoni closed his eyes ahead of last ball. The same frame was displayed after Jadeja scored winning runs, causing confusion. Exact point where Dhoni was sitting with his eyes closed couldn't be ascertained.

Who smashed the most sixes in IPL 2023 and who hit the most fours?.
RCB captain Faf du Plessis smashed the most number of sixes in IPL 2023 with 36 maximums. Meanwhile, GT opener Shubman Gill smashed the most fours (85). CSK's Shivam Dube hit the second-most number of sixes (35). Dube was followed by Gill, who slammed 33 sixes. RR opener Yashasvi Jaiswal slammed the second-most number of fours (82).

Restore peace or we'll return awards: Mirabai Chanu, 10 other Manipur athletes to Shah.
Eleven sports personalities from Manipur, including Olympic medal-winning weightlifter Saikhom Mirabai Chanu, have written to Home Minister Amit Shah, urging him to find a solution to the ongoing crisis in the state. "It is pertinent to mention that we shall surrender our awards if the Centre fails to take necessary action to restore peace in Manipur soon," the letter states.

What caused Nvidia's market value to hit $1 trillion?.
Nvidia's market value hit the $1 trillion mark as the chipmaker's shares continued to surge after a bumper earnings report. Known for its chips used in video games, Nvidia pivoted to the data centre market and its business rapidly expanded during the pandemic. Furthermore, Nvidia produces 80% of GPUs used in large computers that process data and power generative AI.

ONDC revises incentive programme, cuts discounting schemes.
The government-backed ﻿Open Network For Digital Commerce (ONDC)﻿ announced a revamped incentive programme ending the first phase of its discounting schemes. The revised incentives will come into effect from June 1, 2023 and succeed the programme rolled out first on January 30, 2023. The current phase of the programme will be live until June 28, 2023.

Lucknow woman becomes 1st female NCC cadet to finish advance mountaineering course.
Lucknow-based under officer Shalini Singh has become the first female NCC cadet in India to complete the advanced mountaineering course in the Himalayan region of Uttarakhand. Shalini, the 20-year-old cadet from 67 UP Battalion, began the month-long course on April 26 and scaled 15,400 feet through snow-covered mountains. "This victory is a product of my passion and efforts," Shalini said.

Man threatens to blow up Patna station as wife elopes with lover.
Upset with his wife for eloping with her lover, a man was arrested for threatening to blow up the Patna Junction railway station. A senior police official said that the accused made the threat in a fit of rage. An RPF official said that they launched an operation to check platforms, washrooms and passengers' baggage following the threat.

Will do my next film when I am emotionally ready: Aamir Khan.
Aamir Khan, who's yet to announce his next project after the release of 'Laal Singh Chaddha', said that he'll do his next film when he's "emotionally ready". "I'm doing less work these days and spending more time with...family," he added. Aamir is reportedly working on the remake of Spanish film 'Campeones'. He will serve as a producer on the project.

Big B saw Bhoot, said 'I almost felt like beating you up': RGV.
Ram Gopal Varma recalled that when Amitabh Bachchan saw 'Bhoot', he said that he "almost felt like beating" the director up. "[He said], 'I was hating myself thinking: Why the hell did I...see this?'," revealed Varma. The film's co-writer Sameer Sharma further said that initially Abhishek Bachchan was going to do 'Bhoot', which eventually went to Ajay Devgn.

Most A-list actresses work for free, offer other favours: Kangana.
Kangana Ranaut said that "most A-list actresses do films for free along with offering other favours" and then "shrewdly release articles that they're...highest paid". "They fear [that] roles will go to...right people," she wrote on Instagram Stories along with a clip of Priyanka Chopra talking about pay parity. "I was the first...to fight for pay parity," Kangana claimed.

Bloody Daddy designed in a way that it can be taken forward: Maker.
'Bloody Daddy' director Ali Abbas Zafar said that the action-thriller film, starring Shahid Kapoor, has been designed in a way that it can be taken forward. "We are going with that gut and we are hoping that this becomes bigger," he added. 'Bloody Daddy', also starring Sanjay Kapoor and Ronit Bose Roy, will release on June 9.

Russia won't negotiate: EU envoy as Kyiv seeks demilitarised zone.
A European Union (EU) diplomat has reacted to Ukraine's proposal seeking a post-war demilitarised zone, stating that Russia will not negotiate on the idea while trying to win the war. Ukraine floated the idea of a post-war demilitarised zone covering the Russian regions of Belgorod, Bryansk, Kursk and Rostov in order to protect adjacent territories in Ukraine.

French Open 2022 finalist Ruud beats Ymer in French Open 1st round.
Norwegian tennis player Casper Ruud, who reached the French Open final in 2022, defeated Swedish tennis player Elias Ymer 6-4, 6-3, 6-2 in the French Open 2023's first round. "Last year was incredible for me and I will try to do it again wherever I play," said Ruud. He was defeated by Rafael Nadal in the French Open 2022 final.

Messi was different during 2022 WC, he became a bad boy: Martinez.
Argentina goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez claims captain Lionel Messi transformed into a "bad boy" during their 2022 FIFA World Cup triumphant campaign. "This World Cup he was different. We are probably more aggressive...so he's probably becoming a little more like us - that bad boy," said Martinez. He added that after winning the World Cup, Messi has "completed football".

India has the squad to be No 1 Test side for next 3-4 yrs: Shastri.
Former India head coach Ravi Shastri attributed India's No 1 Test ranking to the "quality of players" in the squad. "It's a tribute to their consistency, their fitness, and the way they've worked...they're experienced, they're at that age where they're battle-hardened," said Shastri. He added that India has the team to remain at the top for the next "three-four years".

Thought I'll never play Test for England after knee injury: Woakes.
England fast bowler Chris Woakes said he started doubting his Test future after being sidelined following knee surgery. The all-rounder was sidelined from first-class cricket for more than a year and has not played a Test since March 2022. "Last summer was quite...tough...for me...there's always someone knocking on the door...ready to come in (to the team)," said Woakes.

UAE to land spacecraft on asteroid between Mars & Jupiter in 2034.
The UAE has announced its plans to explore the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. The nation's MBR Explorer will visit its first asteroid in 2030 and after passing six asteroids, the mission aims to touch down upon Justitia in 2034 with a small lander that will deploy from MBR Explorer. UAE plans to launch the mission in 2028.

Water vapour plume seen jetting from Saturn’s moon Enceladus: NASA.
Researchers have detected a water vapour plume jetting from Saturn's moon Enceladus using NASA's Webb telescope. "It was...so shocking to detect a water plume more than 20 times the size of the moon," NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center's Geronimo Villanueva said. The rate at which the vapour is gushing out is enough to fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool in hours.

Example of heinous brutality: CPI(M) on minor's murder in Delhi.
Reacting to the stabbing of a 16-year-old girl in Delhi, CPI(M) leader Brinda Karat said that the incident is an example of heinous brutality. "We urge that a strict punishment be given (to the accused) in accordance with...law," Karat said. The 16-year-old girl died after she was allegedly stabbed over 20 times by her 20-year-old boyfriend in Shahbad Dairy area.

SP leader Ramakant Yadav jailed for 4 months in 2019 assault case.
Samajwadi Party MLA and former MP Ramakant Yadav was sentenced to four months in jail by a court in Uttar Pradesh's Jaunpur on Tuesday in a 2019 assault case. The court imposed a fine of ₹7,000 on Yadav, a four-time MP. Yadav was sentenced in an incident of assault that occurred three and a half years ago in Jaunpur.

Resolve political crisis in line with rule of law: IMF to Pakistan.
Nathan Porter, IMF Mission Chief to Pakistan, said the international agency hopes that the current political crisis in the country is resolved "in line with the Constitution and rule of law". The remark reportedly comes after Pakistan PM Shehbaz Sharif contacted IMF MD Kristalina Georgieva to revive a $6.5-billion bailout package. Pakistan risks defaulting on debt without the package.

Kosovo PM dreams of being a Zelenskyy: Serbian Prez on clashes.
Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic, while reacting to the violent clashes in Kosovo, said Kosovo PM Albin Kurti's actions are responsible for the tensions in the region. Vucic stated that Kurti dreams of "being a Zelenskyy". Clashes broke out after ethnic Albanian mayors took office in northern Kosovo's Serb majority area after elections that the Serbs boycotted.

Sunak's grandfather aided Kenyan revolt against Britishers: Report.
UK PM Rishi Sunak's grandfather helped Kenyan nationalists organise a revolt against Britishers in the 1950s, a report claimed. It stated that Ramdas Sunak equipped Kenyan freedom fighters with guerrilla techniques while being on the British payroll. Notably, the UK government has paid £20 million in compensation to 5,000 Kenyans who were subjected to war crimes during British rule.

China fines over one lakh people under its anti-corruption drive.
During the first quarter of 2023, over 1,11,000 people in China were reportedly fined for corruption charges. The action was taken based on nearly 7,76,000 petitions and reports that were filed. Out of these, around 2,31,000 were found to be mere accusations. Notably, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection and the State Supervisory Commission fined over 1,00,000 officials.

Educomp Directors fined ₹1 cr, ₹1.1 cr for misleading investors.
Educomp Solutions' Directors Shantanu Prakash and Jagdish Prakash have been fined ₹1.1 crore and ₹1 crore each by SEBI for misleading investors. Shantanu has been barred from dealing in securities and from holding any directorial or key managerial personnel position in any listed company or intermediary registered with SEBI for five years, while Jagdish for a period of three years.

14-yr-old boy lynched by mob on theft suspicion in Maha, 2 minors critical.
A 14-year-old boy was allegedly beaten to death and two other minors sustained serious injuries after being attacked by a mob in Maharashtra's Parbhani. As per reports, the incident took place when the mob suspected that the minor boys were involved in a theft. So far, police have arrested nine persons in connection with the incident.

Kiara Advani buys Mercedes-Maybach worth ₹3 crore, pics surface.
Actress Kiara Advani bought a Mercedes-Maybach S 580 4MATIC worth nearly ₹3 crore. Kiara was seen making her way to a dubbing studio in Mumbai on Tuesday evening in her new luxury car, pictures and videos of which have surfaced online. The car was reportedly registered under her real name, Alia Advani, on May 26, 2023.

Deepak Chahar dances at 5 am in hotel lobby to celebrate CSK's IPL 2023 win.
CSK pacer Deepak Chahar's sister Malti took to Instagram to share video of her brother dancing at 5 am in hotel lobby to celebrate CSK's IPL 2023 win. In the video, Chahar can be seen dancing on beats of dhol. "[W]hat a season for our cherry!! @deepak_chahar9 from injuries to victory!! More love and power to you bro," she wrote.

I couldn't sleep: GT's Mohit on conceding 10 runs in last 2 balls in IPL 2023 final.
Talking about conceding 10 runs in last two deliveries against CSK in IPL 2023 final defeat, GT pacer Mohit Sharma said, "I couldn't sleep." He added, "I kept thinking what different I could've done so...we would've won...What if I could've bowled this...or that ball?" About the last delivery, he said, "Ball landed where it shouldn't have...Jadeja got his bat."

How many T20 titles has MS Dhoni won as captain?.
IPL 2023 is CSK skipper MS Dhoni's ninth T20 title win as captain. He won his first-ever T20 title in 2007, leading India to T20 World Cup 2007 win. He won IPL and CL T20 as captain in 2010. Other T20 tournaments he won as captain include IPL 2011, CL T20 2014, Asia Cup 2016, IPL 2018 and IPL 2021.

CSK organise special puja for IPL trophy at Tirupati temple in Chennai, pic surfaces.
CSK management organised special puja for IPL trophy at the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam (TTD) temple in Thyagaraya Nagar in Chennai on Tuesday. A picture of the same has surfaced on social media. CSK defeated GT on the last ball in the final to win their fifth IPL title. CSK equalled MI's record for winning most number of IPL titles (five).

New 'DogeRAT' malware targets Android users in India.
A new 'DogeRAT' malware is targeting Android users in India, cybersecurity firm CloudSEK reported. The malware targets victims by impersonating popular apps like YouTube, Netflix, Instagram and ChatGPT and gains access to call logs, audio recordings, text messages, media and photos. It can steal sensitive information such as contacts and banking credentials from devices.

BJP govt considers Manipur violence as 'adventure tourism': Moitra.
TMC's Mahua Moitra shared a picture of Union Home Minister Amit Shah's meeting with Manipur CM and other ministers over the ongoing violence in the state. She questioned Amit Shah's decision to include India Tourism Development Corporation, Chairman, Sambit Patra. "Is it because ultimately the BJP government considers the Manipur crisis as nothing more than adventure tourism?" she asked.

Shamelessness at its peak: Congress on MP govt's wedding scheme.
After condoms and birth control pills were found inside makeup boxes distributed among couples in Madhya Pradesh's Jhabua as part of the state government's wedding scheme, the Congress criticised the BJP. "Shamelessness at its peak in [Shivraj Singh Chouhan's] government," Madhya Pradesh Congress tweeted. The wedding event was organised under CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan's Kanya Vivah Yojana.

She abused my father: Woman who killed Delhi flatmate after party.
A 35-year-old woman was allegedly killed by her roommate after a party in Delhi's Majnu Ka Tila. A police official said that the two women got into a fight at a party as they were drunk. The accused informed the police during questioning that she stabbed the victim after she allegedly abused her late father.

Large tree branch falls on 3 men riding scooter after rainfall in Rajasthan.
A video has surfaced that shows a large tree branch falling on three men riding a scooter after rainfall in Rajasthan's Jodhpur. In the video, the men can be seen getting trapped under the tree branch when passersby immediately rush to help them. They were rescued and taken to a hospital and were discharged later.

10 flights diverted after heavy rains & thunderstorm lash Delhi.
As many as 10 flights were diverted after heavy rains and thunderstorm lashed Delhi on Tuesday. Nine of the flights were diverted to Jaipur while one flight was diverted to Lucknow between 6.25 pm and 8 pm. The weather department has forecast partly cloudy skies with light rain and thunderstorm on Wednesday.

Ravindar Chandrasekaran, Mahalakshmi refute rumours of divorce.
Filmmaker Ravindar Chandrasekaran and his actress wife Mahalakshmi took to Instagram to refute rumours claiming that they are separating. Sharing a picture with Mahalakshmi, Ravindar jokingly wrote, "How many times have I told you not to upload...solo pic on Instagram? Entire social media says we got separated." "We're so much...happy that we keep our loved ones happy too," he added.

Kyiv mayor visits sites struck by Russian drones after attacks.
Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko on Tuesday visited the sites in the city affected by Russia's overnight drone attacks. Russia unleashed its third air attack in 24 hours on Ukraine's capital Kyiv. Kyiv's military administration has said that at least 20 Shahed drones were destroyed overnight by air defences in the latest attack. Notably, Moscow was attacked with drone strikes today.

MI share video of Rohit dancing, other 'fun' moments from IPL 2023.
Mumbai Indians shared a behind-the-scenes video from IPL 2023 showing captain Rohit Sharma and batter Ishan Kishan dancing, while Arjun Tendulkar gave animated reactions during a promo shoot. The video also shows the camaraderie in the squad as players joke among themselves and celebrate by smashing cake on each other's faces. Mumbai had reached the second qualifier of IPL 2023.

CSK's Pathirana gets maiden ODI call up, could debut for Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka have announced a 16-member squad for the first two games of their three-match ODI series against Afghanistan. CSK pacer Matheesha Pathirana, who has been nicknamed 'Baby Malinga' owing to his action, has been included in the squad and could make his ODI debut. Pacer Dushmantha Chameera and Test captain Dimuth Karunaratne have also been included in the team.

FA Cup shares video of Man City's unbeaten run to 2023 final.
The FA Cup has shared a video of Manchester City's unbeaten run to the 2023 final. City scored 17 goals in the five cup matches this season and are yet to concede even once. City, who will face Manchester United in the final, had their biggest FA Cup win this season when they won 6-0 against Burnley in the quarter-finals.

Video shows Alcaraz’s 'Shot of the Day' during French Open Day 2.
Roland-Garros shared a video of a shot by World No 1 Carlos Alcaraz against Flavio Cobolli in their first-round match of the French Open. Terming it the 'Shot of the Day' on the second day, the video shows Alcaraz winning a point in the third game of the first set. Alcaraz went on to win the match 6-0, 6-2, 7-5.

Child porn victims' case against Reddit declined by US SC.
The US Supreme Court declined to hear a bid by child pornography victims who claim Reddit hosted and benefited from sex trafficking. Reddit earlier succeeded in arguing that it had legal immunity from the lawsuit. The plaintiffs include six minors. They allege that Reddit over the past decade ignored requests to remove child sexual abuse material.

Why is China the manufacturer of most EV batteries?.
China is the manufacturer of most EV batteries because it is ahead in mineral mining, training engineers and building factories. Other nations may take decades to catch up with China's pace. By 2030, China is reportedly expected to make twice the number of batteries as the rest of the world as it's the largest controller of cobalt, nickel and graphite.

Policeman consumes disinfectant after fight with senior in Mumbai.
A policeman allegedly consumed disinfectant after an argument with his senior at a police station in Mumbai. He had demanded to know why he had not been relieved despite his transfer to Pune three months ago. When the senior inspector asked him to clear pending files, he went outside and had disinfectant.

We want justice: Mother of 16-year-old girl murdered in Delhi.
The mother of the 16-year-old girl who was murdered allegedly by her boyfriend in Delhi has said that she wants justice for her daughter. "He should be killed for murdering my daughter," she stated. The accused was reportedly not happy with the victim's decision of ending their relationship. The victim was stabbed 16 times, the post-mortem report said.

UK man cheats people of ₹2.7 cr in cruise scam, to return ₹36,000.
A UK man who cheated several people of £272,000 (approximately over ₹2.7 crore) has been ordered by court to pay back £350 (around ₹36,000) to the victims after he spent the rest of the money. The 45-year-old man, Jody Oliver, posed as the captain of a luxury cruise liner to cheat the victims. Oliver spent the money on online gambling.

Sri Lanka to import 10 lakh eggs daily from India to meet demand.
Sri Lanka State Trading Corporation Chairman Asiri Walisundara has said the country will import 10 lakh eggs daily from five chicken farms in India to meet its growing market demand. Walisundara said two crore eggs were imported from India, of which one crore have been released to the market. The eggs were being imported from two chicken farms in India.

RBI disposed 132.19 cr soiled ₹2,000 notes in last 3 fiscals.
RBI disposed 132.19 crore pieces of soiled ₹2,000 currency notes in the last three financial years, as per its annual report. In FY23, the central bank disposed of 48.24 crore pieces of soiled ₹2,000 notes, 510.92 crore pieces of ₹500 banknotes and 450.77 crore pieces of ₹10 notes. RBI said its disposal of soiled banknotes rose 22.1% year-over-year in FY23.

RBI's income rises to ₹2.35 lakh cr in FY23, forex gains jump 50%.
RBI on Tuesday released its annual report that showed the central bank's net income jumped 47% to ₹2.35 lakh crore in FY23. This surge largely came on the back of foreign exchange transactions, which surged about 50% to ₹1.03 lakh crore. RBI ended FY23 with a surplus of ₹87,416 crore, as against ₹30,307 crore in the previous year.

Wrestlers halt plan to immerse medals, give 5-day ultimatum for action against WFI chief.
Protesting wrestlers have halted their plan to immerse their medals in Ganga river today and have given 5-day ultimatum to government for action against WFI chief and BJP MP Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh. Farmers' leader Naresh Tikait had arrived in Haridwar and convinced them to not throw their medals today. Several women wrestlers have accused Brij of sexual harassment.

'Fast X' becomes 1st H'wood film to earn ₹100 cr in India this yr.
'Fast X', the latest film in the 'Fast & Furious' franchise, has become the first Hollywood movie of the year to gross over ₹100 crore in India. Reportedly, the Louis Leterrier directorial crossed the mark on its second Saturday, taking the total collection to around ₹105 crore. 'Fast X' was released in India on May 18 in multiple languages.

Johnny Depp fractures ankle, shares note.
Actor Johnny Depp has said he has fractured his ankle and has been advised by medical professionals to "avoid any and all activity for the moment". Johnny shared a note saying the injury "began as a hairline break". He also apologised to fans as he and his band, Hollywood Vampires, won't be able to perform in several cities in US.

'Khalistan', 'separate Sikh nation' removed from NCERT Class 12 book.
NCERT has decided to remove the mention of Khalistan, or a separate Sikh nation, from CBSE Class 12 political science textbooks. The decision was taken after recommendation of an expert committee, NCERT said. Notably, the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee wrote a letter to NCERT, demanding that the mention of Khalistan should be removed from the Class 12 book.

You have done a miracle, only you can do it: CSK owner Srinivasan to Dhoni.
CSK owner N Srinivasan spoke to MS Dhoni and congratulated him on winning IPL 2023, PTI reported. "Fantastic captain. You've done a miracle. Only you can do it. We're proud of the boys and the team," Srinivasan told Dhoni. "This season has been one where...fans have demonstrated how much they love MS Dhoni. So do we," he added.

Dismayed to see wrestlers being manhandled: Ex-cricketer Kumble.
Former Indian cricketer Anil Kumble has reacted to the incident in which the protesting wrestlers were detained by the Delhi Police. "Dismayed to hear about what transpired on the 28th of May with our wrestlers being manhandled. Anything can be resolved through proper dialogue," he said. Notably, wrestlers said they would immerse their medals in the Ganga on Tuesday.

Ganga Sabha objects to wrestlers' plan to throw medals in Ganga.
The Ganga Sabha has forbidden the protesting wrestlers to immerse their medals in Ganga river in Haridwar. The wrestlers, who have been protesting against sexual harassment accused WFI chief Brij Bhushan, have reached the Har Ki Pauri ghat to immerse their medals in Ganga. Meanwhile, the Congress party has requested the wrestlers to not immerse their medals in the river.

Don't take any wrong action: Rakesh Tikait to protesting wrestlers.
After the wrestlers protesting against sexual harassment accused WFI chief Brij Bhushan announced they will immerse their medals in Ganga river in Haridwar, Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU) leader Rakesh Tikait said, "Don't take any wrong action." Meanwhile, BKU chief Naresh Tikait has reached Haridwar to meet the wrestlers.

Sacrificing medals in the Ganga like sacrificing life: INC's Hooda.
Reacting to the wrestlers' decision of immersing their medals in the Ganga, Congress leader Deepender S Hooda said that "sacrificing medals is like sacrificing life". "These medals remind us of those moments when the national anthem is sung, and the Tricolour is hoisted upon winning them," he said and requested the wrestlers not to immerse medals in the Ganga.

Nvidia becomes the 9th company ever to hit $1 trillion market value.
Nvidia has become the world's only ninth company to hit $1 trillion in market value after the gaming and AI chip company's shares rose 4.2% in early trading on Tuesday. US-based Nvidia has also become the first chipmaker to join the trillion-dollar club. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited is the next largest chipmaker globally, valued at about $535 billion.

Now PM should leave his arrogance: Delhi CM on wrestlers' protest.
As protesting wrestlers announced that they will immerse their medals in the Ganga river in Haridwar on Tuesday, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal said, "Now the Prime Minister should leave his arrogance." He added, "The whole country is shocked. There are tears in the eyes of the whole country." The wrestlers have reached Haridwar.

8-yr-old daughter of policeman injured in attack by pitbull in UP.
An eight-year-old daughter of a policeman was attacked by a pitbull dog of their neighbour in Uttar Pradesh's Meerut on Monday. She suffered severe injuries in the attack and fell unconscious. The girl was riding a bicycle with her sister outside her house at the time of the incident.

My dream is to perform at new Parliament: Grammy winner Ricky Kej.
Grammy winning composer Ricky Kej said he'd "love to visit" India's new Parliament building, which was inaugurated on May 28. "I've performed at...United Nations General Assembly Hall...at United Nations Headquarters...in the past...My dream is to...perform [at new Parliament building]. That'd be...absolute dream come true," Kej shared. He said the inauguration ceremony filled him with pride.

Ask him: Rajesh Khattar on why son Ishaan doesn't speak about him.
Rajesh Khattar was asked that why Ishaan Khatter doesn't speak about him in interviews. The actor replied, "I think you should ask him this question...I don't think it's very important that he talks about me or not, more important is what we have...between us." He said that Ishaan speaks about Shahid Kapoor as he's a strong influence in his life.

2 thieves in UK steal vapes, cigarettes worth £10,000; video out.
A video showing two thieves using a car to rip open the metal shutters of a shop in Birmingham to steal vape pens and cigarettes was shared by The Independent. The thieves, who had obscured their faces, are seen calmly putting boxes of the products that cost around £10,000 in their car. The video was reportedly recorded by a resident.

Many said 'CSK should send Ali' but MSD trusted Jadeja: Manjrekar.
Talking about Ravindra Jadeja who helped CSK win IPL 2023 final by scoring 10 runs off last two balls, commentator Sanjay Manjrekar said, "Many people [said], 'Moeen Ali has better range, send him higher'." "However, MS Dhoni kept trusting Jadeja...even when he had option of sending someone else," added Manjrekar. "I dedicate this win to...Dhoni," stated Jadeja after CSK's triumph.

Santner trends on Twitter after CSK fan's call to show him love.
CSK all-rounder Mitchell Santner began trending on Twitter after a fan asked other users to show some love to the New Zealand cricketer. 'We Yellove You Santner' became a top trend on Twitter as a fan posted, "A gun fielder, a gun bowler, a gun batter. The greatest asset for us." Santner played three matches this season for CSK.

Rayudu's back foot six similar to Kohli's T20 WC six vs Pak: Kaif.
Ex-India cricketer Mohammad Kaif said Ambati Rayudu's six off back foot against Mohit Sharma in IPL 2023 final was similar to Virat Kohli's back foot six against Pakistan's Haris Rauf in T20 World Cup 2022. "Rayudu's six was shot of the tournament...Rayudu looked emotional...His innings was very crucial," added Kaif. Rayudu scored 19 off eight balls in the final.

Gurugram woman cheated of ₹1.8 cr by Nigerian 'friend', 2 held.
Two Nigerian nationals were arrested in Gurugram for allegedly cheating a woman of ₹1.80 crore on several pretexts after befriending her through Instagram, police said. In her complaint, she said one of the two men claimed to have sent her gifts and later his friend called her, asking her to pay ₹35,000. The friend kept demanding more money, she added.

Will bring terrorists to justice: US envoy on Rana's extradition.
US' Ambassador to India Eric Garcetti said US and India are working together to bring terrorists to justice and won't stop. Garcetti's comments were in reference to a US court's decision to approve the extradition of 26/11 Mumbai terror attack-accused Tahawwur Rana to India. Rana was sentenced to a 14-year jail sentence in US on international terrorism charges in 2013.

For all women, no conditions: K'taka minister on free bus ride.
Karnataka Transport Minister Ramalinga Reddy on Tuesday said that the bus travel is going to be free for all women in Karnataka, without any conditions. "In the manifesto, we didn't categorise women for this scheme," Reddy said. "So, all women will be eligible...The CM has called for a cabinet meeting on Wednesday and he'll announce it after that," he added.

3 policemen suspended after K'taka RTI activist's death in custody.
After the death of an RTI activist in police custody, the Karnataka government suspended a sub-inspector of police and two constables in Davanagere district, officials said on Tuesday. The case was also handed over to the CID after the deceased's family accused the police of murdering him. The deceased, Harish, allegedly jumped off a police jeep to escape from custody.

Russian soldiers flee as Ukrainian drone strikes tank; video out.
A video released by Ukraine's Army on Tuesday showed Russian soldiers fleeing after their tank was hit by a Ukrainian drone in the Luhansk region. The soldiers in the video seem injured as one of them is seen limping while the other is seen crawling on the ground speedily. Several Ukrainian drones struck the Russian capital Moscow on Tuesday morning.

Jubilant Pharmova's shares close 7.14% lower day after Q4 loss.
Jubilant Pharmova's shares closed 7.14% lower on BSE after its Q4 loss widened to ₹97.84 crore. The company also informed that USFDA classified their Montreal CMO Facility as "Official Action Indicated", which will lead to withholding approval of any pending applications or supplements in which this facility is listed. Hari S Bhartia also stepped down from the MD's post.

Karnataka hikes DA from 31% to 35% for govt employees, pensioners.
The Karnataka government on Tuesday issued an order, increasing the dearness allowance of state government employees and pensioners from 31% to 35% with effect from January 1, 2023. The increase in dearness allowance admissible under this order is payable in cash. "Happy news to all my dear government employee friends," CM Siddaramaiah said, while sharing the news on Twitter.

MP minister OPS Bhadoria meets with accident, hospitalised with head injury.
Madhya Pradesh Urban Development and Housing Minister OPS Bhadoria sustained a severe head injury after the car he was travelling in collided with a tractor-trolley on Tuesday. As per reports, at least two other persons, including the minister's security personnel, were also left injured in the incident. The injured persons have been admitted to Birla Hospital in Gwalior.

Sidhu Moosewala's teenage fan held in Pak over invite for shooting.
Slain singer-turned-politician Sidhu Moosewala's teenage fan was briefly arrested in Pakistan's Punjab for inviting people via social media for an aerial firing on the former's first death anniversary, police said on Tuesday. The boy, Sharjil Malik, shared a poster of the invite on Facebook asking people to "remember" the singer through the firing. Moosewala often eulogised guns in his songs.

Ambati Rayudu announces retirement from all forms of Indian cricket.
Cricketer Ambati Rayudu, who won IPL 2023 final in his last-ever match for CSK, today announced that he is retiring from all forms of Indian cricket. "I consider it my greatest honour to have represented my country from Under-15 to the highest level," he wrote. "I am proud to finish my career as a six-time IPL winner," he added.

Top CEOs, engineers release 22-word warning about 'risk of extinction' from AI.
Top CEOs, researchers, experts and engineers issued a 22-word statement warning about the risks of Artificial Intelligence (AI). In their warning, the AI experts said that mitigating the risk of extinction from AI should be a global priority. The signatories include ChatGPT maker OpenAI's CEO Sam Altman, Google DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis, professors from several universities, and others.

BYJU'S valuation cut by 62% to $8.4 billion by BlackRock.
US-based investment management firm BlackRock has slashed the fair value of BYJU'S by about 62%, effectively valuing the edtech startup at roughly $8.4 billion, as per regulatory filings. This comes nearly two months after BlackRock reportedly halved the valuation of BYJU'S from $22 billion to $11.5 billion. BlackRock holds less than 1% equity in the startup.

Wrestlers break down after reaching Haridwar to throw their medals amid protests.
A video has surfaced online showing protesting wrestlers, including Vinesh Phogat and Sakshee Malikkh, breaking down in Haridwar. The wrestlers arrived in Haridwar to throw their medals in River Ganga as a mark of protest against WFI chief and BJP MP Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh. Brij has been accused of sexual harassment by several women wrestlers.

L-G sahib, do something: Kejriwal as woman found in pool of blood.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday criticised the law and order situation in the city after the body of a woman was found in a pool of blood in the Civil Lines area. "What is happening in our Delhi? The law and order situation has completely broken down. There is jungle rule all around. LG Sahib, do something," he said.

6,000 detonators, 2,800 gelatin sticks seized from man in Kerala.
Kerala Excise seized a huge amount of explosives, including 6,000 detonators and 2,800 gelatin sticks, from a man in the Kasargod district on Tuesday. After the officials found explosives in the accused's vehicle, they raided his house and found more explosives there. As per reports, the accused attempted suicide during the seizure, following which he was taken to a hospital.

Hyd night club displays exotic animals during jungle-themed party.
A video purportedly showing a night club in Hyderabad's Jubilee Hills displaying exotic animals on its premises during a jungle-themed party has surfaced online. According to police, an investigation is currently underway in collaboration with forest officials. The club has claimed that all animals featured in their shows were obtained legally and had the necessary licenses and permits.

Time flies: Kunaal Roy Kapur on 10 yrs of Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani.
"Time flies," said Kunaal Roy Kapur as he spoke about 'Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani', which will complete 10 years of its release on May 31. Kunaal said his character in the film "acts as...catalyst for Bunny's change of heart towards Naina". He said his role "wasn't just a funny one" and that it still resonates with the audience.

Mughals came to make India their homeland, not loot: Naseeruddin.
Naseeruddin Shah said that it is wrong to state that Mughals came to India to take away its riches. He added that the Mughals "came here to make this their homeland". "They didn't come here to loot and scoot," said Naseeruddin. He also spoke about how Alexander is called 'Alexander the Great' even though he "destroyed the whole of Iran".

Save world from humans: Kangana on video of garbage on Mt Everest.
Kangana Ranaut reacted to a video showing garbage, abandoned tents and plastic waste littered across base camp on Mount Everest. The actress wrote, "Whoever thinks human is God's favourite, needs a reality check, look at this scene you would realise human is probably God's least favourite." She added, "They tend to leave their...filthy footprints everywhere...Save the world from humans please."

Doctors asked if they should save the baby or me: Neha Marda.
Actress Neha Marda of 'Balika Vadhu' fame, who recently gave birth to her first child, revealed that she had a "super urgent C-section" due to medical emergency. "My BP would fluctuate a lot...There was a time when [the] doctors had a meeting with my family and asked if they should save the child or me," she told in her vlog.

Was gearing up for heartache but Jaddu wrote a fairy tale: Fleming.
CSK head coach Stephen Fleming said the IPL 2023 final was a "pretty good" fairy tale by all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja. "It has been a bit difficult 18 months (for Jadeja)...Dhoni has been very supportive and proactive in getting him up there and today he repaid that faith," he said. Fleming added that he was "gearing up for another heartache".

Russia to sell Crimea homes of ex-Ukraine Prez, others to fund war.
Russian authorities are all set to sell ex-Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko's property, as well as those of other Ukrainian oligarchs, in annexed Crimea, to fund the ongoing invasion. The move comes after Russia seized Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's apartment there, which is estimated to cost over ₹6 crore. Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014.

MSD's stumping was quickest but not best stumping I’ve seen: Moody.
Former SRH head coach Tom Moody said MS Dhoni's stumping to dismiss GT opener Shubman Gill in the IPL 2023 final wasn't the best stumping he has seen. "However, it was the quickest stumping I have ever seen...He has just gone past Usain Bolt," added Moody. The IPL revealed that Dhoni reacted in just 0.1 seconds to stump Shubman.

Dhoni hitting winning runs would've been cherry on top: Gavaskar.
Former India captain Sunil Gavaskar said if CSK captain MS Dhoni had "hit the winning runs" during the IPL 2023 final, it would have been the "cherry on the top". Talking about Dhoni's rumoured retirement, Gavaskar said, "A tournament like this can take a heavy toll...he will give himself...time." Dhoni was caught out for a first-ball duck during the final.

Centipede-like robot that could be used in space made: Study.
Japan's Osaka University's researchers have developed a centipede-like robot that they say could be used in search and rescue operations and even space exploration in the future. The robot has six segments and flexible joints. Each segment has two legs connected to it. The robot is 135 centimetres in length and weighs 9.1 kilogrammes.

Unconstitutional: CPI(M) supports AAP against Centre's ordinance.
CPI(M) General Secretary Sitaram Yechury on Tuesday criticised the Centre over its ordinance on the Delhi services matter and extended his party's support to the AAP. "We've condemned the ordinance brought by the Centre. It is unconstitutional. It is...contempt of court," Yechury said. "We appeal to the biggest Opposition party Congress to come forward to save our Constitution," he added.

Japan to put solar panels in orbit & transmit electricity to earth.
A Japanese public-private partnership plans to launch solar panels into orbit at 36,000 km altitude and generate power to be converted into microwave radiation. The electricity thus generated will be transmitted to ground-based receiving stations. The project, initiated in 1980s, involves a Japanese research group that achieved world's first successful power transmission in space via microwaves.

Lopsided focus on Vande Bharat: Tharoor as 2.7 cr denied trains in a year.
Congress leader Shashi Tharoor on Tuesday raised concern over the "lopsided focus" on Vande Bharat Express as a report claimed that over 2.7 crore passengers were unable to travel with Indian Railways in 2022-2023. Tharoor said that the year witnessed the highest number of registered tickets that remained waitlisted before they were automatically cancelled.

This is to me India: US Ambassador to India on meeting SRK, Ambani.
US Ambassador to India Eric Garcetti said he had a great time during his recent trip to Mumbai where he met Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan and Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani among several other personalities. "This is to me India and the Indian dream that very much feels like the American dream too," Garcetti said.

Drugs worth ₹1.5 cr hidden in soap cases seized in Mizoram, 2 held.
Two women were arrested after heroin worth ₹1.53 crore was seized from their possession from Vengthlang area in Mizoram's Aizawl. Assam Rifles and Special Narcotics police station in Aizawl carried out a joint operation and seized drugs from two peddlers aged 28 and 26 years, Assam Rifles said in a statement, adding the heroin was concealed in 22 soap cases.

India extends $1 billion credit line to Sri Lanka by another year.
India extended its $1 billion credit line to Sri Lanka on Tuesday by another year to help the country reeling under an economic crisis to procure food, medicine and other essential items. An agreement was signed between the State Bank of India (SBI) and the Sri Lankan government for $1 billion credit facility in March last year.

Thousands flock to see US nun's body exhumed undecayed after 4 yrs.
The exhumed body of Sister Wilhelmina Lancaster drew thousands of visitors to US' Missouri. Despite being buried for nearly four years, the nun's body showed minimal decomposition. While some believe it's a sign of holiness, others say the lack of decay isn't as rare as people think. Her body will be placed in a glass shrine in the church.

Absolute privilege: TCS CEO Rajesh Gopinathan in farewell letter.
TCS' outgoing CEO and MD Rajesh Gopinathan described his journey at the company as "an absolute privilege". "This week marks the culmination of my two-decade-long journey with TCS. I will step down from my role as CEO and MD on May 31, 2023," Gopinathan said in a letter to employees on Tuesday. Krithi Krithivasan was appointed as the CEO designate.

B Dayananda appointed new Bengaluru city police commissioner.
Senior IPS officer B Dayananda has been appointed the new Bengaluru city police commissioner. He replaced CH Pratap Reddy, who has been transferred to the Internal Security Division as the Director General of Police. Dayananda, a 1994 batch officer, was serving as the Additional Director General of Police (Intelligence).

Heatwave unlikely in Delhi till June 4, yellow alert issued.
Heatwave conditions are unlikely in Delhi till June 4 and the maximum temperature is likely to remain below 40°C, the India Meteorological Department has said. It issued a yellow alert for the national capital and the city is likely to witness light rain accompanied with gusty winds till Wednesday. The maximum temperature is likely to settle at 35°C.

Woman left with skin peeling from face on trying viral egg-cooking hack.
A 37-year-old UK-based woman warned people against trying a viral egg-cooking hack that left her with skin peeling from her face. She poured boiling water into a mug before adding the egg and then put it in the microwave for a couple of minutes. On putting a cold spoon on the egg, it erupted "like a fountain", burning her face.

PM was moved to tears over news of stabbing of Delhi girl: BJP MP.
BJP MP Hans Raj Hans has said that PM Narendra Modi got emotional and was moved to tears when he heard about the killing of a 16-year-old girl in Delhi. Responding to this, Congress leader Udit Raj said that it's all "drama". The 16-year-old girl was allegedly killed by her 20-year-old boyfriend because she wanted to end their relationship.

PM got emotional on hearing about 16-yr-old girl's murder: BJP MP.
BJP MP Hans Raj Hans on Tuesday said PM Narendra Modi got emotional on hearing about the murder of a 16-year-old girl by her boyfriend Sahil in Delhi's Shahbad Dairy area. "He got instructions given to me, through Union Home Minister, to visit her family," he said. Sahil stabbed her nearly 16 times before smashing a boulder on her head.

'No regrets, she was ignoring me,' says 20-yr-old who killed 16-yr-old girlfriend: Report.
Sahil Khan, who has been arrested for the murder of a 16-year-old girl in Delhi, has allegedly confessed to committing the crime in a fit of rage. During the interrogation, the 20-year-old reportedly said he has no regrets. "He said he was enraged as the girl had been ignoring him for some time," a report said while quoting police sources.

Find it fascinating: Shubman Gill on if he wants to be an actor.
Indian cricketer Shubman Gill said he finds acting "very fascinating". "It's not easy to convince other people or portray someone you're not...I'd want to have that skill [of acting] but...don't know if I'd go in front of the camera and do it," he shared. Gill lent his voice to Hindi & Punjabi versions of 'Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse'.

Jaya was my fan in 'Guddi', I'm hers after 'Rocky...': Dharmendra.
Dharmendra recalled working with Jaya Bachchan in her debut film 'Guddi'. "[In that film] she played my fan. Now working with her again [in 'Rocky Aur Rani Kii Prem Kahaani'], I feel I'm her fan," Dharmendra said. On working with Shabana Azmi in the Karan Johar directorial, Dharmendra said they were supposed to do a film, which "never got made".

He's proud: Sonakshi on father Shatrughan's reaction to 'Dahaad'.
Sonakshi Sinha shared that her father Shatrughan Sinha has completed only four episodes of her show 'Dahaad'. "He's extremely thrilled because every day he sends me forwarded messages of his friends who messages him and compliments the show and me. I know that he's very proud," she shared. Sinha added that her father is her "biggest fan".

Report said they were 'hidden' children: Raveena on adopting kids.
Speaking about adopting two girls at the age of 21, Raveena Tandon said, "I remember one article...saying that these must be her (Raveena's) hidden children, which she must have had out of wedlock." "When I was 21, they were eight and 11. So, when did I have them? When I was 11 or 12? Trolling happens even today," Raveena added.

It's my 1st family: Prosenjit Chatterjee on film industry.
Actor Prosenjit Chatterjee, who predominantly works in Bengali cinema, in an interview called the film industry the "most affectionate" place. He added, "I have always said...that it's my family, my first family. That is the way I worked with the entire industry." "Sometimes, in a family there are fights but I don't give priority to that," said Prosenjit.

Mohit was in zone, talk in last over spoiled rhythm: Manjrekar.
Ex-India cricketer Sanjay Manjrekar said the discussion that took place during GT pacer Mohit Sharma's last over in IPL 2023 final match against CSK spoiled his rhythm. "He was in a zone, three brilliant yorkers to dangerous batters. He has a drink!" Manjrekar stated. Ravindra Jadeja hit 10 runs off the last two balls to help CSK win the title.

Video shows Busquets' speech after Barca's 3-0 win vs Mallorca.
Barcelona legend Sergio Busquets was seen giving a speech following Barcelona's 3-0 triumph in their final home game this season against Mallorca. Barcelona won't play a game at their home ground Camp Nou for a certain time period as the stadium will be rebuilt. Defender Jordi Alba was also seen giving a speech, having announced his desire to leave Barcelona.

If I were with India, I'd pick Ishan: Ponting on WTC final team.
Ex-Australia captain Ricky Ponting, while talking about the upcoming WTC final between India and Australia, said if he were a part of Team India, he would choose Ishan Kishan for the playing XI. "I think it just provides that little bit of X-factor," explained Ponting. Ishan was added to India's WTC final squad following KL Rahul's injury during IPL 2023.

I felt invincible: World no.1 Alcaraz on French Open 1st round win.
World number one men's tennis player Carlos Alcaraz defeated Italian qualifier Flavio Cobolli in straight sets to enter the second round of French Open 2023. The 20-year-old won the match with a scoreline of 6-0, 6-2, 7-5 in one hour and 57 minutes. "I felt I couldn't lose a game...at the start of the match, I felt invincible," said Alcaraz.

Elon Musk meets China's Foreign Minister Qin Gang.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk on Tuesday met China's Foreign Minister Qin Gang during his first trip to the country in three years. According to a government statement, Musk said he's willing to expand Tesla's business in the country. The minister told Musk that China would create a better market-oriented business environment for companies from all countries, the statement read.

Satyameva Jayate: BJP as HC dismisses Manish Sisodia's bail plea.
After Delhi High Court on Tuesday dismissed AAP leader Manish Sisodia's bail plea in the alleged liquor policy scam, BJP's Shehzad Poonawalla said "Satyameva Jayate". "This shows that Manish Sisodia is corrupt. The court has denied Manish Sisodia and Vijay Nair's bail multiple times...But Arvind Kejriwal defends such...people," he said. Arvind Kejriwal is also involved in the scam, he added.

PM Modi obnoxiously silent on Manipur, wrestlers' protest: Saket.
TMC leader Saket Gokhale criticised PM Narendra Modi for not addressing issues like Manipur violence and wrestlers' protest. He asked whether the PM is clueless or shameless. He further said, "There's no…explanation for [PM] to be so obnoxiously and utterly deaf and silent about what's happening in Manipur or to our...women wrestlers…PM Modi allegedly works 28 hours in a day."

Congress' effort to unite Gehlot-Pilot will fail: BJP's Shekhawat.
Union Minister Gajendra Singh Shekhawat said that Congress' efforts of reconciliation between Ashok Gehlot and Sachin Pilot would yield no result. "On one hand, efforts were being made for reconciliation...on the other hand, there were reports of brawl (between Congress leaders) in Sikar," Shekhawat added. His remark came after Congress high command held meeting with Pilot and Gehlot in Delhi.

9 years of Modi government, 9 'bawal': Asaduddin Owaisi.
As the BJP completed its nine years in office, AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi outlined nine issues that took place during PM Narendra Modi's regime and called the issues 'bawal' (chaos). The nine issues include demonetisation, 2020 Delhi riots, civil war in Manipur, China, rising inflation and falling income, mayhem of lockdown, violence in Kashmir, youth unemployment, among others.

One-third of Milky Way's common planets could harbour life: Study.
A study using telescope data suggests that approximately one-third of the planets orbiting the most common stars in Milky Way may have liquid water and be habitable. These stars are smaller and cooler than Sun, and billions of planets orbit them. However, the study also reveals that two-thirds of these planets could be rendered uninhabitable due to extreme tidal forces.

Coaches & trainees of MP Swimming Association fight, video out.
A video has surfaced online which shows the coaches and trainees of Madhya Pradesh Swimming Association assaulting each other over dive permit in Jabalpur. According to reports, three people, including a coach, were injured. Joint Secretary of Madhya Pradesh Swimming Association, Sunil Patel, was also assaulted. Police reached the spot and took people involved in the incident into custody.

China backs Serbia amid clashes in Kosovo involving NATO troops.
China has backed Serbia for safeguarding "its sovereignty and territorial integrity" after clashes broke out between ethnic Serbs and NATO peacekeeping troops in Kosovo. Around 30 NATO troops sustained injuries in attacks following elections, boycotted by Serbs, wherein ethnic Albanian mayors took office in northern Kosovo. Notably, China doesn't recognise Kosovo's 2008 independence from Serbia.

Activists hit by camera on storming Swedish dance show, video out.
Climate protesters who stormed the dance floor of Sweden's version of 'Strictly Come Dancing', during the final, were taken out by a camera operator. A video that has surfaced online shows activists from the Aterstall Vatmarker (Restore Wetlands) throwing yellow powder paint and holding up a sign. The operator stopped them by navigating a camera into a protester's face.

Chaman Lal elected 1st-ever Indian-origin Lord Mayor of Birmingham.
Councillor Chaman Lal has become the first ever British-Indian Sikh to take oath as Birmingham's Lord Mayor. Lal, who is from the Ravidassia community of British Sikhs, was born in the village of Pakhowal in Hoshiarpur and later moved to the UK in 1964. The Labour Party leader was first elected to Soho and Jewellery Quarter ward in 1994.

Indian priest jailed for pawning temple's jewellery in Singapore.
A 39-year-old former Indian chief priest of Singapore's oldest Hindu temple Sri Mariamman Temple was sentenced to six years in jail for pawning over SGD 2 million (over ₹12 crore) of ceremonial jewellery repeatedly. Kandasamy Senapathi got SGD 2,328,760 (over ₹14 crore) from pawn shops between 2016-20, of which he remitted about SGD 141,000 (over ₹86 lakh) to India.

India's growth momentum likely to be sustained in FY24: RBI.
India's growth momentum is likely to be sustained in FY24 amid easing inflationary pressures, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said in its annual report. "Amidst strong global headwinds, the Indian economy is expected to have recorded a growth of 7% in real GDP in 2022-23," the annual report mentioned. India's total income in FY23 surged by 47% to ₹2.35 trillion.

What major records were broken in IPL 2023?.
As many as thirty-seven 200-plus totals were recorded in IPL 2023, which is the most in an IPL season. Further, the record for most sixes in an IPL season was also broken in IPL 2023, with 1,124 maximums registered in the edition. Further, 153 fifties and 12 hundreds were hit in IPL 2023, the most in an IPL season.

Won't stop wrestlers from immersing medals in Ganga: Haridwar SSP.
Hours after the protesting wrestlers announced they will immerse their medals in Ganga river in Haridwar, police said they won't stop them from entering the district or immersing the medals. "The wrestlers are free to do anything," Haridwar SSP Ajay Singh said. The SSP added that he also hasn't received any instructions from senior officials to stop the protesters.

Woman gets laid off by Meta for the 2nd time, says 'I cried for 2 hours straight'.
Andrea Guzmán García-Luna, a woman who has been laid off by Meta twice, said she "cried for two hours straight" after her recent layoff. Sharing that the whole experience took a toll on her mental health, she wrote on LinkedIn, "Over the past months I’ve seen people cry on Zoom calls more than I have in my 8 year career."

Passenger abuses crew members, attacks one of them on Air India flight.
A passenger behaved in an unruly manner on an Air India flight on May 29. "The passenger verbally abused crew members and then went on to physically assault one of them on board," an Air India spokesperson said. "The passenger continued with the unprovoked, aggressive behaviour and was handed over to security after landing at Delhi airport," the spokesperson added.

20-year-old Bihar woman stabbed 16 times by stalker for refusing to marry.
A 20-year-old woman sustained critical injuries after her stalker allegedly stabbed her 12 times in Bihar's Sitamarhi, police said on Tuesday. According to Sitamarhi SP Manoj Kumar Tiwari, the two had known each other for four years and the woman had stopped interacting with him under family pressure. "She had discontinued the relationship and refused to marry him," Tiwari added.

Officer fined ₹53,000 for draining 21-lakh-litre water to find phone in Chhattisgarh.
Chhattisgarh food inspector Rajesh Vishwas, who was suspended for getting 21 lakh litres of water drained from a reservoir to recover ₹1 lakh phone, has been fined ₹53,000. A show cause notice has also been issued to a senior official who gave "oral permission" for the draining of the reservoir. Vishwas claimed the phone had confidential department data.

Training aircraft makes emergency landing on farm field in K'taka.
A two-seater training aircraft of Redbird Aviation made an emergency landing on a farm field due to technical glitches in Karnataka's Belagavi on Tuesday. A pilot and a trainee pilot who were onboard the aircraft received minor injuries in the incident and were taken to Air Force hospital. It reportedly took off at 9:30 am from Sambra Airport in Belagavi.

16-yr-old Delhi girl who was stabbed wanted to end relation, this angered Sahil: Report.
Twenty-year-old Sahil Khan, who has been accused of killing his 16-year-old girlfriend by stabbing her and assaulting her with a concrete slab, was upset with the minor because she wanted to end the relationship, Indian Express said while quoting Delhi Police sources. "It has been deduced that Sahil was upset...because she was ignoring his calls," an officer said.

Bride going to wedding venue gets stuck in lift in Maha, video emerges.
A bride, who was heading to her wedding venue, got stuck in a lift of a building in Maharashtra's Mira Bhaindar on Monday. She was rescued by the fire brigade after nearly 20 minutes along with her family members. A video of the incident shows the bride in anguish after being rescued, with her relatives giving her water to drink.

Russian 'spy' beluga whale 1st spotted in 2019 reappears off Sweden coast.
A beluga whale that has allegedly been trained by the Russian navy has reappeared off Sweden's coast. The "spy" whale was first reported in April 2019, when it was discovered near northern Norway with a harness attached to its body and a label that said "Equipment of Saint Petersburg". The whale was nicknamed "Hvaldimir" by Norwegians.

Love it: Nick Jonas as Tiger recreates 'Maan Meri Jaan Afterlife'.
Tiger Shroff recreated 'Maan Meri Jaan Afterlife', sung by Nick Jonas and King, and shared a video of the same on his Instagram handle. "My small take on 'afterlife' #maanmerijaan," he wrote. Praising the video, Nick wrote, "Love it bro!" Reacting to his comment, Tiger wrote, "Excuse me while I flex this a little bit...Just have to...thank you Nick Jonas."

Ran from home on August 15, got independence: Ankit on acting wish.
Actor Ankit Bathla said that he ran away from home on August 15 and "got independence" after he did not get support from his parents for his acting decision. "I...still remember...my first show was 'Sammaan Ek Adhikar' where...I was paid ₹1,500 a day," he said, adding, "My parents would...believe it is better to do what you are doing right now."

Black fungus killed him: Fahmaan on brother Faraaz Khan's death.
Television actor Fahmaan Khan said that his brother and actor Faraaz Khan, who passed away in 2020, died because of black fungus. "Black fungus...killed him. He passed away when it was not even discovered," Fahmaan told ETimes. The actor added that during his last days, Faraaz forgot his name. "I was shocked...how could he forget my name," Fahmaan shared.

US rapper accidentally launches bike off stage during concert.
US rapper and singer Anuel AA accidentally launched his motorbike off stage after bringing it during a concert at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. A video of the incident has surfaced online. "The bike fell between the stage and the railing. I'm uncertain if anyone got hurt," a fan who was present during the concert said.

Rayudu said 'I'll win the final', has unbelievable belief: Chahar.
CSK pacer Deepak Chahar said batter Ambati Rayudu, who retired from IPL following the IPL 2023 final, told him he will win the IPL 2023 final for CSK. "Rayudu's belief is unbelievable," added Chahar. Rayudu scored 19 runs off 8 balls in IPL 2023 final. "I can smile for...rest of my life," reacted Rayudu following CSK's triumph in the final.

Ravindra Jadeja did something only Sir Jadeja could do: Raina.
Former CSK batter Suresh Raina said Ravindra Jadeja has "done something only Sir Ravi Jadeja" could against GT in the IPL 2023 final. "I am very happy that Ravindra Jadeja got to hit the winning shot...this was sensational...You could see MS Dhoni hugging Jadeja in the dressing room," said Raina. He added that "all of India" was cheering for CSK.

No one can match legacy Dhoni will leave behind in IPL: Shastri.
Talking about CSK captain MS Dhoni, ex-India cricketer Ravi Shastri said no one can match the legacy that Dhoni will leave behind in IPL. Reacting to Dhoni completing 250 matches in IPL, Shastri said it is tribute to his fitness. "The love and adulation [Dhoni] receives down south from fans of CSK is testimony to...greatness of this cricketer," Shastri stated.

China saw launch of 79 AI large language models in 3 yrs: Report.
Chinese organisations launched 79 large-language models (LLMs) in the country in the last three years, a report by research institutes run by the country's Ministry of Science and Technology said. Chinese organisations released 2 LLMs in 2020 as compared to 11 in the US. However, in 2021 there was a total of 30 LLMs released in each country.

Bitcoin being sold at 20% discount on Binance Australia.
Bitcoin was seen being sold at a 20% discount on Binance Australia as compared to the prices seen on rival exchanges. The world's biggest cryptocurrency was around $23,000 on Binance, while it was a little over $28,000 on Australia-based cryptocurrency exchange BTC Markets. It was quoted at around $27,790 outside Australia on other exchanges such as Bitstamp.

Point out where we had choice: Musk on Twitter censorship report.
Elon Musk criticised Bloomberg journalist Matthew Yglesias for sharing a report by Spanish newspaper El País and said, "You're such a numbskull." The report said Twitter approved 83% of content restriction or censorship requests by various governments since the takeover by Musk. "Please point out where we had an actual choice and we will reverse it," Musk stated.

Party's duty more important than CM's post to me: CM Ashok Gehlot.
After Sachin Pilot and Ashok Gehlot had a meeting with Congress party's high command in Delhi, Rajasthan CM Gehlot said that for him fulfilling duty assigned by party's high command is more important than the CM post. When asked if Gehlot believed Pilot would work together with him, the CM said, "When he is in the party, why won't he?"

China to send astronauts to moon by 2030 amid space race with US.
China plans to send astronauts to the moon by 2030. Lin Xiqiang, the deputy director of the China Manned Space Agency, stated that China plans for a short lunar surface mission and collaborative human-robotic exploration. This announcement comes after NASA administrator Bill Nelson and other officials highlighted that the US and China might be engaged in a space race.

Mummification workshops with stone beds discovered in Egypt.
Ancient mummification workshops and tombs have been discovered near Cairo, Egypt. The workshops, dating back 2,400 years, were used for mummifying humans and sacred animals. Archaeologists found various objects like clay pots, ritual vessels, stone beds, black resin, bronze tools and other items at the site that seem to have been used in mummification.

16,000 people evacuate homes amid wildfires in Canadian province.
Over 16,000 people were forced to evacuate their homes after wildfires hit the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. The fire, still burning out along the northwestern edge of the province's largest city Halifax, led to a state of emergency being declared on Sunday. "We stand ready to provide any federal support and assistance needed," Canadian PM Justin Trudeau tweeted.

Putin has been briefed on Moscow drone attack: Prez's Spokesman.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has been briefed about drone attacks on Moscow, his spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday. Peskov added Russian air defences and the country's Defence ministry had worked well in dealing with the assault. He further stated that there are currently no plans for Putin to comment on the drone attack, which Moscow has blamed on Ukraine.

₹500 notes most circulated, ₹20 notes seeing uptick in FY23: RBI.
The overall volume of currency in circulation rose 4.4% year-on-year to 13,621 crore notes in FY23, RBI said. Among the notes in circulation, ₹500 notes were the most voluminous, with a total of 5,163 crore notes in circulation as of FY23. The volume of ₹20 banknotes in circulation grew from 1,101 crore in FY22 to 1,258 crore in FY23.

India's cyclical sectors contributing to earnings: Goldman Sachs.
Goldman Sachs Executive Director Sunil Koul said India's cyclical sectors are contributing to overall earnings upswing. "We're pretty positive on manufacturing space...You're actually seeing volume growth improving for consumer staple firms...Rural FMC volumes have turned positive after multiple declining quarters," Koul said. So, banks and domestic sector should contribute to earnings, he added.

US woman earns ₹1.65 lakh a day working as nanny for billionaires' kids.
A 34-year-old US woman gets paid up to $2,000 (around ₹1.65 lakh) per day by working as a nanny for billionaires' kids, CNBC Make It reported. "I could nanny for...two months...and I'd be fine for the rest of the year," Gloria Richards said. She travels in private jets and yachts and drives Porsches and Teslas as part of her job.

Dhoni cuts multi-layered cake to celebrate IPL 2023 win in hotel, CSK share video.
Chennai Super Kings (CSK) took to Twitter to share a video showing the team's celebrations post their IPL 2023 title victory. In the video, the players can be seen dancing while entering the hotel. The video also showed Dhoni cutting a multi-layered cake, with each layer signifying the years in which CSK won the IPL title.

Ravindra Jadeja's wife Rivaba touches his feet on meeting him after IPL 2023 win.
A video has gone viral showing CSK all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja's wife Rivaba touching his feet on meeting him moments after he hit the winning runs to help CSK win IPL 2023 final against GT. In the video, their daughter Nidhyana can also be seen. Rivaba is a BJP MLA from Jamnagar North constituency in Gujarat.

Ukraine denies it attacked Moscow, says 'pleased to watch it'.
A Ukrainian presidential aide denied Kyiv was directly involved in a drone attack on Moscow on Tuesday. "Of course we're pleased to watch and predict an increase in the number of attacks," Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak told the 'Breakfast Show' YouTube channel. Tuesday's attack is the most significant one on Moscow since the Ukraine war began in February 2022.

Winning 1 title is difficult, winning 5 is unbelievable: Gambhir on CSK's win.
LSG mentor Gautam Gambhir took to Twitter to congratulate CSK on winning their fifth IPL title by defeating GT in the IPL 2023 final. "Congratulations CSK! Winning 1 title is difficult, winning 5 is unbelievable! #IPL2023," Gambhir, who is a two-time IPL winner, wrote. LSG were knocked out of IPL 2023 by MI in Eliminator.

BJP worker helped CSK win: Annamalai on Jadeja's last ball finish.
Reacting to Ravindra Jadeja's last ball finish that helped CSK win their fifth IPL trophy, Tamil Nadu BJP chief K Annamalai said it was a BJP 'karyakarta' (worker) who scored the winning runs. The MS Dhoni-led franchise needed 10 runs off the last two deliveries when Jadeja hit a six over long-on and a four off a low full-toss.

Djokovic writes 'Kosovo is heart of Serbia' on camera at French Open, sparks controversy.
Novak Djokovic sparked controversy at French Open after writing message about Kosovo on camera lens following his first-round win. "Kosovo is the heart of Serbia. Stop the violence," the 22-time Grand Slam champion wrote. Around 30 NATO peacekeeping soldiers defending three town halls in northern Kosovo were injured in clashes with Serbs protesters in Zvecan, where Djokovic's father grew up.

India's fastest unicorn Mensa Brands fires 30 employees.
Former Myntra CEO Ananth Narayanan-founded Mensa Brands has said that it has fired less than 30 employees. The employees were laid off from the company's India Lifestyle Network division, which includes MensXP, iDiva, and Hypp. Founded in 2021, Mensa Brands became India's fastest unicorn after it achieved a valuation of over $1 billion six months after launching its business.

Heavy rainfall warning issued in 7 states.
The India Meteorological Department has warned of heavy rainfall in isolated pockets of Rajasthan, coastal Andhra Pradesh and Telangana on May 30. Heavy rainfall is also predicted in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka on May 30 and 31, Jammu and Kashmir on May 31 and Kerala from May 30 to June 3. Hailstorm may occur in Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand.

Woman killed by roommate after party, body found in pool of blood in Delhi house.
A woman identified as Rani was allegedly killed by her roommate Sapna and her body was found in a pool of blood in a house in Delhi's Majnu Ka Tila. The duo had an argument at a party they attended yesterday, DCP (North) Sagar Singh Kalsi said. He added they fought again after returning home and Sapna stabbed Rani.

Fought with myself over it: Prosenjit on quitting mainstream films.
Actor Prosenjit Chatterjee spoke about the time when he made a conscious decision to not do hardcore mainstream movies. He said one thing that was bothering him was if he would be able to take it. "We know this...work will get us whistles, claps...But I know I am doing a kind of film...where I will not get this," he added.

Thought we played a game: Prosenjit on acting as child actor at 6.
Actor Prosenjit Chatterjee recalled working in films as a child actor at the age of five or six. He said that at that age he used to feel they are playing a game while shooting a film. He added that it has been a long journey in the industry for him. He also spoke about quitting mainstream movies.

Bipasha, Karan buy Audi Q7 worth over ₹1 cr; actress shares video.
Bipasha Basu and her actor-husband Karan Singh Grover have bought an Audi Q7 which is worth over ₹1 crore. The actress, taking to Instagram, shared a video where she and Karan were seen unveiling their new car in the showroom and cutting a cake. "Devi's (their daughter) new ride," Bipasha captioned the post.

Thought 'Will my family understand': Sonam on kissing on screen.
Actress Sonam Bajwa said that she was uncomfortable doing kissing scenes on screen, fearing what will people think. "I thought, 'Is my family going to understand that this is for a film?'" She also said that she later spoke to her parents about it and they said that if it is for a film, it is fine.

CSK able to win so much because of things we can't see: Manjrekar.
Talking about CSK winning their fifth IPL title, commentator Sanjay Manjrekar tweeted, "You can see what CSK are good at [on] the field. But why do they win so much?" "It is because of what we cannot see, the intangibles. Let us call it 'culture'. That's what makes CSK special, the culture they have created within their camp," added Manjrekar.

Took a lot of pressure vs MI, realised being calm is better: Sai.
GT batter B Sai Sudharsan credited his 47-ball 96 against CSK in the IPL 2023 final to him focusing on the mental aspect of cricket. "Felt a lot of pressure in the last game...came to the realisation that being...calm is much better," said Sudharsan. He added that it was "personally worrying" to be retired in Qualifier 2 against Mumbai Indians.

GT share video of Sudharsan's training drills post 96 in IPL final.
GT have shared a video which shows the training drills of their batter Sai Sudharsan, who scored 96 off 47 balls in the IPL 2023 final against CSK. Sudharsan was seen practicing strokes in a net session as well as working on his fielding skills in the video shared. Sudharsan had a strike rate of 204.25 in IPL 2023 final.

There's been some frustration, but Jadeja is gun player: Fleming.
CSK head coach Stephen Fleming called Ravindra Jadeja a "gun player" after the all-rounder smashed the winning runs against GT in IPL 2023 final. Fleming admitted that the last 18 months were difficult for Jadeja due to the captaincy change at the franchise and his injury. "There has been some frustration at times, but he's...number one and...he delivered," added Fleming.

Pandya could've been the X-factor for India in WTC final: Ponting.
Former Australia captain Ricky Ponting, while talking about all-rounder Hardik Pandya, said he should have been a part of Team India squad for the WTC final against Australia. He stated Pandya could have been the X-factor for Team India in the one-off game. Pandya has not played a Test since 2018. He has played 11 Test matches so far.

Deny FTX ex-CEO's request to dismiss charges: Prosecutors to judge.
The prosecutors have asked a US federal court judge to deny the request by former FTX CEO Sam Bankman-Fried to dismiss the criminal charges against him. Earlier this month, Bankman-Fried urged Judge Lewis Kaplan to dismiss most of the counts he is facing. The prosecutors have described the motions to dismiss the charges as "meritless".

Manipur burning because of BJP's divide and rule politics: Jairam.
Reacting to the violence in Manipur, Congress leader Jairam Ramesh alleged that the "divide and rule" politics of the BJP and RSS is responsible for the current crisis in the state. He added, "The last time Manipur burned was 22 years ago when [the] BJP was ruling in the Centre. This time things have turned from bad to worse."

'Will fight in outer space if we have to', US tells China.
Brigadier General Jesse Morehouse, deputy director at US Space Command, said due to Russia's aggression and China's ambition of becoming the dominant space power by mid-century, the US is left with "no choice" but to prepare itself for potential conflict with them in outer space. "If someone was to threaten [us]...we are ready to fight tonight in space," Morehouse added.

16-yr-old victim's family in very miserable condition: DCW chief.
DCW chief Swati Maliwal met the family of 16-year-old girl, who was murdered by 20-year-old Sahil, and said that the girl's parents are in a very miserable condition. "They have only one demand that the accused should be given a death sentence within six months. We also have the same demand and we will fight for her justice," she added.

Ludhiana civic body raids shops, destroys 10 kg 'unhygienic' meat.
As part of its ongoing drive against illegal slaughtering, a team of Ludhiana Municipal Corporation on Monday raided three shops in the city and destroyed 10 kg of "unhygienic" meat which was slaughtered illegally. Municipal Corporation Joint Commissioner Kulpreet Singh said that the shopkeepers have been directed to get the meat slaughtered at the modern slaughterhouse established by it.

Video shows damage caused in Moscow after drone strike attack.
A video has surfaced showing the damage caused in Russia's Moscow after drones hit some buildings in the city on Tuesday. The attack prompted some residents to evacuate their homes. At least two people had to seek medical assistance following the drone attacks but no one was seriously injured, the city's mayor, Sergei Sobyanin, said.

RBI transfers ₹1.3 lakh crore to contingency fund in FY23.
RBI transferred ₹1.3 lakh crore towards its contingency fund in FY23, as per its annual report. The net balance in the fund increased to ₹3.51 lakh crore, compared to ₹3.10 lakh crore a year ago. The contingency risk buffer has been maintained at 6% as of March 2023, as against 5.5% in the previous year.

Legendary stock speculator William O'Neil dies at 90.
Legendary stock speculator William O'Neil died at the age of 90. He founded the Los Angeles-based investment-management firm William O'Neil+Co in 1963. He was a successful practitioner of computer-aided stock analysis, who shared his strategy in a best-selling book and Investor's Business Daily, which he founded in 1984. His death was announced on the website of William O'Neil & Co.

Summer holidays for Puducherry schools extended till June 7 amid intense heat.
The summer vacation for schools in Puducherry has been extended till June 7 due to intense heat, Education Minister A Namassivayam said. The schools were earlier scheduled to open on June 1. The government in neighbouring Tamil Nadu has also extended the summer break in schools till June 7 due to severe heatwave conditions.

Doctors happy with Rishabh Pant's progress, no 2nd surgery required: Reports.
Cricketer Rishabh Pant won't have to undergo another surgery on his right knee, as per reports. The medical team overseeing Pant's rehab are happy with the progress the cricketer has made in the last four months, reports added. Pant had undergone a knee ligament surgery in January.

Fans in Bengaluru celebrate CSK's IPL win, chant Dhoni's name on street; video viral.
Several fans took to the streets of Bengaluru late at night and celebrated the victory of Chennai Super Kings (CSK) in IPL 2023. In a video that surfaced on social media, people who gathered at Marathahalli area in Bengaluru were chanting 'Dhoni, Dhoni' after CSK won by five wickets. A few fans in Banashankari also burst firecrackers.

Man on motorcycle takes bath on busy road in Tamil Nadu for 'Instagram likes'; fined.
A two-wheeler rider, who took a bath in the middle of a busy traffic junction in Tamil Nadu's Erode, has been fined ₹3,500. According to the police, The 21-year-old man identified as S Parthiban, did the act to generate likes on Instagram. Parthiban was challenged by his friend to do the act for ₹10, police added.

BJP MP gives ₹1-lakh cheque to kin of Delhi girl stabbed 20 times.
BJP MP Hans Raj Hans on Tuesday gave a cheque of ₹1 lakh to the family of the 16-year-old girl who was allegedly stabbed over 20 times by her 20-year-old boyfriend in Delhi. "You will not be able to watch the complete video (of the crime)...if you are a parent, and will not be able to sleep," he said.

Man who stabbed Delhi girlfriend got knife from Haridwar: Police.
The 20-year-old man, who allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in Delhi over 20 times, had purchased the knife from Haridwar on Friday, police said. Police are yet to recover the knife which was used in the crime. According to the police, the accused, who worked as an AC mechanic, allegedly committed the crime because the victim wanted to end their relationship.

RBI plans new payment system for war, natural calamity-like situations.
The RBI has conceptualised a new lightweight and portable payment system that can be operated from anywhere by a bare minimum staff. The system is being planned keeping in mind extreme and volatile situations like war and natural calamities. It's expected to operate on minimalistic hardware and software and could ensure near zero downtime of payment and settlement system.

We look like relatives: Sara Ali Khan on 1st impression of Vicky.
Actress Sara Ali Khan, who will be seen in 'Zara Hatke Zara Bachke' with Vicky Kaushal, talked about her first impression of the actor. Sara said that after doing a look test with Vicky, she told him, "We look like relatives." Vicky joked that she would keep saying the same thing even when they were doing romantic scenes.

Vicky Kaushal, Sara Ali Khan celebrate CSK win, video surfaces.
Vicky Kaushal shared a video in which he's seen celebrating Chennai Super Kings (CSK) winning the Indian Premier League 2023 final against Gujarat Titans (GT). The video also features his 'Zara Hatke Zara Bachke' co-star Sara Ali Khan. On Instagram, Kaushal wrote, "MAHI FOR THE WIN! [Ravindra Jadeja], you rockstar! What a match. GT...best team through the tournament."

Rahat Fateh Ali Khan dedicates qawwali to late Sidhu Moosewala.
Singer Rahat Fateh Ali Khan dedicated a qawwali to late singer Sidhu Moosewala on his first death anniversary. A video of the event surfaced online. In the video, Khan can be seen telling the audience that he would be dedicating the piece to Moosewala. A prayer meet was also organised on the late singer's death anniversary.

He won it like MSD would've: Kaif on Jadeja's 10 off last 2 balls.
Talking about Ravindra Jadeja helping CSK win the IPL 2023 final by scoring 10 runs off last two balls, ex-India cricketer Mohammad Kaif tweeted, "Jadeja won it like MS Dhoni would have." "Take it till the end, never give up, put pressure on bowler, wait for loose balls and you can score 10 runs [off] last two balls," added Kaif.

Irfan shares video with Dhoni, says 'Got emotional doing commentary'.
Ex-India all-rounder Irfan Pathan, who was doing commentary during the IPL 2023 final, has revealed he got emotional while calling out the last moments of the match. "Wanted MS Dhoni to finish on a high if it was his last but hopefully he's coming back next season," said Irfan. After the match, Dhoni hinted that he might play next season.

Svitolina registers win in her 1st Grand Slam match in 16 months.
Ukraine's Elina Svitolina has registered a victory in her first Grand Slam match in nearly 16 months by defeating Italy's Martina Trevisan 6-2, 6-2. Svitolina had played her first match after giving birth to her daughter in April 2023. "Everything is kind of old and new for me right now...I didn't put any pressure on myself," Svitolina stated.

India's mobile phone exports led by assembly not production: Rajan.
Raising concerns about India's booming mobile phone exports, ex-RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said the growth is primarily propelled by assembly rather than genuine manufacturing within the country. He said the rise in exports has been accompanied by imports of inputs that go into making devices "and when we correct for that, it's...hard to maintain that net exports have gone up".

BJP releases animated song '9 Saal Vikas Ke' showing achievements.
The BJP has released an animated song to mark the completion of nine years of Modi government in office. The song is titled '9 Saal Vikas Ke' and highlights achievements of government related to development in the farm sector, women empowerment, among others. PM Narendra Modi took to Twitter and said, "Through numerous initiatives, we have transformed millions of lives."

Complete betrayal of mandate: Congress as only MLA joins TMC in WB.
After Congress' only MLA in West Bengal, Bayron Biswas, quit the party and joined TMC, Congress leader Jairam Ramesh criticised TMC and said Biswas was "lured away" by the party. "This is a complete betrayal of the mandate of the people of...Sagardighi Assembly constituency," Ramesh tweeted. "Such poaching which has happened earlier...is not designed to strengthen Opposition unity," he added.

Man who stabbed 16-yr-old Delhi girl should be hanged: MP Hans Raj.
Reacting to the murder of a 16-year-old Delhi girl, who was stabbed to death by her boyfriend, Rajya Sabha MP Hans Raj said the accused "must be hanged". "One cannot watch the full video of the crime if they have children of their own...They can't sleep at night," he added. The MP handed over ₹1 lakh to the deceased's family.

BJP made ugliness an 'Indian national hallmark': Mahua Moitra.
As BJP completed its nine years in office, TMC MP Mahua Moitra criticised the party, saying that the BJP's regime contributed to making "ugliness an Indian national hallmark". She added, "Whatever else we may or may not have been, we were never an ersatz agglomeration of disparate uglinesses." Earlier, former UP CM Akhilesh Yadav had called BJP "10 numbari".

Meesho's fair value cut by 9.7% to $4.4 bn by Fidelity: Reports.
Fidelity Investments has reduced Meesho's fair value by 9.7%, effectively valuing the e-commerce startup at $4.4 billion, as per reports. The US-based asset management company, which holds shares in Meesho through multiple funds, reportedly revealed the markdown in the latest filings of these funds. Meesho raised $570 million from Fidelity and other investors in 2021 at $4.9 billion valuation.

Elon Musk's private jet lands in China: Reuters.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk's private jet has landed in Beijing, Reuters reported citing a witness. The jet, with its identifying tail number, was seen at Beijing Capital International Airport. On his first trip to China in three years, Musk is expected to meet senior Chinese officials. China has welcomed Musk and other business leaders looking to promote "mutually beneficial cooperation".

Delhi govt to give ₹10 lakh aid to family of girl stabbed to death.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has announced that the national capital's government will provide an ex-gratia of ₹10 lakh to the family of a 16-year-old girl who was stabbed to death by her boyfriend in the Shahbad Dairy area. "We assure [the girl's family] that our government will ensure that the accused gets the strictest punishment," he added.

K'taka CM orders probe over alleged corruption in KKRDB under BJP.
Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah has ordered an investigation into allegations of corruption in Kalyana Karnataka Region Development Board (KKRDB) during BJP government's tenure, ANI reported. "There are more scams, not just in [KKRDB]. We've to deliver justice, so we'll order an enquiry into all," state Deputy CM DK Shivakumar said. KKRDB's aim is to develop in Kalyana Karnataka Region's six districts.

Pak poses significant threat to Norway, claims assessment report.
An assessment report prepared by the Norwegian Police Security Service claimed that Pakistan poses a significant threat to Norway. It has been claimed that Pakistan could use illegal ways, including deploying its researchers at Norwegian institutes, to obtain details about technology, raising concerns over potential development of advanced weapons systems and weapons of mass destruction.

China's Shanghai records hottest May day in 100 years at 36.1°C.
China's Shanghai recorded its hottest May day in 100 years, with the temperature reaching 36.1°C at 13:09 pm on Monday, according to the city's meteorological service. Later in the afternoon, the station registered an even higher temperature of 36.7°C, Shanghai's meteorological service stated. This surpassed the previous record of 35.7°C set in the years 1876, 1903, 1915, and 2018.

Driver & passenger open fire at each other on moving bus in US.
A newly released surveillance video showed a bus driver and a passenger firing at each other on a moving bus in US' North Carolina, leaving both injured. The incident, which happened on May 18, started after the passenger asked the driver to stop bus before a designated stop. The driver has been fired for having firearm with him on duty.

Pro-Imran Khan Pakistani journalist abducted last week freed.
A Pakistani television journalist who went missing last week, reportedly over his public support for ex-PM Imran Khan, returned home after being released by his captors, his family said. Sami Abraham went missing when eight people intercepted his car while he was returning home from work in Islamabad. Reports had claimed that Abraham was being held by Pakistan's security agencies.

Mumbai Police shares 'Stop, Think & Then Make A Move' post on MS Dhoni after CSK win.
After CSK won the IPL 2023 final, Mumbai Police shared a post on MS Dhoni on Instagram. The post that read, "Stop, Think & Then Make A Move. Champions always play by the rules & never miss a signal," went viral on social media. Reacting to the post, an Instagram user wrote, "Mumbai Police always amazes us."

Well done GT on picking him at base price: Ashwin on Sai who top-scored in IPL 2023 final.
Ravichandran Ashwin praised GT batter Sai Sudharsan who top-scored in IPL 2023 final with 96(47) by calling him a "proper player". "Sai...from Alwarpet cc to Jolly Rovers cc to Tamil Nadu cricket team took 3 years...Where next?" Ashwin tweeted. "Well done GT on picking him at base price," he added. Sudharsan was bought for ₹20 lakh in IPL 2022 auction.

Dhoni needs to consider political arena, he's an obvious future leader: Mahindra.
Businessman Anand Mahindra has said that while he is pleased that MS Dhoni might play another IPL season, he's not hoping for longer. "I believe he (Dhoni) needs to consider the political arena," he tweeted. Giving an example of the time they worked together, Mahindra said, "His intellectual agility matches his agility on the sports-field...He is an obvious future leader."

Need concrete reason to take down betting apps in India: Apple to govt.
Apple has reportedly told the government that it needs a "concrete reason or a legal requirement" to comply with the government's order of removing betting apps from its App Store, The Economic Times reported. Apple has not refused to comply with the February order to remove the apps. However, it said that it cannot "arbitrarily" remove the betting apps.

Condoms, birth control pills in makeup boxes part of MP govt's wedding scheme.
Condoms and birth control pills were found inside makeup boxes distributed among the couples at a mass wedding in Madhya Pradesh's Jhabua as part of the state government's wedding scheme. The wedding event was organised under CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan's Kanya Vivah Yojana. A senior district official blamed the state health department for adding the items to the kit.

Woman alleges sexual exploitation at UP Bhawan in Delhi, FIR filed.
An FIR has been filed against the National President of the Maharana Pratap Sena, Rajvardhan Singh Parmar, after a woman alleged he sexually exploited her at UP Bhawan in Delhi. He allegedly took her to a room to meet two UP ministers but abused her. The room was sealed on orders of UP Additional Chief Secretary SP Goyal.

Video shows Sahil talking to a man moments before stabbing 16-yr-old girlfriend in Delhi.
A CCTV footage showing 20-year-old Sahil moments before he murdered his 16-year-old girlfriend to death in Delhi has surfaced online. He could be seen talking to a man in Shahbad Dairy area on Sunday before stabbing the victim multiple times and hitting her with a rock. Sahil has been sent to police remand for two days.

Mentally unstable elderly woman cremates husband at home in Andhra.
A 58-year-old woman cremated her husband at her home using discarded cartons, old books and pieces of cloth after he passed away due to ill health in Andhra Pradesh's Kurnool. According to police, the woman, who is mentally unstable, claimed their two sons had abandoned them. Local residents alerted the police when they noticed smoke coming out of the house.

Amit Shah meets civil society members in violence-hit Manipur.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Tuesday met civil society members and a group of women in Manipur, where violence has claimed over 70 lives so far. The meeting was also attended by CM N Biren Singh. Shah had earlier said no one, who is spreading violence, will be spared and assured that justice will be done.

Putin gets immunity from arrest for BRICS Summit in South Africa.
South African government has granted immunity from arrest and detention to all international participants, including Russia President Vladimir Putin, at BRICS-related events that will be held in the country. A warrant for Putin's arrest was issued by International Criminal Court (ICC). South Africa, which is an ICC member, is obliged to arrest Putin when he is in the country.

All drones launched by Ukraine towards Moscow destroyed: Russia.
Russia claimed that Ukraine launched one of its biggest drone attacks on Moscow on Tuesday. All drones sent by Kyiv have been destroyed, Russian news agencies said, quoting Russia's Defence Ministry. Moscow's Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that Tuesday's drone attack on the capital caused "minor" damage to several buildings but did not cause serious injury to anyone.

Katrina can't play middle-class bahu: 'Zara...' director Laxman.
'Zara Hatke Zara Bachke' director Laxman Utekar, when asked about not casting actress Katrina Kaif in the movie, said he doesn't think she can look like daughter-in-law of a middle-class joint family. "Do you think...she can look like a small-town heroine?" he asked. "If we get a good script, I would love to work with Vicky and Katrina," he added.

My lines made no sense: Priyanka on film she hated doing.
Priyanka Chopra, in an interview, talked about the "tough" experience of acting in a film that she hated. Without revealing the film's name, Priyanka said, "I can tell you the experience was pretty hateful. I used to just wait around for hours. My lines made no sense." "I was constantly a damsel, which I'm kind of not," she added.

Sanjay dubbed for 'Zanjeer' before going to jail next day: Apoorva.
Filmmaker Apoorva Lakhia recalled that Sanjay Dutt completed the dubbing of his 2013 film 'Zanjeer' a day before surrendering to the police in the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts case. "He was going to be picked up by...cops at 1:30 the next day, and he called me and said, 'Bro...Come to my house tonight and do my dubbing'," Apoorva said.

People want to see female protagonists: Rani on 'Mrs...' being hit.
Actress Rani Mukerji, while talking about 'Mrs Chatterjee Vs Norway', said the movie is a hit because people want to see strong female protagonists on the big screen. "There is constant chatter whether women-centric films are box office draws...it is not just about...how much [the film] collects at the box office...one should also factor in...cost of the film," she added.

Pietersen shares video of Bishop calling out CSK's winning moments.
Cricketer-turned-commentator Kevin Pietersen has shared a video of Ian Bishop calling out the winning moments of the IPL 2023 final as CSK defeated GT to secure their fifth IPL title. "A privilege to be there at the end with Ravi Shastri and Bishop," wrote Pietersen. "Never bet against MS Dhoni and CSK," Bishop can be heard saying in the video.

22 MLAs, 9 MPs want to leave Shinde's Shiv Sena: Sena (UBT) MP.
Shiv Sena (UBT) MP Vinayak Raut has claimed that 22 MLAs and nine Lok Sabha MPs from Maharashtra CM Eknath Shinde's Shiv Sena want to leave the party and are upset with BJP. He also claimed that state minister Shambhuraj Desai has conveyed to party chief Uddhav Thackeray that Shinde faction's legislators are "feeling suffocated". Desai has denied the claim.

Centre artificially-kept high prices of petrol: Chidambaram.
Congress leader P Chidambaram accused Centre of "profiteering" at the expense of the people by raising fuel taxes and stated that Centre "artificially-kept" high prices of petrol and diesel. Quoting a news article, the former Finance Minister said that when the price of petrol went down after touching high during the Russia-Ukraine war, Centre didn't pass the benefit to people.

Good governance, welfare of the poor: JP Nadda on BJP's 9 years.
As the BJP completed its nine years in office, party President JP Nadda said that the BJP made historic achievements in the areas of national security, self-reliance, economic empowerment, among others. He added, "The nine years of the Modi government are made up of service, good governance and the welfare of the poor."

Not in habit of Scindia family to put people down: Jyotiraditya.
Union Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia, when asked to comment on Congress leader Kamal Nath, said that I am not among those leaders who comment on other leaders. God has given this life to work for people and it's not in the tradition of BJP and Scindia family to put people down but it is Congress which does that, he added.

Cambodian King pays tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat, clip out.
King of Cambodia Norodom Sihamoni, who arrived in India for a three-day visit, laid a wreath at Rajghat in Delhi and paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on Tuesday. A video of the same has also surfaced online. Notably, Cambodian King also met President Droupadi Murmu, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other officials at the Rashtrapati Bhavan.

4,000 women across India undertaking Haj without male guardians.
Around 4,000 women across India, including 39 from Delhi, are undertaking Haj pilgrimage this year without 'mahram' (male guardians), which is the highest number till date, Delhi Haj Committee Chief Kausar Jahan said. "This is a big step towards women empowerment," she added. "We have also added physical sessions in our Haj programme this year," Jahan further said.

18-yr-old drowns while taking dip in Ganga river on Ganga Dussehra.
An 18-year-old boy drowned while taking a dip in the Ganga river in Uttar Pradesh's Ballia on the occasion of Ganga Dussehra on Tuesday, police said. The deceased was from the Chhapra district in Bihar, the police added. He was taken to a community health centre, where he was declared brought dead.

Badge of Honour: US Senator as Russia issues warrant against him.
After Russia issued an arrest warrant against him, US Senator Lindsey Graham said, "I'll wear the arrest warrant...as a Badge of Honour." Russia issued the warrant after Graham allegedly said "Russians are dying" and described the US assistance to Ukraine as "the best money they've ever spent" during his meeting with Ukraine's President. Notably, Graham has denied making these comments.

Whale suspected to be Russian spy appears off Sweden's coast.
A beluga whale which was suspected to be a Russian spy when it appeared off the coast of Norway in 2019 has made a reappearance near Sweden. The whale, 'Hvaldimir', was suspected of being trained by Russian Navy and was first discovered near Norway's Finnmark region, where it spent over three years. The whale was then spotted wearing man-made harness.

China has declined meeting with US defence chief: Pentagon.
China has rejected US' proposal for US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin to meet with his Chinese counterpart Li Shangfu at an annual security forum in Singapore this weekend, the Pentagon said. "China's concerning unwillingness to engage in meaningful military-to-military discussions will not diminish [our] commitment to seeking open lines of communication with the Chinese military," Pentagon added.

Won’t hesitate in sharing recipes with other cooperatives: Amul MD.
Amul MD Jayen Mehta said he won't hesitate in sharing product recipes with sister cooperatives. "All our recipes are open to [sister cooperatives]. We will not hesitate in sharing our recipes, which are traditionally secret, with any of our sister cooperatives," Mehta said. Amul ice creams have been packed at Nandini facilities for over 25 years, he added.

Wrestlers to throw medals in Ganga River today at 6pm amid protests.
Amid protests against sexual harassment accused WFI chief Brij Bhushan, Bajrang Punia said that protesting wrestlers will throw their medals in Ganga River in Haridwar on Tuesday at 6pm. He added that they will fast until death at India Gate. This comes after protesters' clash with Delhi Police on Sunday while they were marching to the new Parliament.

Not quitting acting, my statement misunderstood: Actress Dipika Kakar on reports.
Reacting to reports claiming that she is quitting acting, actress Dipika Kakar said, "People misunderstood my comments from my previous interview." Kakar, who is pregnant, further said that she always wanted to be a housewife and take care of her husband and family, but that should not be mistaken as an end to her acting career.

MS Dhoni signs autograph on broadcast camera after IPL 2023 win, IPL shares video.
CSK captain MS Dhoni signed an autograph on the broadcast camera after winning IPL 2023. The IPL shared a video of the same. Reacting to CSK winning IPL 2023, a fan tweeted, "It ended...the way just like most of us wanted it to." CSK defeated GT on the last ball to win their fifth IPL title.

ChatGPT used to cheat in state civil services exam, accused earned ₹1.1 cr: Report.
One of the accused in the Telangana State Public Service Commission paper leak case reportedly used ChatGPT to help other candidates cheat. The man allegedly accessed the question papers through a principal at the exam centre, used ChatGPT to obtain answers and relayed them to candidates using bluetooth earphones. He is said to have earned around ₹1.1 crore from candidates.

Govt issues warning on tax refund scam, says 'Don't click on suspicious links'.
The government's cyber-safety handle on Twitter has issued a warning about tax refund scam, asking taxpayers not to click on suspicious links. Under this scam, taxpayers receive email or SMS regarding tax refund and are redirected to a fake Income Tax website. Once they enter their bank details and sensitive information on the website, they're recorded and misused for cybercrime.

Challenges in Manipur haven't disappeared: CDS Anil Chauhan.
Speaking on violence-hit Manipur, Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) General Anil Chauhan on Tuesday said the challenges in the state haven't disappeared and it will take some time. "The situation now in Manipur is not insurgency-related but is a clash between two ethnicities. It is a law and order situation that we are helping the state government with," he added.

Congress delegation submits memorandum to Prez on Manipur violence.
Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge-led delegation on Tuesday submitted a memorandum to President Droupadi Murmu regarding the situation in Manipur. The party had put forth 12 demands, including setting up of a high-level inquiry commission headed by a serving or retired judge of Supreme Court, Jairam Ramesh said. We expect the ruling regime to take concrete steps, the memorandum said.

People didn't inform us for 25-30 mins: Delhi Police on 16-yr-old girl's murder.
Delhi Police has said there was a delay of about 25-30 minutes in informing them about the murder of a 16-year-old girl by her 20-year-old boyfriend Sahil in the Shahbad Dairy area. None of the onlookers seen on CCTV informed police, an officer added. A team rushed to the spot around 9:30 pm after an informer told police about it.

I want Sahil to be hanged: Mother of 16-year-old girl stabbed to death in Delhi.
Parents of 16-year-old girl who was murdered by her 20-year-old boyfriend Sahil in Delhi have demanded death penalty for him. "I want him to be hanged. I want him to die the way my daughter died," the girl's mother said. The CCTV visuals of the incident showed Sahil stabbing the girl multiple times and hitting her with a rock.

₹10 lakh aid declared for families of those killed in Manipur clashes.
The central and Manipur governments have announced a compensation package of ₹10 lakh for families of people killed during the ethnic violence in the state, officials said on Tuesday. A family member of the deceased will also be given a job. The decision was taken at a meeting between Union Home Minister Amit Shah and State CM N Biren Singh.

Govt releases 9 pics of PM Modi as he completes 9 years in power.
As the BJP-led government completed nine years in power on Tuesday, the government released nine pictures of PM Narendra Modi in the latest edition of New India Samachar. "These photographs vividly depict how, under PM Modi's leadership, the country's glory has grown from within the country to abroad in the last nine years," the government stated.

Was told 'You're quiet': Sonam on being fired 6 days before shoot.
Actress Sonam Bajwa recalled that she signed a three-film deal with a "very big production house". She added that she attended workshops and learnt new skills for the film. "But six days before, they said that the director feels extremely nervous because it's his first time and you're very quiet," she added. She said it was a blessing in disguise.

Faraaz was given just 80 shows, was shown at 10:30pm: Hansal Mehta.
Filmmaker Hansal Mehta said that he is thankful for OTT platforms because the stories that he wants to tell find an audience there. "Faraaz...was released almost apologetically. It had shows at...10:30 pm...Who goes to theatres at that time? And just 80 shows around the country," Hansal said. "The moment it dropped on Netflix, it found an audience," he added.

Sachin Tendulkar pens note on IPL 2023 final, says 'What a finish'.
Cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar took to Twitter to pen a note after CSK defeated GT on the final ball of the IPL 2023 final to win their record-equalling fifth IPL title. "What a finish to one of the most enthralling IPL seasons ever!" wrote Sachin, congratulating the MS Dhoni-led side. "Both teams won all our hearts!" he added.

Have not stepped back, just temporarily on hold: Sakshee after FIR.
Wrestler Sakshee Malikkh, who was reportedly booked for rioting and obstructing public servants, expressed disappointment over the FIR filed against her and said that protestors have not stepped back from the protest but are temporarily on hold. She added, "The police filed an FIR against us, however, we were doing a peaceful protest...We didn't damage any public property."

Chinese men play French Open's main draw for 1st time in 86 yrs.
Tennis players Shang Juncheng, Wu Yibing and Zhang Zhizhen created history on Monday as they became the first Chinese men to compete in the first round of the French Open since 1937. Out of the three, Zhang Zhizhen moved to the second round, becoming the first man from the nation to win a match at Roland Garros in 86 years.

'MVA ahead of NDA' in vote share in Maha, Swamy says citing survey.
Former Rajya Sabha MP Subramanian Swamy on Tuesday cited a Sakal news paper survey and claimed that if elections are held now in Maharashtra, then the "[Maha Vikas Aghadi (MVA) is] 8.4% ahead of NDA in vote share". "Wake up Maharashtra BJP," he tweeted. He also claimed that the same issue is affecting BJP in Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh.

Sisodia to move SC as Delhi HC dismisses bail plea in liquor case.
Delhi ex-Deputy CM Manish Sisodia will move the Supreme Court against the Delhi High Court's decision to dismiss his bail plea in connection with the alleged liquor policy case, ANI reported. The High Court noted that Sisodia is an influential person and due to this, possibility of witnesses being influenced cannot be ruled out. A single-judge bench pronounced the judgement.

Just giving statements won't work: Tiwari on 16-yr-old's murder.
Reacting to the murder of a 16-year-old girl in Delhi's Rohini, BJP MP Manoj Tiwari said that the accused should be given harsh punishment and it should be such that people would think 100 times before committing such crimes. "Delhi Police should set an example in society through this case...Just giving statements in the matter won't work," he added.

20-year-old who killed 16-yr-old girlfriend sent to police remand.
The 20-year-old man, Sahil, who allegedly stabbed his 16-year-old girlfriend multiple times in Delhi, has been sent to police remand for two days. The accused was arrested in UP’s Bulandshahr on Monday. The accused reportedly smashed the victim's head with a stone several times before escaping. The post-mortem report revealed that the victim's skull was ruptured due to the attack.

21-year-old Indian-origin student shot dead in US' Philadelphia.
A 21-year-old Indian-origin student was shot dead in Philadelphia during a robbery attempt, reports stated. The incident happened when Jude Chacko was returning from his part-time job on Sunday. Chacko's parents reportedly migrated to the US around 30 years ago from Kerala. Earlier, a 24-year-old student from Andhra Pradesh was shot dead at a fuel station in Ohio in April.

Not allowing same-sex marriage is unconstitutional: Japan's court.
A Japanese lower court on Tuesday ruled that not allowing same-sex marriage is unconstitutional. Lead lawyer Yoko Mizushima said, "This ruling has rescued us from the hurt of last year's ruling that said there was nothing wrong with...ban." Mizushima was referring to a last year's judgement when a district court in Osaka ruled that the ban doesn't violate the constitution.

Man dies from lightning strike while paddleboarding in Greece.
A 26-year-old British man has been killed after he was reportedly hit by lightning while paddleboarding in Greece. The man's girlfriend was filming him in the sea off the beach in Agia Agathi, Rhodes, when lightning struck the water near him, causing him to fall into the sea injured, reports stated. An investigation is now underway into the incident.

Ex-Pak PM Imran Khan summoned over May 9 attack on Jinnah House.
Former Pakistan PM Imran Khan has been summoned by a joint investigation team probing the violent attack on the Jinnah House in Lahore on May 9. Jinnah House was torched by people following the protests against Shehbaz Sharif-led Pakistan government over Khan's arrest. Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief Khan was arrested in a corruption case and was released on bail later.

Tinubu sworn in as Nigeria Prez amid Oppn's election fraud claims.
Nigeria's President-elect Bola Ahmed Tinubu was sworn into office on Monday at a ceremony in the capital Abuja. The 71-year-old was elected in February but Opposition parties are still contesting his victory in courts claiming electoral fraud. While rejecting the allegation, Tinubu called the transfer of power as "our enduring faith in representative government".

India's real GDP growth rate in FY24 projected at 6.4%: RBI.
RBI projected in its annual report that India's real GDP growth rate in FY24 will be at 6.4%. It expects real GDP growth rate to be at 7.8% in Q1, 6.2% in Q2, 6% in Q3 and 5.8% in Q4 with "risks broadly balanced". "Elevated inflation remained a major risk to the [real GDP growth rate] outlook," the report added.

New HUL CEO, set to take over in 1 month, to get ₹26 cr in FY24.
Rohit Jawa, who is set to take over as the new CEO and MD of Hindustan Unilever (HUL) in under a month, will earn ₹26.26 crore in FY24, the firm said in its annual report. Jawa's pay includes mobility-linked allowances of ₹4.83 crore. Jawa's salary for FY24 exceeds that of outgoing CEO Sanjiv Mehta's in FY23, which was ₹22.36 crore.

Manish Sisodia's bail plea in liquor policy case dismissed by HC.
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday dismissed the bail plea of AAP leader and former Deputy CM Manish Sisodia in connection to the alleged liquor policy scam. A single-judge bench termed the allegations serious and noted that since Sisodia is a powerful person, there is a possibility of him influencing the witnesses if he is granted bail.

Amritsar-Katra bus carried more people than limit: Police as 10 killed in accident.
The Amritsar-Katra bus, that fell into a deep gorge in Jammu on Tuesday killing 10 people and injuring 55 others, was carrying more people than the prescribed limit, Jammu SSP Chandan Kohli said. The bus was taking pilgrims to the Mata Vaishno Devi shrine. DGP J&K Police Dilbag Singh, who met the injured, said two-three people are critical.

Randeep says Veer Savarkar inspired Subhas Chandra Bose; Netaji's grandnephew replies.
Announcing his film 'Swatantrya Veer Savarkar', actor Randeep Hooda tweeted, "The most wanted Indian by British. The inspiration behind revolutionaries like- Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, Bhagat Singh & Khudiram Bose. Who was #VeerSavarkar?" Responding to this, Netaji's grandnephew Chandra Kumar Bose said Netaji was only inspired by Swami Vivekananda and freedom fighter Deshbandhu Chittaranjan Das.

Jadeja shares pics with Dhoni after winning IPL, says 'We did it for one & only MS Dhoni'.
CSK all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja, who hit the winning runs for CSK in their IPL 2023 final victory against GT, took to Twitter to share pictures with captain MS Dhoni. He wrote, "We did it for one and only MS Dhoni. Mahi bhai, aapke liye toh kuch bhi (Anything for you, Mahi bhai)." CSK clinched their fifth IPL title.

Sakshee congratulates Dhoni, says 'Happy at least some sportspersons are getting respect'.
Wrestler Sakshee Malikkh congratulated MS Dhoni and CSK on winning IPL 2023. She tweeted, "Congratulations MS Dhoni ji and CSK. We're happy that at least some sportspersons are getting respect and love they deserve. For us, the fight for justice is still on." Sakshee and other wrestlers are protesting in Delhi, demanding arrest of WFI President Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh.

Tax notices sent to startups over investments above ₹100 crore: Reports.
The Income Tax Department has reportedly sent notices to several startups, including those with unicorn valuations ($1 billion or above). The notices have sought an explanation on the nature and source of some unaccounted investments made between FY19 and FY21. Reportedly, investments of ₹100 crore and above are being questioned by the Income Tax Department.

Govt shares 4 important reasons for world's strong trust in India.
The government has shared four important reasons for world's strong trust in India. "1) A decisive government at the center. 2) Unprecedented investment in modern infrastructure. 3) Investment in the skill of the youth. 4) Commitment to Ease of Living and Ease of Doing Business," the government wrote in the latest edition of New India Samachar.

Which factors pose a risk to India's growth as per the RBI?.
Slowing global growth, protracted geopolitical tensions and a possible upsurge in financial market volatility could pose downside risks to India's growth, as stated in the RBI's annual report for 2022-23. Domestic economic activity faces challenges from uninspiring global outlook, but resilient domestic macroeconomic and financial conditions place India at an advantageous position, the RBI said.

Wipro sees 2 top-level exits, total exits in under 1 yr now at 14.
Wipro Senior Vice Presidents Mohd Haque and Ashish Saxena, who have been with the firm for nearly 13 and six years respectively, have decided to exit. Haque led Wipro's healthcare division while Saxena led the manufacturing division. With their exit, which Wipro confirmed, the total number of top-level executives leaving Wipro in under one year has reached at least 14.

A 16-yr-old won't fight on such topics: Paras on 'Anupamaa' fights.
Actor Paras Kalnawat, while speaking about the show 'Anupamaa', that he was earlier a part of, said that actors used to have "literal fights" during the show. "And everyone...including me, would get dragged into it," he added. "They were pulling the other person down...You won't even see a 16-year-old fighting over topics they used to fight about," he further said.

Even in a spoon: Priyanka on checking herself out since childhood.
Actress Priyanka Chopra, when asked if she checks her reflection when she passes a storefront, said that she does that on any reflective surface. "It could be a spoon too...I will check myself out...[I have done that] since...I was a child," Priyanka added. She also said her singer-husband Nick Jonas tells her that she snores but she denies it.

Aryan's arrest was a message that this can be done to anyone: Shah.
While referring to Aryan Khan's arrest in drugs case by Narcotics Control Bureau in 2021, Naseeruddin Shah said, "I think the imprisonment of...Aryan...was a message that if we can do this [to] Shah Rukh Khan we can do it to anybody...so watch out." Naseeruddin said there is nothing new about Hindi film industry's stance on staying "mum on important issues".

Martin Scorsese announces film on Jesus Christ after meeting Pope.
Martin Scorsese announced that he would be making a film on Jesus Christ after meeting Pope Francis in Vatican City, Variety reported. "I have responded to the Pope's appeal to artists in the only way I know how: by imagining and writing a screenplay for a film about Jesus...I'm about to start making it," the Academy Award-winning filmmaker said.

My husband Nick tells me I snore but I deny it: Priyanka Chopra.
When asked if she snores, actress Priyanka Chopra said that her singer-husband Nick Jonas tells her that she does. "But I deny it. I don't snore," she added. She also said that she would pick paranthas over burgers. Priyanka further said that she checks herself out on any reflective surface. "It could be a spoon too," she added.

Pollard has catching-up to do: Bravo as CSK equal MI's record.
CSK bowling coach Dwayne Bravo jokingly said his "best friend" Kieron Pollard has "some catching-up" to do after CSK defeated GT in IPL 2023 final to equal MI's record for winning five IPL titles. "I hope my best friend Pollard is also watching," said Bravo after their win. Both Pollard and Bravo took coaching roles with their ex-franchises this season.

LSG share pics of 4 finishes in IPL 2023, ask fans their favourite.
LSG have shared pictures from four close matches in IPL 2023, asking fans to pick their "best thriller". First picture is of IPL 2023 final and second of LSG's last-ball win against RCB. The third is of SRH's win over RR due to the last-ball no-ball and the final picture is of Rinku Singh's five straight sixes against GT.

MK Stalin congratulates CSK, says 'MS Dhoni is man with a plan'.
Tamil Nadu CM MK Stalin congratulated Chennai Super Kings for winning their fifth IPL trophy and lauded MS Dhoni for his captaincy, saying that he is a "man with a plan for every situation". He added, "Congratulations to the yellow brigade of CSK…Jadeja, who held his nerve in the face of adversity, has sealed a historic victory for CSK."

All it takes is a nano-second: Gavaskar on Dhoni stumping Gill.
Reacting to CSK captain MS Dhoni's stumping to dismiss GT batter Shubman Gill, former India captain Sunil Gavaskar said, "Look at that...all it takes is a nano-second." "The ball enters the gloves and whiff… just like that the bails are dislodged," Gavaskar added. The IPL shared a picture which revealed Dhoni took 0.1 seconds to stump Gill.

RBI to expand ongoing e₹ pilot projects to more locations & banks.
RBI aims to expand pilot projects for central bank digital currency (CBDC), referred to as e₹, to more banks and locations in FY24, it said in its annual report. "RBI aims at expanding ongoing pilots in CBDC-Retail and CBDC-Wholesale by incorporating various use cases and features," the report said. RBI had launched the CBDC-Retail pilot on December 1, 2022.

Apple may expand trade-in scheme for MacBooks on June 5: Report.
Apple is planning to expand its trade-in scheme on June 5, the first day of WWDC, for users to exchange a range of old MacBook models with newer ones, Bloomberg reported. The scheme will reportedly cover Mac Studio, 13-inch M2 MacBook Air and 13-inch M2 MacBook Pro. The scheme may let users obtain credit towards the rumoured 15-inch MacBook Air.

Shows govt's failure in J&K: Mufti after terrorists kill civilian.
After a civilian was shot dead by terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir's Anantnag, PDP chief Mehbooba Mufti has said that she is "deeply anguished" by the incident. The deceased, Deepu, was working at a private circus mela at an amusement park. "This speaks volumes about [the central government's] policy which [has] been a monumental failure in J&K," she added.

Should be ashamed: FM Sitharaman on Rahul Gandhi's China Remark.
Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman criticised Congress leader Rahul Gandhi for his remark on Indian government's policies on China and said that he should be "ashamed" for making such statements. "He is briefed by the Chinese Ambassador but he doesn't listen to what our External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar says on the topic," she added.

Armyman gored to death as bull hits 2-wheeler in UP; family hurt.
An Indian Army soldier was gored to death while his wife and two children were critically injured after a stray bull hit their two-wheeler near a village in Uttar Pradesh's Amroha on Monday. The deceased had taken a leave to attend a friend's wedding. An SHO said that the animal will be caught and sent to a cow shelter.

Kids forced to chant Christian hymns at MP children's home: NCPCR.
National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) chief Priyank Kanoongo conducted a surprise inspection at a children's home, operated by a missionary, in Madhya Pradesh's Katni and alleged that the children complained about harassment. He also claimed that Hindu tribal and Dalit children were being "forced to chant Christian hymns". An FIR has been filed in the matter.

Spanish PM calls snap elections after setbacks in local polls.
Spanish PM Pedro Sanchez said the country would hold an early general election on July 23. The move comes after Sanchez's Socialist Party suffered setbacks in regional elections on Sunday. Sanchez became PM in 2018 after winning a vote of no confidence in Parliament against PM Mariano Rajoy. He then led the Socialists to a general election victory in 2019.

Italian man keeps mother's corpse for yrs to keep getting pension.
A 60-year-old Italian man lived with his mother's corpse for six years so he could keep collecting her pension. The woman died six years ago aged 86, but her son told neighbours she'd moved back to her native place in Germany, while her corpse remained inside their property. The woman's badly decomposed, mummified corpse was found zipped into a bag.

Russian lawmaker threatens to attack US state of Alaska.
During an appearance on Russian state-run television, Russian lawmaker Andrey Gurulev reportedly threatened to attack the US state of Alaska. "[Our]...ballistic [and] cruise missiles are quite capable of scouring Alaska to the ground. It doesn't take much, a couple of brigades will suffice," Gurulev said. On being asked why should Russia attack Alaska, he replied, "To make them feel scared."

Drone attack on several buildings in Russian capital.
Drones hit several buildings in Moscow, the Mayor of the Russian capital, Sergei Sobyanin, said, adding that the attack caused "minor" damage and no serious injuries. "All emergency services of the city are at the scene of incidents," Sobyanin added. Local media reported that some residents of a building on Moscow's Profsoyuznaya Street in the city's south were being evacuated.

Full list of IPL 2023 award winners with cash prize released.
GT opener Shubman Gill won 'Orange Cap' for scoring the most runs (890), while GT pacer Mohammad Shami won 'Purple Cap' for taking the most wickets (28) in IPL 2023. RR's Yashasvi Jaiswal won the 'Emerging Player' award, while RCB's Faf du Plessis won the award for longest six. RCB all-rounder Glenn Maxwell was named 'Electric Striker' of the season.

Fans troll BCCI as groundsmen use sponge to dry pitch at Narendra Modi Stadium.
The BCCI has been trolled after groundsmen used sponge to dry pitch and wet outfield during IPL 2023 final between GT and CSK at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. "Where is all the money going?" a fan tweeted. "BCCI is the richest board, it should use modern technology," wrote another.

MS Dhoni asks Ambati Rayudu, Ravindra Jadeja to collect IPL trophy with him, pics viral.
CSK captain MS Dhoni asked Ambati Rayudu and Ravindra Jadeja to collect the trophy with him after winning IPL 2023, with pictures going viral on social media. Notably, IPL 2023 final was Rayudu's last IPL match as he had announced his retirement ahead of the final. Meanwhile, Jadeja scored the winning runs off the last ball to help CSK win.

GT will be back stronger next year: Google CEO Sundar Pichai as CSK win IPL final.
After CSK won the IPL 2023 trophy, Google CEO Sundar Pichai tweeted, "Some final that one! Great IPL as always and congrats to CSK! and GT will be back stronger next year!" CSK all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja had hit six and four on last two deliveries to help CSK win IPL 2023 final by five wickets against GT.

MS Dhoni gets teary-eyed while hugging Ravindra Jadeja after IPL 2023 win, pic goes viral.
CSK captain MS Dhoni got teary-eyed while hugging Ravindra Jadeja after winning the IPL 2023 final against GT, with a picture going viral. Jadeja slammed a six and a four on last two deliveries of match as CSK clinched their fifth IPL title. "I'm seeing MS Dhoni being so emotional for the first time," a fan commented on the picture.

People will come to office to differentiate themselves from a robot: PwC UK chief.
The latest wave of AI will likely bring people back to office, Chairman of PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) UK, Kevin Ellis, said. "People are going to want to learn from others face-to-face, and the best way a human can differentiate themselves from a robot is in person," he explained. Working from home is second-best, the best is being in office, he added.

Filled with gratitude as we complete 9 yrs in nation's service: PM.
PM Narendra Modi on Tuesday said he is filled with humility and gratitude as the BJP-led government in Centre completed nine years. "Every decision made, every action taken, has been guided by the desire to improve the lives of people," he tweeted. In a tweet, BJP wrote, "Let's celebrate nine incredible years of development, transformation and welfare of Modi government."

Prez, PM attend Cambodian King's welcome at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
President Droupadi Murmu and PM Narendra Modi on Tuesday attended the ceremonial welcome of Cambodian King Norodom Sihamoni at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in Delhi. Sihamoni, who is on a three-day visit, had arrived in the national capital a day earlier. This is the first time a Cambodian King is visiting India in nearly 60 years.

Accidental firing of BrahMos missile into Pakistan cost India ₹24 cr: Govt tells HC.
The accidental firing of a BrahMos missile into Pakistan cost India ₹24 crore, the government told the Delhi High Court, while justifying the dismissal of three IAF officers for gross negligence. The government mentioned that the decision to dismiss the officers was taken in the IAF after 23 years as "facts and circumstances of the case warranted such action".

Mass shooting at beach in US, 9 people injured.
At least nine people, including three children, have been wounded in a mass shooting at a beach in Florida, US. The police have not released further details about the ages of the victims, but all of them were in stable condition, according to a hospital spokesperson. Preliminary investigation showed that an altercation between two groups resulted in gunfire.

We used to do films for friends when they had a rough patch: Anil.
Actor Anil Kapoor said that in his generation, actors used to do films to help friends and relatives during a rough patch. "If God has given you that opportunity...where you can be of some kind of support to a person who...you know is extremely talented but is going through a rough patch...so you stand by him [or] her," Anil added.

Great to see memes: 'The Family...' writer on mangalsutra scene.
'The Family Man' dialogue writer Sumit Arora spoke about the viral mangalsutra scene in the series. He said that it feels great to see memes of his dialogues. "The mangalsutra dialogue indeed became quite popular...After he (Manoj Bajpayee) catches the guy (the thief), I decided to drag it further. The woman too scolds him and demands, 'Nikaal mangalsutra'," Arora added.

CSK players dance while lifting IPL trophy, franchise shares video.
CSK have shared a video of their celebrations after their last-ball win against GT in the IPL 2023 final. In the video, CSK players can be seen singing and dancing as they lifted the IPL trophy. Interestingly, in one of the pictures of CSK's celebrations, MS Dhoni was seen standing behind as his teammates celebrated with the trophy.

MS Dhoni develops the young, reinvents the old: Tom Moody.
Talking about MS Dhoni's leadership skills, former Australia cricketer Tom Moody said Dhoni has the ability to get the "very best" out of every player. He stated that Dhoni is "developing the young and reinventing the old". "Dhoni's leadership on the field is second to none," he added. CSK defeated GT to lift the IPL title for the fifth time.

Russia releases footage of its missile attack at Ukraine.
The Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation on Monday launched a video footage showing its missile attack on Ukraine. Russian forces have destroyed "more than 40 aerial targets" like Turkey-made Bayraktar drones and HIMARS self-propelled artillery system projectiles during the attack, the ministry said. Notably, Turkey has remained neutral in the Russia-Ukraine conflict.

PM's job is to provide employment, not inaugurate trains: Kanhaiya.
Congress leader Kanhaiya Kumar criticised the BJP over unfulfilled promises, saying that the BJP promised "acche din" but didn't fulfil it. He further said that PM Narendra Modi’s job is to provide employment, not inaugurate trains. He added, "They (BJP) promised to build 100 smart cities, to bring back black money…But now they are not talking about the promises."

Rahul takes Delhi-Chandigarh ride with truck driver, shares video.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has shared a video of himself taking a six-hour overnight "yatra" from Delhi to Chandigarh with a truck driver and said that he had an "interesting conversation". He added that he took the ride at the driver's request. In the video, truck drivers can be seen discussing their problems with Rahul at a dhaba in Murthal.

Musk's Tesla may participate in India's lithium auction: Report.
Billionaire Elon Musk's EV maker Tesla may participate in the Centre's auction of lithium reserves found in Jammu and Kashmir, ET Now reported. The auction may take place later this year. Apart from Tesla, Japan's Mitsubishi and Ola Electric are also likely to participate in the auction of lithium, which is one of the key components in EV batteries.

Restrictions on heavy vehicles removed on Ashram-DND flyover.
The Ashram-DND flyover extension has now been opened for heavy vehicles after the low-hanging high-tension wires were lifted to a safe level, Delhi Public Works Department (PWD) Minister Atishi announced on Monday. Now, with the removal of restrictions, the reduced travel time for both commercial and private vehicles will lead to improved efficiency and less congestion, the Delhi minister added.

He was sole breadwinner: Family of man killed by terrorists in J&K.
Brother of Deepu, who was shot dead by terrorists in J&K's Anantnag on Monday, said that he was the sole breadwinner of the family. "My eyes are defective for the last four years. My father is visually impaired, he can't work. We are completely destroyed. We want justice. What was our fault?" Deepu's brother added.

UK bars export of Tipu Sultan's sporting gun valued at ₹20 crore.
UK Arts and Heritage Minister Lord Stephen Parkinson has barred the export of a rare 18th-century decorated gun of Mysore's Tipu Sultan. The decision was taken to acquire the "Flintlock Sporting Gun" for the public study of a "fraught period" in the India-UK history. The 14-bore gun, dated between 1793 and 1794, is valued at £2 million (around ₹20 crore).

Male stripper with 'deceptively real-looking gun' held in Germany.
Police in Germany's Frankfurt mistakenly arrested a stripper after being told about a man with a gun, which turned out to be a toy. The man, who was wearing a US police uniform, was carrying a "deceptively realistic-looking toy gun" as part of his costume, police said. The man was hired for a stag party at a pub, they added.

Don't leave shelters: Kyiv mayor on Russia's 3rd attack in 24 hrs.
Russia launched a fresh "massive" wave of attacks on Kyiv in the early hours of Tuesday and air defence systems were engaging incoming targets, city officials said. At least one person died and four were injured as a result of Russia's third attack on Kyiv in 24 hours, officials added. "Do not leave shelters," Mayor Vitali Klitschko said on Telegram.

Libya sentences 23 people to death for Islamic State campaign.
A Libyan court has sentenced 23 people to death and 14 to life in prison for their role in a deadly Islamic State campaign. In 2015, militants attacked a hotel in capital Tripoli, killing at least nine people including five foreigners. Islamic State's Libyan branch was one of the militant group's strongest outside its original territory in Iraq and Syria.

NATO soldiers injured in Kosovo clashes with Serb protesters.
At least 25 NATO peacekeepers were injured after they were attacked by local Serb protesters in northern Kosovo on Monday. The NATO-led peacekeeping Kosovo Force condemned the violence which erupted after ethnic Albanian mayors took office in northern Kosovo following elections boycotted by the Serbs. Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic put the army on the highest level of combat alert.

₹2,000 notes worth ₹17,000 cr exchanged, deposited so far: SBI.
State Bank of India Chairman Dinesh Kumar Khara said ₹2,000 notes worth ₹14,000 crore have been received by the bank as deposits since May 23, when RBI's scheduled withdrawal of the notes began. He said ₹2,000 notes worth ₹3,000 crore have been exchanged through the branch network. "Generally, we are about 20% of the market," Khara added.

Congress' only MP from Maharashtra Balubhau Dhanorkar dies at 48.
Balubhau Dhanorkar, Congress' only Lok Sabha MP from Maharashtra, passed away at the age of 48 on Tuesday. "He was admitted to a Nagpur-based hospital last week for the treatment of kidney stones...He was later shifted to Delhi," Congress' Balasaheb Thorat said. Dhanorkar started his career with Balasaheb Thackeray-led Shiv Sena. He joined Congress and won Chandrapur seat in 2019.

7 killed after Amritsar-Katra bus falls into gorge in Jammu.
At least seven people were killed after a bus, going from Punjab's Amritsar to Jammu and Kashmir's Katra, fell into a deep gorge in Jammu, officials said on Tuesday. According to the Jammu DC, 16 people sustained injuries, of which four are seriously injured. "A crane is being brought...to see if someone is trapped under...bus," CRPF Assistant Commandant said.

I was told you neither look like a hero nor a villain: Manoj Bajpayee.
Recollecting his days of struggle in Mumbai, actor Manoj Bajpayee said people would comment on his looks. "People would comment that you neither look like a hero nor a villain. So they would always put me as a sidekick to the villain, not even hero's friend," Bajpayee added. "Once I was in Mumbai, theatre's absence hit me," he further said.

Destiny had this written for him, I don't mind losing to him: Hardik Pandya on MS Dhoni.
After losing the IPL 2023 final against CSK, GT captain Hardik Pandya said, "I am very happy for MS Dhoni." He added, "Destiny had this written for him. If I had to lose, I don't mind losing to him. I said last year that good things happen to good people. I think he's one of the nicest people I've met."

IAS officer shares 2 suggestions for UPSC aspirants, says 'Have a Plan B for sure'.
IAS officer Arjun Gowda has shared suggestions for UPSC aspirants after they appeared for UPSC Civil Services Prelims. "Have a Plan B for sure. (My plan was to quit after 3 attempts and go for MS Orthopaedics) 2) If you can prepare with a job, then you should do it. (I was a full-time doctor at Medical college)," he wrote.

Ravindra Jadeja hugs wife Rivaba after winning IPL 2023 final on last ball, pics go viral.
CSK all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja hugged his wife Rivaba after winning IPL 2023 final against GT on the last ball, with pictures going viral on social media. Reacting to a picture, a fan tweeted, "If IPL 2023 was a movie then this would have been the poster." Another wrote, "Sharing your success with your partner is a different feeling altogether."

Rayudu equals Rohit's record for winning most IPL titles in his last-ever IPL match.
CSK batter Ambati Rayudu has equalled MI captain Rohit Sharma's record for winning most IPL titles in his last-ever IPL match. CSK's IPL 2023 final win against GT is the sixth time that Rayudu has won an IPL final. Rohit has also won IPL six times. Hardik Pandya, Kieron Pollard and MS Dhoni have won IPL five times each.

Pic of Dhoni standing behind as teammates celebrate with IPL trophy goes viral.
A picture showing CSK captain MS Dhoni standing behind as his teammates celebrated with IPL 2023 trophy has gone viral. Reacting to it, a fan tweeted, "This picture defines MS Dhoni." Another wrote, "Goosebumps." Another tweet read, "Simplicity at its best." CSK clinched their fifth IPL title after defeating GT on last ball in IPL 2023 final.

JioCinema breaks world record with 3.2 crore concurrent viewers during IPL 2023 final.
JioCinema has broken the world record for the most concurrent viewers in a live streamed event on Monday. The number of concurrent viewers breached the 3.2 crore-mark during the last phase of GT's innings in the IPL 2023 final against CSK. CSK went on to win the final by five wickets (DLS method).

Ran 2 miles, did 100 pull-ups, 200 push-ups, 300 squats in 40 mins: Zuckerberg.
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg took to Instagram to reveal that he completed the Murph workout challenge in 39 minutes and 58 seconds. The challenge includes running one mile, doing 100 pull-ups, 200 push-ups, 300 squats, and then running another mile while wearing a 20lb (or, 9kg) vest. "That last push to get under 40 mins was brutal!" Zuckerberg said.

Man extradited to Thailand for killing Indian-origin gangster.
Canadian national Matthew Dupre has been extradited to Thailand in connection with the killing of an Indian-origin gangster in Phuket. Jimi Sandhu was killed in February 2022. A Canadian court had approved the extradition of Dupre last year. A Thai air force flight was used for extradition after commercial airlines declined requests for transport over safety concerns, Thai police said.

N Korea to launch its first military spy satellite in June.
North Korea will launch its first military reconnaissance satellite in June to monitor military movements of the US and its partners, state media KCNA reported. Earlier, North Korea notified Japan about its plan of launching a satellite between May 31 and June 11. Japan has said its forces would shoot down the satellite or debris, if any entered Japanese territory.

They're scared: Shah on artistes' role in time of propaganda films.
Actor Naseeruddin Shah, when asked about the role of artistes in times of propaganda films, said that "they're all scared". "[Their role is] to make [their] voice heard, if it carries any weight, to not participate in movies which clash with [their] own beliefs or any work which clashes with [their] beliefs," Shah added.

We want to kill each other: Shabana on huge fights with Javed.
Actress Shabana Azmi said that she and Javed Akhtar have "huge fights". "[We] want to kill each other but at the end of the day, respecting the other person is important," Shabana said, adding, "We have the same worldview. We were children of parents who were so similar that we should have had an arranged marriage."

Well done CSK, Jadeja is a champion: Kohli on CSK's IPL final win.
India batter Virat Kohli, while reacting to CSK all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja hitting 10 runs off the last two balls to help CSK win the IPL title for the fifth time, said, "What a champion, Ravindra Jadeja." "Well done CSK," Kohli stated. CSK needed 171 runs in 15 overs in a revised total after rain interrupted the match.

I'd like to dedicate this to Dhoni: Jadeja on IPL 2023 final win.
CSK all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja, who hit a six and a four on last two deliveries to help CSK win IPL 2023 final against GT, said, "I'd like to dedicate this win to...MS Dhoni." "I'd like to say a big congratulations to the CSK fans who came to support us," Jadeja stated. CSK won the trophy for the fifth time.

I can smile for the rest of my life: Rayudu on winning IPL in last-ever match.
Speaking after CSK's win against GT in IPL 2023 final, CSK batter Ambati Rayudu said he can now smile for the rest of his life. "All the hard work I've done in the last 30 years, I'm happy I got to finish on this note," he added. Rayudu had announced before the final that it'll be his last IPL match.

I wasn't thinking where to hit, just wanted to swing hard: Jadeja.
CSK's Ravindra Jadeja, who smashed the winning runs to help CSK win IPL 2023, said he wasn't thinking about where to hit when they needed 10 off the last 2 balls against GT. "I was just thinking I need to swing hard, as much as I can," he said. Jadeja smashed a six and a four off Mohit Sharma's bowling.

ChatGPT makes spelling error, apologises after user points it out.
A screenshot of a user's conversation with ChatGPT showing the AI chatbot making a spelling error has gone viral on social media. ChatGPT misspelt the word 'infringing' as 'infrishing'. When the user pointed out the error, the chatbot apologised saying, "Apologies for the confusion. 'Infrishing' seems to be a typographical error." It later explained the meaning of 'infringing' too.

MVA will contest 2024 Lok Sabha polls together: Ajit Pawar.
NCP leader Ajit Pawar on Monday said that Maha Vikas Aghadi (MVA) will contest the Maharashtra Assembly and 2024 Lok Sabha polls together to defeat the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance. "Our top leaders of MVA have made up their mind...and following our seniors we are backing it," he added. The MVA allies include Shiv Sena (UBT), Congress and the NCP.

Ajit Pawar lauds new Parliament, says 'It's built in record time'.
NCP leader Ajit Pawar lauded the new Parliament building, saying that it's built in record time. He added, "Keeping the population of the country in mind, which is crossing 135 crore, the people representing them will also increase. So, I personally feel this new Parliament...was needed…Now in this new building, everyone should work as per the Constitution."

No action against Brij will boost confidence of criminals: Lamba.
Congress leader Alka Lamba criticised the Centre over the standoff between protesting wrestlers and the government, saying that no action against Brij Bhushan will boost the confidence of other criminals. Reacting to the murder of a 16-year-old girl in Delhi, she said, "The question is from where the criminals are getting this kind of courage."

Congress now applying conditions on post-poll guarantees: Bommai.
Former Karnataka CM Basavaraj Bommai accused Congress of cheating voters of Karnataka by attaching conditions to the five guarantees that it had promised ahead of the Assembly polls. "Congress' true colours will come out in open in a few days," he added. Congress should first answer about its guarantees to people before blaming the previous BJP government, Bommai further said.

Al-Qaeda terrorists release video of UP-born slain AQIS chief.
Terror outfit Al-Qaeda has released first-ever video of its slain chief from Uttar Pradesh, Hindustan Times reported. In the video, the slain chief, Asim Umar, can be seen delivering a speech to other terrorists. Umar, who was the chief of Al-Qaeda's Indian branch, was born in Sambhal and later migrated to Pakistan. He was killed by Afghan Intelligence in 2019.

Bystanders must step in: Delhi Police on murder of 16-yr-old girl.
Delhi Police Special Commissioner of Police (Law & Order) Dependra Pathak has said bystanders must step in when they notice a crime being committed. "Such interventions would contain a crime and save a life," he added. Pathak was speaking on the murder of a 16-year-old girl in Delhi. A video shows people watching the act but not helping the victim.

15-yr-old girl charged with 19 murders after fire at Guyana school.
A 15-year-old girl student, who is accused of having started a fire at a school dormitory in Guyana last week, was charged with 19 murders and was ordered to be held in custody. A five-year-old boy and 18 schoolmates were killed in the fire last week. The girl had reportedly started the blaze in anger after her phone was confiscated.

Tragic violation of human rights: US Prez on Uganda's anti-gay law.
US President Joe Biden criticised Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni for signing a new anti-homosexuality law and called it a "tragic violation of universal human rights". He further said US would evaluate the implications of the law "on all aspects of US engagement with Uganda". Museveni has signed the law which can lead to death penalty in cases of "aggravated homosexuality".

MS Dhoni lifts up Ravindra Jadeja after winning IPL 2023 final on last ball, CSK shares pic.
CSK captain MS Dhoni lifted up all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja after CSK won IPL 2023 final on the last ball against GT. Jadeja slammed 10 runs on the last two balls as CSK chased down their revised target of 171 in 15 overs to win their fifth IPL title. CSK shared the picture of Dhoni lifting up Jadeja, writing, "Goosebumps!"

IPL 2023 final to resume at 12.10 am, CSK's target revised to 171 in 15 overs.
The IPL 2023 final between Chennai Super Kings (CSK) and Gujarat Titans (GT) will resume at 12.10 am at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. CSK's target has been revised to 171 runs in 15 overs. GT had put up a total of 214/4, while CSK were batting at 4/0 in 0.3 overs when rain stopped play.

Jadeja scores 10 runs on last 2 balls as CSK defeat GT to win IPL 2023.
CSK defeated GT on last ball in IPL 2023 final at Ahmedabad's Narendra Modi Stadium. GT put up a total of 214/4 in 20 overs. CSK's target was revised to 171 runs in 15 overs after rain interrupted play. Ravindra Jadeja scored 10 runs in last two balls to help CSK equal MI's record for winning most IPL titles (five).

Disguised as wedding guests, Guj Police catch accused absconding for 12 yrs.
Gujarat Police, disguised as guests of a wedding procession, arrested a high-profile accused from his hideout in Madhya Pradesh. The accused had at least 144 cases against him in both the states and had been absconding for around 12 years. The Dahod Local Crime Branch (LCB) was tipped off about the hideout of Pidia Ratna Sangada, who carries a ₹10,000-reward.

Not easy, but it'll be a gift from my side: Dhoni on trying to play another IPL season.
After winning IPL 2023, CSK captain MS Dhoni said the way he has been shown love wherever he went during IPL 2023, he needs to do something for fans. Dhoni added it won't be easy but he'd work hard to play another IPL season. "It'll be a gift from my side," Dhoni said, adding he'll take 6-7 months to decide.

IPL shares video of Jadeja hitting 6 & 4 on last 2 balls to help CSK win IPL 2023 final.
IPL shared a video of CSK all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja hitting six and four on last two deliveries to help CSK win IPL 2023 final against GT. CSK needed 10 runs to win off last two deliveries. Jadeja slammed the second-last ball bowled by Mohit Sharma over long-on for a six. Jadeja then hit a low full-toss for a four.

CSK's Tushar Deshpande sets record for giving away most runs in a season in IPL history.
CSK fast bowler Tushar Deshpande has set the record for giving away most runs in a season in IPL history. The 28-year-old conceded 564 runs in IPL 2023, including 56 runs in the final against GT. The previous record was held by Prasidh Krishna, who conceded 551 runs in IPL 2022 at an economy rate of 8.28.

MS Dhoni gets out for golden duck in IPL 2023 final.
CSK captain MS Dhoni got out for golden duck in the IPL 2023 final against GT. Dhoni came out to bat after the wicket of Ambati Rayudu on the fourth ball of the 13th over. Dhoni was out caught by David Miller at the extra cover on the bowling of Mohit Sharma. Overall, it was Dhoni's fifth duck in IPL.

Sai Sudharsan, who top-scored in IPL 2023 final, was retired out in Qualifier 2.
GT batter Sai Sudharsan, who top-scored in IPL 2023 final against CSK with 96(47), was retired out in Qualifier 2 against MI. Sudharsan was batting on 43 runs off 31 deliveries when he was called back to the pavilion after the 19th over in Qualifier 2. Sudharsan slammed eight fours and six sixes in the IPL 2023 final.

China sends 3 astronauts on Shenzhou-16 to Chinese Space Station.
China has sent three astronauts to its now fully operational space station as part of crew rotation in the fifth manned mission to the station since 2021. The spacecraft, Shenzhou-16, or Divine Vessel, lifted off atop a Long March-2F rocket in the Gobi Desert on Tuesday. The Chinese Space Station was completed in 2022-end after 11 crewed and uncrewed missions.

Gehlot, Pilot agree to fight Rajasthan polls unitedly: Congress' Venugopal.
Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot and his former deputy Sachin Pilot announced that they would be fighting the upcoming state Assembly elections unitedly following a party meeting at Congress chief Mallikarjun Kharge's residence in Delhi on Monday. "Definitely, we'll win the elections," party General Secretary KC Venugopal said. The four-hour-long meeting was attended by party leader Rahul Gandhi.

Jeweller fights off 2 robbers pretending to be customers with rod in Thane.
In a video that has surfaced online, a jeweller in Thane fought off two masked robbers when they entered his store pretending to be customers, before brandishing a pistol. The men reportedly asked the man to show them rings before they started attacking him. The jeweller hit them with an iron rod before raising an alarm.

Odisha man injects newborn daughter with poison, infant critical.
A man in Odisha's Balasore has been detained after his family accused him of trying to kill his newborn daughter, police said on Monday. The accused allegedly injected the infant with a poisonous substance when his wife was taking a bath minutes before the baby's naming ceremony. The infant is being treated at a hospital and is in critical condition.

Civilian working at private circus shot dead by terrorists in J&K.
A civilian named Deepu working at a private circus mela at an amusement park at Janglat Mandi in Jammu and Kashmir's Anantnag was shot dead by the terrorists on Monday, Kashmir Zone Police tweeted. Deepu was a resident of Udhampur. A case has been registered and a probe has been launched, Kashmir Zone Police added.

Amit Shah chairs meeting with CM, ministers over Manipur violence.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah held a meeting with Manipur CM N Biren Singh, Manipur ministers, as well as senior leaders and officials in Imphal over the ongoing violence in the state. Security forces have been deployed and a curfew has been imposed in Imphal following incidents of violence. Amit Shah is on a four-day visit to the state.

Wrestling coach gets 5-yr jail for harassing girls at Maha resort.
A 42-year-old wrestling and lagori coach in Maharashtra was sentenced to five years imprisonment on Monday for sexually harassing students after taking them to a resort under the guise of a state-level sports tournament. Police claimed that the accused made the girls queue up for water sports at the resort and touched them inappropriately at the resort in 2016.

Instagram is my resume, I showcase all talents I've on it: Alaya.
Actress Alaya F spoke about how her Instagram is her resume. "You know how people have lots of hidden talents? I have no hidden talents. Any talents I have, I've put it out [to show]," she shared. Alaya added that she's not trying to create a persona on Instagram and putting out content that's authentic to her personality.

Have friends who've been with me since 1st grade: Mohsin Khan.
Actor Mohsin Khan of 'Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai' fame shared that he's more in touch with his school friends. "I still have friends who became my friends when I was in first standard. We must've been six or seven years old...They're the same people I'm still friends with...hang out with," Mohsin shared. He described himself as an introvert person.

If Shubman doesn't get you, Sai will: Ranveer on Sudharsan's 96.
Discussing GT batter Sai Sudharsan's 96 off 47 balls in the IPL 2023 final against CSK, actor Ranveer Singh tweeted, "If Shubman Gill doesn't get you, Sai will!" "GT's batters have delivered the goods! Fielding follies cost CSK," added Ranveer. "The CSK batters...[have] a mammoth task at hand! [It is] time to dig in and dig deep," he stated.

MSD was like 'Have to sort fielding situation': Prince on stumping.
Reacting to MS Dhoni's stumping to dismiss GT opener Shubman Gill after Gill was earlier dropped by Deepak Chahar, former South Africa captain Ashwell Prince tweeted, "Dhoni was like, 'This fielding situation needs sorting'." "Dhoni then pulls off an absolute boss stumping to get rid of Gill and celebrates like he has blocks of ice in his veins," added Prince.

4G, 5G, sabse tez, Dhoni Ji: Aakash Chopra on Gill's dismissal.
Talking about MS Dhoni reacting in just 0.1 seconds to stump GT opener Shubman Gill in IPL 2023 final, ex-India opener Aakash Chopra tweeted, "4G. 5G. Sabse tez...Dhoni Ji." Reacting to Dhoni's stumping, ex-India opener Virender Sehwag tweeted, "Wow! One can change bank notes from the bank but behind the wickets, one cannot change Dhoni! He's as fast as ever."

Djokovic beats Kovacevic in straight sets in French Open 1st round.
Novak Djokovic entered the second round of French Open following a 6-3 6-2 7-6 (7-1) triumph against American tennis player Aleksandar Kovacevic in the tournament's first round. "It's always a pleasure to come back here, one of the best tournaments in the world. I'm very motivated to go far," he stated. Djokovic will face Hungary's Marton Fucsovics in next round.

Liverpool post video of Firmino's last club goal after 8-yr stint.
Liverpool FC posted a video of Roberto Firmino's last-ever goal for the club after he's set to depart Merseyside following the end of the season. Firmino scored in the 14th minute of Liverpool's 4-4 draw with relegated Southampton on the last day of the Premier League season. Firmino, who joined from Hoffenheim in 2015, has scored 111 goals for Liverpool.

Dutch club Ajax fine midfielder for punching fan after 1-3 loss.
Dutch club Ajax have fined Steven Berghuis after the midfielder punched a fan following the team's 1-3 loss to FC Twente in the Eredivisie. "I regret my action...After every away game, we get a lot of curses...I'm used to it...but people think they can shout anything," said Berghuis. Ajax announced that they "disapprove" of Berghuis' post-match action.

G20 members to develop common framework to define startups.
India's Startup20 Chair Chintan Vaishnav said G20 member countries are working to develop a framework to define startups. "The idea...is to come up with a....framework which is applicable across different economies," Vaishnav stated. He added that discussions will be also held on cross-border investments and supporting startups that are willing to be measured by sustainable development goals.

Bajrang Dal workers exchange fire with cow smugglers in Gurugram.
Bajrang Dal workers allegedly exchanged fire with cattle smugglers on Kundli-Manesar-Palwal Expressway in Gurugram. According to Bajrang Dal member Tinku, the smugglers, travelling in a Scorpio SUV, started firing at them when they tried to catch them. "When we started firing in defence, they fled into the fields," Tinku alleged. Three cows and a calf were rescued, said police.

Polluting kids' minds through texts can't be condoned: K'taka CM.
Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah on Monday said that the act of polluting children's minds through texts and lessons cannot be condoned. "As the academic year has started, we will discuss and take action so that the education of children is not disturbed," he said. He said that there's no question of compromising on protecting the harmony and secular heritage of Karnataka.

What are the DLS targets for CSK if overs are reduced in IPL 2023 final?.
Rain stopped play during IPL 2023 final when CSK were at 4/0 in 0.3 overs. GT have set a target of 215 for CSK. CSK's target will be 207 runs in 19 overs, 198 in 18 overs, 190 in 17 overs, 162 in fourteen overs, 123 in ten overs and 66 runs in five overs in case overs are reduced.

Team India players follow IPL 2023 final from bus in England, BCCI shares pics.
Team India players followed IPL 2023 final from bus in England, with BCCI sharing pictures on Twitter. "Training done, now showing IPL," the BCCI wrote. In the pictures, several players including Ravichandran Ashwin, Umesh Yadav and Mohammed Siraj, who have reached England for the WTC final, can be seen following the IPL 2023 final.

Jonita Gandhi, Divine perform during mid-innings break in IPL 2023 final, IPL shares video.
Singer Jonita Gandhi and rapper Divine performed during the mid-innings break of IPL 2023 final at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad, with the IPL sharing video. There was also a light show at the stadium. Thanking fans, BCCI Secretary Jay Shah tweeted, "As we pull...curtain to another exciting season...a big thank you to all for their unwavering support throughout."

UK visa rule amendment not aimed at Indian UG students: British minister.
The UK government's decision to restrict visa rights for overseas students bringing dependant family members to the country doesn't target undergraduate students from India, British minister Lord Tariq Ahmad said. The British government recognises the valuable contributions of Indian students, he added. "Students who come for UG studies and research will always be welcomed," Ahmad further said.

Day after coffin pic, RJD 'mocks' Sengol with Amrish Puri pic.
A day after the RJD shared a picture on Twitter comparing the new Parliament building with a coffin, the party shared an image of late actor Amrish Puri. "Have you seen this movie in which a big actor is holding some familiar object in his hand? Please tell the name of the artiste and the film," RJD said.

16-yr-old Delhi girl stabbed 16 times, skull was ruptured: Post-mortem report.
The 16-year-old girl, who was allegedly murdered by her boyfriend in Delhi, was stabbed 16 times, as per preliminary findings of the post-mortem report. The minor girl's skull ruptured after she was attacked by a blunt object, the report has further revealed. Police are now awaiting the detailed post-mortem report in the case.

Call made to father led to arrest of man who stabbed 16-yr-old Delhi girl 20 times.
Sahil, the accused who murdered a 16-year-old girl in Delhi after stabbing her 20 times, was arrested after he made a phone call to his father, police said. After the incident, the accused switched off his phone and went to his relative in UP's Bulandshahr. He called his father from there and police arrested him through technical surveillance, ANI reported.

A PR person told to do more reels, post Instagram Stories: Shweta.
Shweta Basu Prasad said she finds it "very weird" that actors get cast as per their social media following. She recalled that once a PR professional said that her Instagram profile doesn't look like that of an actress. "She said I should be putting...more reels..post more Instagram Stories," she shared and added that today, "mediocrity is celebrated to another level".

Have a friendly bond with Farhan, Zoya due to Honey Irani: Shabana.
Shabana Azmi spoke about her bond with Farhan Akhtar and Zoya Akhtar and said, "We're very friendly." "A lot of that credit goes to their mom Honey (Irani)...If she'd decided that...kids wouldn't be friends with me, they couldn't have been friends with me," she added. "I've to accept...I owe it to Honey that I've...beautiful relationship...with her children...[and] her," Shabana said.

Ram Charan doesn't pick my calls: 'Zanjeer' maker Apoorva Lakhia.
Director Apoorva Lakhia, who worked with Ram Charan in the 2013 film 'Zanjeer', said that the actor does not pick up his calls now. "He calls me randomly but he doesn't answer my calls," he said, adding, "His wife (Upasana Kamineni) replies but not him." Apoorva further said the box office failure of 'Zanjeer' didn't affect his relationship with Ram.

Women would come to me & say 'Your grandfather is so hot': Alaya.
Actress Alaya F, daughter of Pooja Bedi and granddaughter of Kabir Bedi, recalled how a lot of women would come to her and say, "Your grandfather is so hot." "A lot of men would...say 'your mother was all of our crush'," she added. Alaya said she didn't have the feeling that she belonged to a film family while growing up.

I am not in a good space with my heroes: Madhoo on Bollywood.
Actress Madhoo said that while she has partied with Raveena Tandon and Shilpa Shetty, she's "not in a good space with" her Bollywood heroes. "When I decided to exit the film industry, I decided that I didn't want any contact with...industry guys...I was like, 'I'm done. I need to get out of the industry'...that's how I exited," she shared.

Was told replace Vivek or won't work with you: 'Shootout...' maker.
Filmmaker Apoorva Lakhia shared that after Vivek Oberoi's alleged clash with Salman Khan, he received calls from many producers asking him to "replace" Vivek from 'Shootout at Lokhandwala'. He recalled that producers threatened him that they won't work with him if he keeps Vivek in the film. "But Vivek was a good actor...He did a fantastic job," Lakhia said.

Bonkers that Moody wanted Sudharsan retired out: Sivaramakrishnan.
Reacting to ex-SRH head coach Tom Moody tweeting that GT's Sai Sudharsan should be retired out during his 96(47) in IPL 2023 final, ex-India spinner Laxman Sivaramakrishnan termed it as "bonkers" on Twitter. "Don't know what Moody thinks. But he is Australian, people will say, 'What a thought' (Stupid thought)," he added. "What if Sudharsan was an Aussie?" he stated.

It was the crowd that suffered the most due to rain: MS Dhoni.
CSK captain MS Dhoni said it was the stadium crowd that "suffered the most" due to the first day of the IPL 2023 final being washed out. "We were in the dressing room. As a cricketer, you always want to play," said Dhoni during the toss. The former India captain added that he wishes the team would "entertain" the crowd.

He is really bluntly honest: LSG's Flower on working with Gambhir.
Talking about working with LSG mentor Gautam Gambhir, LSG head coach Andy Flower said, "He's really bluntly honest...His knowledge about cricket is second to none." "I've enjoyed working with him," added Flower. LSG suffered a defeat against MI in IPL 2023 Eliminator, resulting in them being knocked out. They were knocked out of IPL in Eliminator for second consecutive year.

Sai was a treat to the eye: Sachin on Sudharsan's 96 in IPL final.
Sachin Tendulkar took to Twitter to state that GT batter Sai Sudharsan's shots during his 96 off 47 balls in the IPL 2023 final against CSK were a "treat to the eye". "Well played," added Sachin. Discussing Sudharsan's knock, Virender Sehwag tweeted, "What an astonishing knock...CSK will need to bat out of their skins to chase this in the final."

Best MSD stumping I have ever seen: Manjrekar on Gill's dismissal.
Talking about MS Dhoni stumping GT opener Shubman Gill, commentator Sanjay Manjrekar tweeted, "That was the best among all brilliant Dhoni stumpings I have seen!" Discussing Dhoni's stumping, commentator Harsha Bhogle tweeted, "Still the fastest hands in the game...I didn't believe him when he told me...he hadn't practised wicket-keeping between two IPLs. Why should he when he can do this?"

Can there be a bigger nationalist than these wrestlers: AAP leader.
AAP leader Saurabh Bharadwaj said that BJP talks big on nationalism and interests of Hindus but they are silent on the wrestlers' protest. "Can there be a bigger nationalist than these girls (wrestlers)? Can anyone be 'more Hindu' than them? Then why is BJP silent?" asked Bharadwaj. "It's because their nationalism is fake and so is their Hinduism," he added.

Taken suitcase full of towels: Djokovic during 'Never Have I Ever'.
World No 3 Novak Djokovic revealed that he has taken "suitcases" full of tournament towels back home during a 'Never Have I Ever' video shared by Roland Garros. "I have taken plenty of towels...Oh my gosh! Wow! Suitcases!" said Djokovic during the video. Meanwhile, World No 1 Carlos Alcaraz said he has never shot a hole-in-one while playing golf.

Badminton body extends ban on spin serve till Paris Olympics end.
The Badminton World Federation has extended the ban on the new 'spin serve' until the conclusion of the Paris Olympics and Paralympic Games next year. The BWF had earlier put an interim ban on the use of the experimental serve until May 29, 2023. The experimental serve had many critics claiming that it gave an "unfair" advantage to players.

It's called daydreaming: BJP after Rahul's '150 seats in MP' claim.
After Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said his party would win 150 seats in Madhya Pradesh Assembly elections, BJP leader and the state's Home Minister Narottam Mishra said, "It is called daydreaming." Reacting to Gandhi's statement, MP CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan also said that he is daydreaming and that BJP will win over 200 seats in the state.

BigBasket Co-founder's startup LaundryMate raises $6.25 million.
BigBasket Co-founder Abhinay Choudhari's laundry services startup LaundryMate has raised $6.25 million in its pre-series A round. Blume Founders Fund, several high net worth individuals and angel investors including Ola Co-founder Ankit Bhati invested in the startup. Choudhari said the company further plans to raise $10-15 million in a Series A round in the near future.

She wanted to become a lawyer: Father of girl killed in Delhi.
The 16-year-old girl who was killed by her alleged boyfriend in Delhi wanted to become a lawyer, her father said. "She [told] me recently that she has passed her Class 10 exams and wants to become a lawyer. She was the eldest among two siblings," said the girl's father Janak Raj, who works as a labourer.

US saying Ukraine can't take land back step toward reality: Russia.
Reacting to US General Mark Milley's statement where he said Ukraine won't be able to recapture all of its land from Russia in the near future, Russia said the assessment is the "first step toward understanding reality". Russia stated that peace talks between the two countries can happen only after Ukraine accepts the "ground realities".

RBI found governance gaps in banks despite guidelines: Governor.
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das said the central bank found gaps in the corporate governance of some banks despite guidelines issued in the matter. Stating that these gaps have been mitigated, Das said that they had "the potential to cause some degree of volatility in the banking sector". He urged the banks to not allow "such gaps to creep in".

Gujarat Titans record highest-ever total in an IPL final.
Gujarat Titans (GT) on Monday broke the record for registering the highest total in an IPL final. GT put up a total of 214/4 against Chennai Super Kings (CSK) in IPL 2023 final to set the record. The previous record was set by SunRisers Hyderabad (SRH), who scored 208/7 in the IPL 2016 final against Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB).

3 B'luru youths on weekend trip try to save friend from drowning in lake, all die.
Four friends, all aged 18, drowned in the Ramanathapura Lake near Bengaluru, officials confirmed on Monday. The victims were identified as residents of Bengaluru, who were visiting the tourist destination of Nandi Hills on a weekend trip. The incident took place when one of the boys, who didn't know swimming, began to drown and the others tried to save him.

Ghaziabad man shoots at sanitation staff for disturbing sleep with 'swachhta song'.
A 48-year-old man was arrested in Ghaziabad for allegedly opening fire at two sanitation workers as he was annoyed by the 'swachhta song' being played in their waste collection vehicle, which disturbed his sleep, police said. The accused, a retired BSF personnel, allegedly threatened to kill them and tried to abuse other residents. Both the workers were left unharmed.

One can change notes from bank but behind wickets one can't change Dhoni: Sehwag.
Reacting to MS Dhoni pulling off a quick stumping to dismiss Shubman Gill on the last delivery of the seventh over of GT's innings in IPL 2023 final, Virender Sehwag tweeted, "Wow ! One can change bank notes from bank but behind the wickets one cannot change MS Dhoni." He added, "Nahi badal sakte...as fast as ever MS Dhoni."

Shubman Gill records most 30-plus scores in a season in IPL history.
GT opener Shubman Gill has broken the record for registering the most 30-plus scores in an IPL season. The 23-year-old recorded his 13th 30-plus score of IPL 2023 season in the final against CSK. Gill got out for 39(20). The previous record was held by Virat Kohli and Kane Williamson, who recorded 12 thirty-plus scores in 2016 and 2018, respectively.

Still working on believing it: CSK on MS Dhoni stumping Shubman Gill in IPL 2023 final.
Reacting to the video of CSK captain MS Dhoni stumping GT opener Shubman Gill, CSK tweeted, "Watched it..still working on believing it!" Dhoni made the quick stumping on the bowling of Ravindra Jadeja. Gill departed for 39 runs off 20 deliveries on the last delivery of the seventh over.

IPL shares pic, reveals MS Dhoni took 0.1 seconds to stump Shubman Gill.
The official Twitter account of Indian Premier League (IPL) shared a picture showing CSK wicketkeeper-captain MS Dhoni stumping Shubman Gill in the IPL 2023 final. The IPL revealed that Dhoni reacted in just 0.1 seconds to stump Shubman. Shubman was dismissed for 39 runs off 20 deliveries.

Who is Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO who got $7 billion richer in a day?.
World's most valuable chipmaker Nvidia's 60-year-old Co-founder and CEO Jensen Huang got nearly $7 billion richer in a day last week after Nvidia's share surged on AI's boom. Taiwan-born Jensen, who's now worth over $35 billion, got his BSEE degree from Oregon State University and MSEE degree from Stanford. Prior to founding Nvidia in 1993, he worked at LSI Logic.

21-year-old Pune woman stabs boyfriend to death at his home over argument.
A 21-year-old student allegedly stabbed to death her 22-year-old boyfriend, who was also her classmate, with a kitchen knife following an argument on Monday at his apartment in Pune, police said. "She sustained an injury with the same knife during the scuffle," an inspector said. He added that the victim bled to death before he was taken to a hospital.

Urban unemployment rate drops to 6.8% in Jan-March, lowest in 5 yrs: Govt data.
India's urban unemployment rate was 6.8% in January-March 2023, the lowest in at least five years, according to the Periodic Labour Force Survey (PLFS) released by the government on Monday. It's the lowest unemployment rate in Indian cities since the survey's initiation in 2018-19. The urban unemployment rate was 7.2% in the quarter prior to the January-March quarter.

Hid identity to be near her: BJP on man who killed Delhi girl.
BJP leader Charu Pragya has said that the 20-year-old man, who stabbed his 16-year-old girlfriend over 20 times in Delhi, probably hid his identity to be around her. She said he was wearing a ‘kalawa’, but the accused later turned out to be a Muslim. The accused allegedly hit the victim with a stone several times before escaping.

Aamir approaches Ranbir for Campeones after Salman's exit: Reports.
Aamir Khan has reportedly approached Ranbir Kapoor for the remake of the Spanish film 'Campeones' after Salman Khan opted out of the film. As per reports, Salman had to back out of the venture due to date issues. 'Campeones' aka 'Champions', a comedy-drama film, was released in 2018. Aamir will reportedly serve as a producer on the project.

People always think I am rude and mean: 'Anupamaa' actress Nidhi.
Actress Nidhi Shah, who stars as Kinjal in the show 'Anupamaa', in an interview spoke about how people think that she is "too rude" and "mean". "They're like you look very rude, arrogant and all and I'm like no I'm not, just speak to me once you'll get to know me how I am how fun I am," she added.

Kriti offers prayers at Sita Gufa in Panchvati, pics surface.
Kriti Sanon visited Panchvati, Nashik to seek blessings at Sita Gufa and Kalaram Temple. The actress was joined by the music composer duo Sachet-Parampara, who have sung the song 'Ram Siya Ram' from her upcoming film 'Adipurush'. The song was released by the makers on Monday. Kriti will portray Sita in the film.

Hats off to Dia for being with a flop filmmaker like me: Apoorva.
Filmmaker Apoorva Lakhia, who was rumoured to be dating Dia Mirza in early 2000s, described the actress as a "really good friend" and called himself a "big fan of hers". "She was very good to me...supported me and...came into my life when 'Mumbai Se Aaya Mera Dost' had tanked...Hats off to her...she decided to be with...flop [director]," the filmmaker said.

No future in Nepal: Sherpa who recently broke Mt Everest record.
Kami Rita Sherpa who recently summited Mount Everest for a record 28th time said that there "is no future in Nepal". "Why stay here?...We need a future for ourselves...for our children," said the 53-year-old, days after being given a hero's welcome on his return to Kathmandu. He added that the "government does little for the welfare of the sherpas".

Wagner is planning a coup against Kremlin: Ex-Russian commander.
An ex-Russian commander has claimed the country's mercenary arm, Wagner, is planning a coup against Kremlin. The claim made by Igor Girkin comes after Wagner announced that it will withdraw its troops from Ukraine's Bakhmut by June 1. Recently, Wagner chief Yevgeny Prigozhin accused some senior Kremlin officials of blocking coverage about him on state media following Bakhmut's capture.

Don’t care about Hamilton, I was quick: Sainz to Ferrari in Monaco.
Ferrari F1 driver Carlos Sainz got angry at his team's decision-making during the Monaco Grand Prix. Sainz became angry at his team's decision to protect him from Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton behind him, rather than catch Alpine's Esteban Ocon ahead of him. "Exactly what I talked about! I don't care about Hamilton, I was quick," shouted Sainz on the team radio.

Video shows reactions as Luton Town enter PL for the 1st time ever.
Luton Town FC have shared a video which shows the reactions of their fans and the team's players after entering the Premier League for the first time ever, following a triumph in the Championship playoffs. Luton Town have become the first club to enter the Premier League from non-league football. Luton Town were one of the Premier League's founding members.

Manager steps aside after Napoli wins first league title in 33 yrs.
Napoli manager Luciano Spalletti won't be in charge of the newly crowned Italian champions next season as he has asked to take a break for a year. "Spalletti has been a...great coach, he's a free man, he's given a lot," said Napoli owner Aurelio De Laurentiis. Spalletti led Napoli to the Serie A title for the first time since 1990.

Prisoner attacks jailers for mutton curry in Kerala.
Unhappy with the quantity of mutton served, a prisoner attacked jail officials in Kerala's Thiruvananthapuram. "Normally on Saturdays, we serve mutton curry to the prisoners. [The prisoner] was given the usual quantity but he sought more than what is normally served," said an official. He threw the mutton into a wastebasket and man-handled senior jail officials, added the official.

Turkey supports your independent foreign policy: Putin to Erdogan.
Russian President Vladimir Putin congratulated Recep Tayyip Erdogan on being elected as Turkey's President for a third consecutive term, stating that the win was evidence that Turkish people backed Erdogan for an independent foreign policy. "The election victory was a natural result of your selfless work as the head of the Republic of Turkey," Putin added.

India should become NATO Plus member to counter China: US Panel.
US House Select Committee on the Strategic Competition between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has proposed that India should be made a member of NATO Plus. The panel stated India's inclusion as the sixth member in NATO Plus would help counter Chinese aggression and boost international security. PM Narendra Modi will visit US next month.

Japan PM removes son as his aide after 'inappropriate' behaviour.
Japan PM Fumio Kishida's son, Shotaro Kishida, will resign as his executive secretary due to "inappropriate" behaviour at the premier's official residence. Shotaro and some other relatives had pretended to hold a news conference at the official residence during a private party, photos of which had reportedly surfaced. "I have decided to replace [Shotaro] for accountability," Kishida said.

50 kids killed in Khartoum orphanage since Sudan clashes broke out.
At least 50 children, of whom there were two dozen babies, have died at an orphanage in Sudan's Khartoum since clashes broke out between Sudan's army and paramilitary force. Malnourishment, dehydration and infections were cited as main causes behind the deaths. The fighting has killed over 800 people and displaced at least 1.3 million people within Sudan or neighbouring countries.

It was well within RBI's business to withdraw ₹2,000 notes: FM.
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said it was "well within" RBI's business to withdraw ₹2,000 banknotes as they had completed their lifespan. RBI introduced the note to remonetise the economy after demonetisation and that objective has been achieved, Sitharaman added. She further criticised Congress leader P Chidambaram for calling the introduction of ₹2,000 notes "a foolish move".

Western nations buying our oil despite sanctions: Russian minister.
Russian Energy Minister Nikolai Shulginov reportedly said that Western nations are buying Russian oil and gas through alternative routes despite sanctions by the US and EU. He stated that those who sanctioned Moscow now rely on "workarounds" to get the country's energy, Russian state-owned media outlet RT reported. Sanctions were brought against Russia after its invasion of Ukraine.

Record 1.07 lakh people rode Ahmedabad Metro on Sunday over GT-CSK IPL final.
Around 1,07,552 passengers travelled by the Ahmedabad Metro on Sunday, the day on which the IPL final between CSK and GT was supposed to take place. This is the highest-ever daily ridership recorded by the Ahmedabad Metro yet. The previous record was 99,643 passengers, which was set on May 7 during GT's league game against LSG.

10 killed in car-bus collision near Mysuru, CM announces ₹2 lakh ex-gratia.
At least 10 people, including two children, were crushed to death in a collision between a car and a private bus near Mysuru in Karnataka, police said. As per reports, one of the passengers of the Innova car survived and is currently undergoing treatment. Chief Minister Siddaramaiah has announced ₹2 lakh ex-gratia each to the families of the deceased.

CSK to bowl first against GT in IPL 2023 final, playing XIs announced.
CSK captain MS Dhoni won the toss and elected to bowl first against GT in the IPL 2023 final at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. "We'll bowl first with the rain forecast being around," Dhoni said after the toss. The final was originally scheduled to be held on Sunday but was postponed to today due to rain.

Keanu Reeves performs with his band after 20 years; video viral.
Actor Keanu Reeves made a rare stage appearance by performing with his band 'Dogstar' after more than 20 years. The 58-year-old 'Matrix' and 'John Wick' actor, who plays bass guitar in the band, performed alongside his band members Bret Domrose and Rob Mailhouse at the 2023 BottleRock Napa Valley music festival. The 12-song performance featured songs from Dogstar's two albums.

Why is it we are only talking about Dhoni, do we want him to play all his life: Kapil Dev.
Referring to constant speculation over MS Dhoni's retirement from IPL, former India captain Kapil Dev said, “He has been playing IPL for 15 years. Why is it that we're only talking about Dhoni?" He added, "He has done his work...What more do we want from him? Do we want him to play all his life? That's not going to happen."

How much time will be available on reserve day to try and obtain IPL 2023 final result?.
An IPL match has a total of three hours and 20 minutes of time available, including interval and time-outs. For IPL 2023 final on reserve day, an additional two hours of play will be available. The latest a five-over per side match can start is 11:56 pm. Further, a Super Over-only contest can begin at the latest by 12.50 am.

Match officials for World Test Championship final between India and Australia announced.
The ICC has released the list of match officials that will take charge of the World Test Championship Final between India and Australia at The Oval. Chris Gaffaney of New Zealand and Richard Illingworth of England will be the on-field umpires. England's Richard Kettleborough will be TV umpire, while Sri Lanka's Kumar Dharmasena will be fourth umpire.

MS Dhoni becomes first cricketer to play 250 matches, 11 finals in IPL history.
CSK captain MS Dhoni has become the first cricketer to play 250 matches and 11 finals in IPL history. Dhoni achieved the feat after taking the field in the ongoing IPL 2023 final against GT. Dhoni played one final for RPS, while his other 10 finals came for CSK. Dhoni has won a total of four IPL titles so far.

Last night was sleepless, haunted by horrifying images of wrestlers: Bindra.
Five-time Olympian Abhinav Bindra tweeted, "Last night was sleepless, haunted by the horrifying images of my fellow Indian wrestlers protesting." He added, "It's high time we establish independent safeguarding measures across sporting organisations." Pressing on dealing with such situations with "utmost sensitivity", Bindra added that "every athlete deserves a safe and empowering environment".

'Tech guru' Rajiv Makhni quits NDTV after more than 20 years.
Rajiv Makhni has quit NDTV after working for the channel for more than 20 years. Popularly known as 'tech guru', the technology journalist hosted shows like 'Gadget Guru', 'Cell Guru' and 'Walk the Tech Talk' among others. He is one of the many senior journalists who recently quit NDTV, including Sarah Jacob and Nidhi Razdan.

'Love jihad' has now rocked Delhi: BJP on 16-yr-old girl's murder.
After a 16-year-old girl was stabbed to death by her alleged boyfriend, Delhi BJP chief Virendra Sachdeva said that the killer is a member of an organised 'love jihad' gang. "The brutal murder of a Hindu girl by the youth, Sahil Sarfaraz, in Shahbad Dairy has once again shown that 'love jihad' has now rocked Delhi as well," he added.

Massive fire breaks out at Lajpat Nagar market, 10 fire tenders rushed to spot.
A massive fire broke out at the Lajpat Nagar market on Monday and around 10 fire tenders were rushed to the spot to douse it. Images emerging from the site showed smoke billowing from a centrally located complex as locals rushed to help. Officials said the fire started at a garment shop, which spread to the first and second floors.

He never fought with anyone: Landlord of man who killed Delhi girl.
The landlord of the 20-year-old man who allegedly stabbed his 16-year-old girlfriend over 20 times in Delhi, said that the accused never fought with anyone in the neighbourhood. The man, identified as Ramphool, said he saw the video of the incident in the morning. The accused smashed the victim's head with a stone several times before escaping.

Individuals have fundamental right to choose their sex & gender: Rajasthan HC.
The Rajasthan High Court, in a recent order, observed that individuals have the fundamental right to choose their own sex or gender. The court was hearing a petition filed by a person assigned female at birth, who later underwent gender reassignment surgery after being diagnosed with gender identity disorder. The court directed authorities to consider modifying the petitioner's service records.

6 electrocuted to death while installing electric pole in J'khand.
Six people were reported dead after being electrocuted at Nichitpur railway crossing in Jharkhand's Dhanbad district on Monday, Railways officials have said. The incident took place when an electric pole they were installing fell on a high-tension overhead wire. Following the incident, Dhanbad Divisional Railway Manager (DRM) Kamal Kishore Sinha rushed to the spot.

Don't do engineering: Mohsin Khan on advice to his 16-yr-old self.
Mohsin Khan of 'Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai' fame revealed that he studied engineering. On being asked about what advice he'd give to his 16 year old self, the actor said, "[I'd say] leave engineering...No use of doing it." When told that many engineers have made their career in creative fields, the actor said, "Because we learn...lot about having patience."

Delivered lines looking at matchsticks: Jaaved on 'Jajantaram...'.
Jaaved Jaaferi recalled shooting for 'Jajantaram Mamantaram', which was a VFX-heavy film because of the dwarf characters that it had. He said matchsticks and wooden pieces were placed for the cue, and he had to deliver dialogues by looking at those objects. "For instance, if...film shows a dwarf sitting on my shoulder, I was talking to...matchstick placed on...shoulder," said Jaaved.

Critic said 'He should go back to selling idlis': Suniel on debut.
Suniel Shetty revealed that following the release of his debut film, one of the top critics of that time criticised his acting skills and called him "wooden". "[Critic] said, 'He should go back to selling idlis.' And this is his review: 'He will never make it'," Suniel said, adding, "The film was a blockbuster, [it] was a hit."

Priyanka Chopra couldn't dance in Bollywood style: Andaaz producer.
Producer Suneel Darshan confirmed that Priyanka Chopra had to get enrolled in dance class as she couldn't dance in Bollywood style for Andaaz's 'Allah Kare Dil Na Lage' song. "I enrolled Priyanka with [choreographer] Veenu Prakash," Suneel told ETimes. He added, "Exactly around that time, Akshay Kumar's wife Twinkle [Khanna] was expecting...first child...Her delivery date was round the corner."

Over 100 Turkey-made Bayraktar drones destroyed in Ukraine: Russia.
Russia claimed that it has destroyed over 100 Turkey-made Bayraktar TB2 drones in Ukraine. Ukraine, which used these drones to strike Donbas in violation of a ceasefire agreement before the war began, is now left with only a few units which are being used for intelligence purposes, reports have stated. Notably, Turkey has remained neutral in the Russia-Ukraine conflict.

Messi and other PSG players welcomed by 3 fans at airport: Report.
The PSG squad including Lionel Messi was reportedly welcomed by just three fans at the airport after returning to Paris following their Ligue 1 win. PSG's Ligue 1 triumph resulted in Messi becoming football's joint-most decorated player having clinched his 43rd trophy for club and country. PSG recorded a 1-1 draw in their most recent Ligue 1 match against Strasbourg.

Chelsea appoint Pochettino as manager after worst-ever PL season.
Premier League club Chelsea has appointed Mauricio Pochettino as their new manager on a two-year deal which can be further extended by another year. The 51-year-old, who has been out of work since being dismissed by PSG in July 2022, has previously managed Tottenham Hotspur. Chelsea finished the season with 44 points, their lowest-ever total in the Premier League era.

I don't consider Babar as threatening in T20s: Pakistan's Amir.
Pakistani pacer Mohammad Amir said he doesn't consider Pakistan captain Babar Azam as "threatening" in T20 cricket. "My job is to take wickets...Facing Babar or a tail ender batting at number 10 will be the same," Amir had earlier shared. Discussing his relationship with Babar, Amir stated, "He's always given me respect...Babar isn't my ex-fiance that I won't like him."

Modi followers on Twitter are morons, I can be Varanasi MP: Swamy.
Former MP Subramanian Swamy on Monday said that PM Narendra Modi's followers on Twitter are morons for saying that "Modi will not make [him] MP". "Morons don't know that I have already been in Parliament six times: three Lok Sabha and three Rajya Sabha without Modi. I can choose to go seventh time too, such as from Varanasi," Swamy said.

SEBI adds Zerodha, Groww CEOs to its advisory committee.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has reconstituted its intermediary advisory committee to add several new members including Zerodha CEO Nithin Kamath and Groww CEO Lalit Keshre. The 21-member committee will advise SEBI on matters related to market intermediaries and market safety. It'll be chaired by SEBI's former executive director S Ravindran.

S Lanka to get law against religious slander after comedian held.
Sri Lanka is drafting a new law to curb religious slander on social media, according to the country's Religious Affairs Minister Vidura Wickramanayaka. The move comes after stand-up comedian Nathasha Edirisooriya allegedly made derogatory comments on religions, a clip of which had been uploaded online. Edirisooriya was arrested by the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) for her remarks.

Air India hiring 550 cabin crew staff, 50 pilots every month: CEO.
Air India CEO Campbell Wilson told PTI that the airline is hiring about 550 cabin crew members and 50 pilots monthly. This pace will continue for most of 2023 and slow down towards the end of the year, Wilson added. Speaking about Air India's order for 470 planes, Wilson said, "The first narrow-body aircraft will come around July or August."

Why should we interfere: SC on plea against 75% eligibility criterion for IITs.
The Supreme Court dismissed a plea challenging the eligibility criterion of scoring 75% in Class 12 board exams for admission to IITs. "This condition was always there, why should we interfere? This is not a matter we want to get into," the bench said. New brochure of (JEE) Advanced requires candidates to have secured at least 75% in Class 12.

Fans take down huge Virat Kohli poster to take shelter from rain at Ahmedabad stadium.
Fans at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad took down a huge Virat Kohli poster and used it to take shelter from rain on Sunday. A picture of the same has gone viral on social media. A video also surfaced online showing fans taking down the poster, which was specially installed for the IPL 2023 final.

Neeraj Chopra pulls out of FBK Games after suffering muscle strain, pens note.
India's Olympic gold medal-winning javelin thrower Neeraj Chopra has pulled out of the FBK Games, which are scheduled to be held in Netherlands' Hengelo on June 4. Neeraj penned a note, stating that he sustained a muscle strain during training. "I am on the road to recovery, and will aim to be back on the track in June," he wrote.

Congress' only MLA in Bengal joins TMC months after winning bypoll.
Months after winning bypoll from Sagardighi seat, Congress' only MLA in West Bengal, Bayron Biswas, quit the party to join TMC. He made the switch during TMC's ongoing 'Jono Sanjog Yatra'. "To strengthen your resolve to fight against the divisive and discriminatory politics of BJP, you have chosen the right platform. Together, we will win!" TMC tweeted.

What is a 'Foucault pendulum', installed in the new Parliament?.
A 'Foucault pendulum' has been installed in the new Parliament building. Named after the 19th century French physicist Léon Foucault, the device was first introduced in 1851 to demonstrate the Earth's rotation. When the pendulum is hung from a height and set to swing in to-and-fro motion, it changes the direction it's swinging as the Earth rotates on its axis.

Even uneducated can't be so cruel: NCW on Delhi stabbing incident.
NCW Chairperson Rekha Sharma, while reacting to the stabbing of a 16-year-old girl in Delhi, said, "Even an uneducated person can never be so cruel that he ends up killing someone like this." In a video of the incident that surfaced online, a 20-year-old man can be seen stabbing the victim over 20 times before hitting her with a stone.

Truly heartbreaking: IAS officer on video of garbage on Mt Everest.
IAS officer Supriya Sahu shared a viral video of garbage and plastic pollution on Mount Everest. "When human beings don't spare even Mount Everest from dumping their garbage and plastic pollution. Truly heartbreaking," the officer, Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Tamil Nadu, tweeted. Several people reacted to the video with tweets like, "Most horrible sight," and "Shameful".

Her head was bludgeoned into 4 pieces: Father of 16-yr-old Delhi girl stabbed by boyfriend.
The father of 16-year-old girl Sakshi who was stabbed by her boyfriend Sahil over 20 times in Shahbad Dairy area in Delhi's Rohini said his daughter's head was bludgeoned into four pieces. "During police questioning...one of her friends told Sahil and Sakshi were friends but I didn't know earlier," he added. Sakshi's mother also said she had never seen Sahil.

Moosewala's mother breaks down at prayer meet on his 1st death anniversary.
Prayers were held at Jawahar Ke village of Punjab's Mansa on Sunday to commemorate the first death anniversary of slain singer-turned-politician Sidhu Moosewala. Sidhu's mother Charan Kaur broke down and went down on her knees, bowed and touched the ground where her son was shot dead. A statue of the slain singer would come up near the spot soon.

He worked as an AC, fridge mechanic: Delhi Police on man who killed 16-yr-old girlfriend.
After arresting 20-year-old Sahil who killed his 16-year-old girlfriend Sakshi in public in Delhi's Rohini, Delhi Deputy Commissioner of Police Suman Nalwa said that the accused used to work as an AC and refrigerator mechanic. "Further investigation is underway, we will make sure that the maximum punishment is given to the accused," she added. Sahil stabbed Sakshi over 20 times.

Why there's no Best Performer in Song award in B'wood: Nora Fatehi.
Nora Fatehi rued the absence of the 'Best Performer in a Song' category at Bollywood's award shows. "Some of our icons...reached that stature...because of their dance styles, but [were] never awarded...hope that changes," she shared. Nora added that there's scope to tell stories through dance and she'd love to do an emotional love story set with a backdrop of dance.

Madhuri, husband Shriram celebrate son's graduation, share pics.
Madhuri Dixit and Dr Shriram Nene's younger son Ryan graduated from school on Sunday. The actress and her husband shared pictures and a video from his graduation ceremony. "Proud Parent moment: Congratulations to my brilliant star on reaching new heights," the caption read. Ryan graduated from the American School of Bombay.

Unbelievable how good he's as person: Jawan dialogue writer on SRK.
'Jawan' dialogue writer Sumit Arora called Shah Rukh Khan "a great human being". "It's unbelievable how good he is as a person. I had heard this even before working with him that collaborating with him is an amazing experience. And it was indeed a blissful feeling," Arora shared. He added that working with him is a "once-in-a-lifetime opportunity".

After every performance, I feel like job is not done yet: Shubman.
GT's Shubman Gill, who's currently the leading run-scorer in IPL 2023, has said he keeps thinking about upcoming tournaments and replicating his performances. "Every time I perform...the next morning, I've this feeling that the job is not done yet," stated Shubman. "Once IPL finishes, the WTC final starts...there's always something in my mind that I look forward to," he added.

Ambati Rayudu is an entertainer, should be celebrated: Tom Moody.
Talking about CSK batter Ambati Rayudu, former Australia cricketer Tom Moody said, "He is a player who should be celebrated." He stated that Rayudu is an "entertainer". Rayudu has announced retirement from the league and said IPL 2023 final will be his last IPL match. He has scored 4,329 runs in the IPL so far.

Temasek cuts pay of team behind $275 mn investment in bankrupt FTX.
Singapore's state-owned investment fund Temasek has reduced the compensation of senior management and the investment team responsible for the firm's investment in now-bankrupt crypto exchange FTX. There was "no misconduct" by the team but it has taken "collective accountability" for the failed investment, Temasek said. It wrote off its $275 million investment in FTX last year.

Dhoni born to win titles, no other India captain like him: Sehwag.
Former India batter Virender Sehwag said CSK captain MS Dhoni was "born to win trophies". "There hasn't been any other captain in India who has won as many trophies. T20-over world cup, 50-over world cup, Test championship, IPL. He's here to win trophies," said Sehwag. Batter Manoj Tiwary added that Dhoni "has a deep understanding of the game".

Rahane has his mojo back, important 6-8 months for him: Karthik.
Wicketkeeper Dinesh Karthik said India batter Ajinkya Rahane has "got his mojo back" after performing well in IPL 2023. "He (Rahane) is in good rhythm, he is in good confidence...It's going to be a very important six or eight months for him...in Test cricket," said Karthik. He further picked KS Bharat over Ishan Kishan for the WTC final.

Why're wrestlers being dragged, it's not the way to treat: Chhetri.
Discussing the scuffle between wrestlers and police at Delhi's Jantar Mantar after which some wrestlers were detained, Indian football team captain Sunil Chhetri tweeted, "This isn't the way to treat anyone." "Why does it have to come down to our wrestlers being dragged around without...consideration? I really hope this whole situation is assessed the way it should be," added Chhetri.

I got Sachin out on debut in India, he was my 1st wicket: Styris.
Discussing his international debut, ex-New Zealand all-rounder Scott Styris said he dismissed Sachin Tendulkar in a match held in India, adding that Sachin was his first wicket. "I got the ball to swing in, seam away, induced a nick off Sachin...It was great," he stated. "We won," said Styris. The former New Zealand all-rounder represented his nation in 188 ODIs.

Doesn't augur well with ex-FM: FM on Chidambaram ₹2000 note remark.
Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman criticised Congress leader P Chidambaram over his comments on withdrawal of ₹2,000 currency note and said to cast aspersions on matters of this nature "does not augur well with former Finance Minister". Sitharaman's statement comes after Chidambaram said that introduction and withdrawal of ₹2,000 notes has cast doubt on the stability of Indian currency.

MP, Chhattisgarh, Raj, please show these bigots their place: Mahua.
Using former PM Jawaharlal Nehru's quote, "The noble mansion of free India where all her children may dwell", TMC MP Mahua Moitra criticised PM Narendra Modi over the inauguration of Parliament building. "The King has reduced [Nehru's] vision to an ignoble hutment of narrow domestic walls. [Madhya Pradesh], Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan. You're next. Please show these bigots their place," said Moitra.

India had 74 airports till 2014, we made 74 more in 9 yrs: Scindia.
Union Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia shared the Centre's plan for the future, saying that the government is planning to build over 200 airports in another four years. He added, "In 65 years, we had 74 airports in India. In the last nine years, we have built an additional 74 airports, heliports, and waterdromes, doubling it to 148."

IIT-B alumni's home appliances startup Atomberg raises $86 million.
Home appliances startup Atomberg has secured $86 million in funding in a round led by Temasek and Steadview Capital. The round also saw participation from Trifecta Capital, Jungle Ventures and Inflexor Ventures. Founded by IIT Bombay alumni Manoj Meena and Sibabrata Das in 2012, the startup last raised $20 million in December 2021.

Poor, Dalits & backwards being attended to: FM as govt marks 9 yrs.
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, while holding a press conference in Mumbai to mark PM Narendra Modi-led BJP government's nine years, said, "Poor, Dalit and backward classes...are being attended to with provisions of basic needs." She highlighted that the Centre has constructed over 3.5 crore pucca houses and over 11.72 crore toilets, and has given gas connections to 9.6 crore families.

Uganda passes anti-gay law with death penalty in some cases.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has signed an anti-gay bill into law which can lead to death penalty in cases of "aggravated homosexuality". Aggravated homosexuality involves engaging in gay sex with those aged below 18 or when the perpetrator is HIV positive. The law, which was earlier returned to parliament by Museveni seeking changes, doesn’t criminalise those identifying as LGBTQ.

Can't return unclaimed bank deposits in a day, it'll take time: FM.
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said returning unclaimed bank deposits or any other financial assets that don't have a nominee takes time. "Let us not be under an illusion that the government can clear the money tomorrow," she stated. "Finding out who the nominee could be and establishing the identity of the legal inheritor...takes time," she added.

Punjab declares summer vacation for schools from June 1 to July 2.
Schools in Punjab will remain closed for summer vacation from June 1 to July 2. An order issued on Monday said that all government, government-aided and private schools will remain closed during this period. The order has been issued after approval from Punjab Education Minister Harjot Singh Bains.

How can we create ruckus when 20-30 constables are on us: Sakshi.
Wrestler Sakshi Malik has asked how the wrestlers could've created a ruckus when around 20-30 constables were looking after one female wrestler. "We didn't riot, we didn't damage any public property, still we were detained," she said. Delhi Police removed the wrestlers' tents and their mattresses, saying they won't be allowed to protest at Jantar Mantar anymore.

NCP worker abuses couple, climbs on car & vandalises it in Pune, video surfaces.
A 26-year-old Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) worker allegedly hurled abuses at a couple and vandalised their car in a road rage incident in Pune's Aundh Road. The accused, identified as Sujeet Satish Kate, reportedly climbed onto the bonnet of the car and damaged its windshield. Police have booked Kate under several IPC sections, including for sexually-coloured remarks amounting to harassment.

Man openly masturbates in front of female passenger in govt-run bus in Kerala.
A man openly flashed and masturbated in front of a female passenger in a government-run bus in Kerala's Kannur district. The female passenger recorded the video and uploaded it on social media. A senior police official, after coming across the video, said that they are trying to get in touch with the woman's family to get a complaint from them.

Which are the world's five largest stock markets?.
India has beaten France to reclaim its position as the world's fifth-largest stock market with a market capitalisation of $3.31 trillion following a broad-based rally in local equities, Bloomberg reported. The US remains the world's largest stock market with a market capitalisation of $44.54 trillion, followed by China ($10.26 trillion), Japan ($5.68 trillion) and Hong Kong ($5.14 trillion).

I have identity crisis, don't fit in trends: Alaya on being Gen Z.
Actress Alaya F said that she has recently found out that she is a 'Gen Z'. "I'm having a little bit of an identity crisis...because I'm like the old 'Gen Z'...I don't really fit into all these 'Gen Z' trends or cultures...I feel like I'm the oldie in the 'Gen Z' bunch," the 'Jawaani Jaaneman' actress added.

Feel fulfilled if Ashutosh's role still scares you: Dushman maker.
Director Tanuja Chandra said that her film 'Dushman' wasn't an easy watch. "Rape is brutal...I wanted to get this across not just through [Gokul Pandit's character] but also [with]...guilt and pain [of]...mother and [sisters]...If it still scares you to watch Ashutosh Rana...as...filmmaker, I feel fulfilled," she said. "Ashutosh submitted himself to my vision completely," the filmmaker added.

We drank: Love Again actor Sam on building chemistry with Priyanka.
Actor Sam Heughan said he was "even more sold" for 'Love Again' when he got to know that Priyanka Chopra will be starring in it. "I'm a huge fan of hers," he shared. Sam further said that he and Priyanka "drank" to build their chemistry for the film. "[She] hosted some fun parties...that really helped build that chemistry," he added.

No, why would you try that: Babil on recreating Irrfan's roles.
Actor Babil Khan has reacted to being asked if he would recreate any of his late father-actor Irrfan Khan's roles. "No...Why would you try to recreate baba's performance...I think he did it really well," Babil added. He also said that if he wins an award, he takes it home and keeps it with the awards that Irrfan had won.

He is all heart: Anil on Hrithik praising projects of other actors.
Anil Kapoor said in an interview that he is a "huge fan" of Hrithik Roshan. "There are so many times that films have released which people are very diplomatic commenting on, because they're in controversy...but he doesn't care. He is all heart," Anil added. Earlier, Hrithik had praised Shah Rukh Khan's 'Pathaan' and Aamir Khan's 'Laal Singh Chaddha'.

I'm against bans but Kerala Story is a propaganda film: Anurag.
Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap in a recent interview called 'The Kerala Story' a "propaganda film" while adding that he is "totally against banning anything". "That's political," the filmmaker said. Anurag further said cinema has to be based on reality and truth. Recently, Kamal Haasan called the Sudipto Sen directorial a propaganda film and stated that he is against such films.

Ukraine's Kostyuk avoids handshake with Belarus' Aryna amid war.
Ukraine's Marta Kostyuk, 20, was booed for not shaking hands with Belarus' Aryna Sabalenka after their French Open match on Sunday. Kostyuk had lost the match 6-3, 6-2. "I didn't expect it...People should be, honestly, embarrassed," Kostyuk stated. Russia invaded Ukraine in February last year and is getting the assistance of Belarus in the war.

Brentford only side to record league double vs PL winners Man City.
Brentford became the only side to record a league double this season against Manchester City, who won the 2022-23 edition of Premier League. Brentford registered a 1-0 win against City having earlier recorded a 2-1 triumph against them. Brentford's win further brought an end to City's unbeaten run of 25 games. Brentford had earlier recorded wins against Manchester United, Arsenal.

India beat Thailand 17-0 in Men's Junior Asia Cup, enter semis.
Defending champions India entered the semi-finals of the Men's Junior Asia Cup after a 17-0 win over Thailand in their last Pool A match. Earlier in the tournament, India defeated Chinese Taipei and Japan and played out a draw against Pakistan. India's Angad Bir Singh was the highest goal-scorer against Thailand, netting four goals. Indian captain Uttam Singh scored two.

Ten Hag calls for investments from Man Utd to challenge for titles.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag called for more investments in the club so they can challenge for trophies next season onwards. "We are in the right direction, but we are not there where we have to be...we have to make an investment...otherwise you don't have a chance," said Ten Hag. United finished third in the just-concluded Premier League season.

Sad & unfortunate; L-G sir do something: Delhi CM on girl's murder.
Following a 16-year-old girl's death after her boyfriend allegedly stabbed her over 20 times, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal termed the incident "very sad and unfortunate" and said that criminals have become "fearless". "[L-G VK Saxena] sir, law and order is your responsibility, do something," he added. He also said that the safety of the national capital's people is "paramount".

Stability of India's currency in doubt: Chidambaram on ₹2000 note.
Congress leader P Chidambaram on Monday said that introduction of ₹2,000 note and its subsequent withdrawal has cast "doubt on stability" of the Indian currency. Addressing a press conference on the nine years completion of NDA government, he said, "The key economic indicators are pointing downward and there is low confidence that the economy will reach the high growth path."

Republic is dead, God save the king: Mahua on new Parliament.
TMC MP Mahua Moitra criticised the Centre over the inauguration of the new Parliament, saying that the "republic is dead". She shared a picture of PM Narendra Modi holding the 'sengol' with the caption "God save the king”. The Opposition parties called the inauguration by PM Narendra Modi "not only a grave insult but a direct assault on country's democracy".

We will bag 150 seats in Madhya Pradesh: Rahul Gandhi.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Monday said that his party will bag 150 seats in the upcoming Assembly elections in Madhya Pradesh. "We got 136 seats in Karnataka. Our internal assessment says that we are going to get 150 seats in MP," said Gandhi, after a meeting with his party leaders, including former MP CM Kamal Nath.

Animals: Gambhir on bystanders as 16-yr-old Delhi girl gets stabbed.
Reacting to the video of the murder of a 16-year-old girl in Delhi's Rohini, ex-cricketer and BJP MP Gautam Gambhir said that those who didn't help the girl as she was being stabbed are also animals. "Had someone attacked their sister or daughter, would they've ignored like this?" he asked. The video shows people watching and not helping the girl.

Where is this new generation going: BJP MP on Delhi girl's murder.
BJP MP Hans Raj Hans called the brutal murder of a 16-year-old girl by her alleged boyfriend in Delhi an unfortunate incident. "Crime among youth has increased. The new devices that they have…social media…don't know where this new generation is going," said Hans. "The youngsters get emotional…Such incidents occur in cases of love and hate," he added.

Malaysia finds 'WW2 cannon shells' on detained Chinese ship.
Malaysia's maritime authorities said a China-registered bulk carrier was detained for anchoring in its waters without permission. Cannon shells believed to be from World War Two were reportedly found in the Chinese ship. This comes amid reports that scavengers have targeted two British World War Two wrecks off the coast of Malaysia, which were sunk by Japanese torpedoes in 1941.

175 countries gather in Paris for talks on global plastics treaty.
As many as 175 countries gathered at UNESCO headquarters in Paris on Monday amid talks to shape a new global plastics treaty, aiming to curb plastic pollution by limiting its production. Notably, UNEP, which is hosting the talks, previously released a blueprint for reducing plastic waste by 80% by 2040. "There's no time to lose", France's President Emmanuel Macron said.

Netherlands seizes land of Russian President Putin's ex-son-in-law.
Authorities in the Netherlands have seized a plot of land that belonged to the former son-in-law of Russian President Vladimir Putin. The land, belonging to Dutch businessman, Jorrit Faassen, previously married to Putin's elder daughter Maria Vorontsova, was seized following a joint investigation by independent journalists. Faassen reportedly lives in Russia and shares a son with Vorontsova.

Man held after Downing Street crash charged with separate offence.
A man who was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving after a car crashed into the gates of Downing Street, near the Prime Minister’s official residence in Whitehall has been released under investigation. However, the Metropolitan Police have said that the 43-year-old man has been charged in a separate offence of making indecent images of children.

Individual directors shouldn't have conflict of interest: RBI Guv.
Individual directors on the boards of banks shouldn't have any conflict of interest which may hamper their objectivity and independence, RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das said. He added, "It is the responsibility of the Board to ensure that policies are in place to identify potential conflicts of interest and deal with them." He also highlighted gaps in governance of certain banks.

Govt monitoring inflation, won't let its guard down: Sitharaman.
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said the government is monitoring inflation, which is "already moderating". The government won't let its guard down on inflation and is "monitoring all data on ground level also", she added. India's retail inflation stood at an 18-month-low of 4.7% in April, easing down further from 5.66% in the previous month.

20-year-old man who stabbed his 16-year-old girlfriend 20 times in Delhi arrested.
A 20-year-old man named Sahil, who stabbed his 16-year-old girlfriend over 20 times and hit her with brick in Delhi's Rohini, has been arrested for murder from UP's Bulandshahr. A video of the incident had also surfaced online. Delhi Police had formed six teams to nab the accused. The police had earlier said Sahil's parents were cooperating with the police.

Iranian model wears dress with noose around her neck at Cannes.
Iranian model Mahlagha Jaberi called for an end to executions in Iran by wearing a dress with a noose around her neck on the Cannes Film Festival's red carpet. Fashion designer Jila Saber designed the model's outfit. Sharing snippets of herself in the dress, the model wrote on Instagram, "Dedicated to the people of Iran."

Silver-plated pencil 'gifted' to Hitler expected to fetch ₹81 lakh.
A silver-plated pencil that was purportedly gifted to Adolf Hitler by his long-term partner Eva Braun is expected to fetch £80,000 (₹81 lakh) when auctioned. Given as a gift on Hitler's 52nd birthday in 1941, the pencil is inscribed with 'Eva' in German and the initials 'AH'. An original signed photograph of Hitler will also be put up for sale.

We wanted to march peacefully but police did not let us: Sakshee.
A day after a scuffle broke out between wrestlers and police at Delhi's Jantar Mantar, wrestler Sakshee Malikkh said, "The situation yesterday was bad. We wanted to march peacefully but they didn't let us do that." "They started pushing us back and detained us...They dragged us to buses. We didn't riot, we didn't damage any public property," she added.

PUBG successor returns today for 3 months, minors can play for 3 hours a day.
PUBG successor BGMI servers went live in India on Monday after nearly a year-long ban on the game. It will be initially available to play for three months and during this time, the government will monitor it. The playtime for users under 18 years has been limited to three hours daily, and for others, it is six hours a day.

Pak High Commission shuts in-house school in Delhi amid economic crisis.
The Pakistan High Commission in Delhi has suspended the activities of its school in the national capital due to "low enrolment". "The school was never open to public and exclusively catered to the needs of children of the High Commission's staff," a spokesperson said. The embassy is reportedly finding it hard to meet day-to-day expenses due to the economic crisis.

82-yr-old woman tied up & killed at B'luru home; assailants escape with jewellery.
Unidentified assailants broke into an 82-year-old woman's residence in Bengaluru and murdered her before escaping with two gold chains and a pair of bangles she was wearing, police said. According to investigators, the accused tied up the woman's limbs and covered her mouth with tape. Investigators suspect the perpetrators were known to the victim, who lived alone at the house.

Go First offers pilots extra ₹1 lakh per month to stay: Report.
Go First plans to raise the salaries by ₹1 lakh per month for captains and by ₹50,000 for first officers, Bloomberg reported. The 'retention allowance' will also be offered to pilots who have left but are willing to withdraw resignations by June 15, the airline told pilots in an email. The cash-strapped airline had filed for insolvency earlier this month.

I'm safe, says Sharwanand post his car meets with 'minor' accident.
Telugu actor Sharwanand met with a road accident on Sunday. The actor has shared an update on the incident and clarified that he is "absolutely safe and sound at home". "It was a very minor incident...There's nothing to worry about. Thank you for your concern," the actor tweeted. Earlier this year in January, Sharwanand got engaged to Rakshita Reddy.

1 of the scariest films I said yes to & watched: Kajol on Dushman.
Actress Kajol shared a post about her film 'Dushman' as the film completed 25 years. She said that it is one of the scariest films she has ever said yes to. "Ashutosh Rana scared the crap out of me on screen...A big thanks...to Pooja Bhatt and Tanuja Chandra for making me so comfortable with...such an uncomfortable topic," she added.

The public is curious about lives of star kids: Sonam on nepotism.
Actress Sonam Bajwa, while speaking about nepotism, said that the audience is interested in the lives of star kids. "People are very curious about the lives of [these] kids...when there is that sort of a response, then every producer wants to cast them...if there is demand, there will be supply too," she added.

One should not stoop so low: Uorfi on morphed pic of wrestlers.
Uorfi Javed, reacting to the morphed picture of wrestlers Sangeeta Phogat and Vinesh Phogat, tweeted, "Why do people edit photos like this to prove their lies!" "Just to prove someone wrong, one shouldn't stoop so low and take help of lies," she added. The morphed picture of Sangeeta and Vinesh showed them smiling inside a police van.

Yashasvi Jaiswal is my favourite player of IPL 2023: De Villiers.
Former RCB wicketkeeper-batter AB de Villiers has named RR's 21-year-old batter Yashasvi Jaiswal as his favourite player of IPL 2023. "[Yashasvi is favourite] and by a long margin...he is a young player and has got all the shots in the book...Shubman Gill is a little bit older," added De Villiers. Yashasvi scored 625 runs in 14 games in IPL 2023.

Kyiv hit by 40 air strikes after Russia’s biggest attack on city.
Over 40 Iranian-made Kamikaze drones and cruise missiles were aimed at Ukraine's capital Kyiv for the second night in a row after Russia launched its largest drone attack on the city. Local air defences managed to fend off the drones and cruise missiles and there were no casualties, authorities said. This was the 15th strike aimed at Kyiv this month.

Russia puts US Senator Lindsey Graham on wanted list: Report.
Russia's Interior Ministry has put US Senator Lindsey Graham on a wanted list, Russian media reported on Monday. The development comes after Graham was shown saying "the Russians are dying" and that US support was the "best money we've ever spent" in an edited video from his meeting with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Russia has criticised the US Senator's remarks.

Mbappé voted Ligue 1 player of the season for 4th time in a row.
PSG forward Kylian Mbappé has been voted the Ligue 1 player of the season for the fourth successive time. "I always wanted to win," Mbappé stated. Mbappé has scored 28 goals in the league this season so far. He is the first four-time winner of the award having surpassed Zlatan Ibrahimovic who won the award three times with PSG.

Leicester become 2nd PL side to get relegated after winning league.
Leicester City, who'd won the Premier League in 2016, became the second side after Blackburn Rovers to get relegated after winning the league. Leicester finished 18th on the points table in 2022-23 edition of Premier League, resulting in their relegation. They've been relegated from English football's top-flight for 12th time which is the joint-most number of relegations for any side.

Everyone can now be a programmer with AI: NVIDIA CEO.
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang said artificial intelligence has made the programming barrier "incredibly low". "We have closed the digital divide. Everyone is a programmer now, you just have to say something to the computer," Huang stated. He further added that AI has brought in "a new computing era" and "is going to touch literally every single industry".

Musk-led Twitter approved 83% of govt requests on content: Report.
Under Elon Musk, Twitter reportedly approved 83% of government requests to restrict/block content globally including in India and Turkey. As per a report in Spanish newspaper El Pais, since Musk's takeover in October 2022, Twitter fully acceded to 808 of the total 971 requests and partially acceded to 154. Twitter agreed to 50% of such requests in the prior year.

How can Tejashwi not know about it: BJP MLA on RJD's coffin tweet.
Bihar's Leader of Opposition Party, Vijay Kumar Sinha, criticised RJD for comparing new Parliament with coffin and also questioned Deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav on his claim that he had no information about RJD's coffin tweet. "Tejashwi is RJD's senior leader, Lalu Yadav has announced him as his successor and he says he doesn't know about party's tweet," Sinha said.

JDU criticises RS Dy Chairman for being at Parliament inauguration.
JD(U) spokesman Neeraj Kumar criticised Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman Harivansh for taking part in the inauguration of new Parliament building despite boycott of the function by the party. Kumar said that the party had sent Harivansh to Rajya Sabha in recognition of his contributions to journalism but when a "dark chapter" was written in parliamentary democracy, he participated in it.

Ideologies of AAP, Congress not same, alliance not possible: Sidhu.
Reacting to the question of Congress forming alliance with Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) in 2024, Congress leader Navjot Singh Sidhu said that an alliance cannot be formed if there are "ideological differences". "My stand is very clear that my fight is for truth...when in doubt I walk straight and I do not compromise on moral values," he added.

He cannot count numbers: Shehzad on Akhilesh's '10 numbari' remark.
Reacting to former UP CM Akhilesh Yadav's '10 numbari' remark over the BJP’s nine years in office, BJP spokesperson Shehzad Poonawalla said that those who cannot count numbers cannot even count the BJP’s achievements. He added, "[The] Narendra Modi government has completed nine years, not ten." Earlier, Akhilesh had called the BJP '10 numbari' for not fulfilling its promises.

Congress forms panel to probe collapse of 'Saptarishi' idols in MP.
Congress has formed a seven-member committee to probe the collapse of six of the seven idols of 'Saptarishis' at Mahakal Lok corridor in Madhya Pradesh's Ujjain due to strong winds. "I demand from the Chief Minister that new idols be installed immediately and those who indulged in sub-standard construction should be punished after an investigation," Congress' Kamal Nath said.

Mumbai middlemen taking fee to assist ₹2,000-note payments: Report.
Several middlemen in Mumbai's wholesale markets have been charging a commission of ₹500 to ₹1,500 to facilitate payments through ₹2,000 notes, Moneycontrol reported. As per the report, this started happening after some wholesalers stopped accepting payments through ₹2,000 notes, pointing out they were going out of circulation. Notably, ₹2,000 notes will remain legal tender even after September 30.

Seen nothing more horrifying: DCW chief on 16-yr-old girl's murder.
Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) chief Swati Maliwal has issued a notice to the national capital's police after a 16-year-old girl died after her boyfriend allegedly stabbed her over 20 times and hit her multiple times with a brick. "I have never seen anything more horrifying than this in my career of so many years," she said.

NIA compares Yasin Malik to Osama bin Laden; HC issues him notice.
Delhi High Court has issued a notice to Kashmiri separatist leader Yasin Malik on NIA's appeal seeking a death penalty for him in a terror funding case. During the hearing, Solicitor General Tushar Mehta, appearing for NIA, said that Malik had pleaded guilty "tactfully" and "if Osama Bin Laden was before this court, he would also get the same treatment".

Choose peace over attention: Arjun after criticism over Malaika sharing his semi-nude pic.
Arjun Kapoor shared a cryptic post after criticism over Malaika Arora sharing a semi-nude picture of him with caption 'My very own lazy boy'. "Choose peace over attention; thrive in silence," Arjun's post read. While several social media users called the picture "crass", a person said, "I am not witty enough, but this is so tacky to me."

Pics of CSK fans sleeping at railway station at 3 am go viral as IPL final gets postponed.
Several CSK fans were spotted sleeping at a railway station in Ahmedabad at 3 am after IPL 2023 final got postponed to today following incessant rain on Sunday. Reacting to the pictures, a fan tweeted, "We've to bring the trophy home so that we can put a smile on their faces." "As a fan, this makes me sad," wrote another.

IPL issues guidelines over physical tickets for those attending IPL 2023 final today.
IPL has issued guidelines over physical tickets for those attending rescheduled IPL 2023 final today. IPL stated that complete ticket intact or complete ticket with all torn pieces will be allowed for entry. It added that tickets with all details mentioned will be allowed. People with part ticket with no/incomplete details will not be allowed to enter.

Tell me where to come: Punia on ex-IPS officer's 'wrestlers can be shot' tweet.
After clash between protesting wrestlers and Delhi Police, retired IPS officer NC Asthana tweeted, "Police will even shoot if necessary...Right now you've just been dragged...like a sack of garbage. Article 129 gives police the right to shoot." Bajrang Punia replied, "Bata kahan aana hai...Kasam se peeth nai dikhayenge (Tell me where to come...I swear I won't show you my back)."

Boyfriend stabs 16-yr-old Delhi girl 20 times, hits her with brick; nobody seen helping her.
A 16-year-old girl was murdered allegedly by her boyfriend identified as Sahil in Delhi's Shahbad Dairy on Sunday, police said. A video of the incident showed the boy stabbing her over 20 times and then hitting her multiple times with a brick. The video shows passersby watching the act and not coming to help the girl.

India reclaims spot as world's 5th largest stock market with $3.3 trillion m-cap.
India has reclaimed its position as the world's fifth largest stock market, with a market capitalisation of $3.3 trillion. India surpassed France after shares of Adani Group surged in the past week and over $100 billion were wiped out from France's market value amid a sell-off in LVMH and Vivendi stocks. India had lost its rank to France in January.

S Korean airline stops selling seats near emergency exit after man opened door mid-air.
Asiana Airlines has stopped selling some seats near the emergency exit after a recent incident in which a passenger opened the aircraft door mid-air. "This measure is a safety precaution and applies even if the flight is full," the South Korea-based airline said. The man opened the door because he was stressed and wanted to get off the plane quickly.

Nifty Bank hits record high of 44,483.
Nifty Bank gained 1% to hit record high of 44,483 on Monday. Shares of all banks in the index were trading in the green, with HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank contributing to most of the gains. The index has gained 12% in last two months, with SBI, ICICI and Kotak Mahindra Bank accounting for 60% of increase in market capitalisation.

CBI files FIR against Rolls-Royce for 'cheating' govt in procurement of Hawk aircraft.
The CBI has filed an FIR against Rolls-Royce, its executives, and unknown public servants over alleged corruption in procurement of trainer aircraft. These persons allegedly tried to "cheat the Government of India", the CBI said. The public servants abused their official positions to approve and procure trainer jets in lieu of huge bribes, commissions and kickbacks, the agency said.

BJP won't call for ban on his films: NCP on SRK’s Parliament tweet.
After actor Shah Rukh Khan tweeted and expressed happiness over the inauguration of the new Parliament building, the NCP said that BJP leaders in Maharashtra will not call for a ban on SRK’s movies now. Khan had said, "What a magnificent new home for the people who uphold our Constitution [and] represent every citizen of this great nation."

AI threatening musicians' livelihood, it leads to anxiety: Rohan.
Singer Rohan Solomon has said that the level of anxiety is high in the music industry. "This industry is anyway so unstable for most people and with things like AI coming into the picture, and threatening the livelihood of musicians, leads to more anxiety," he added. Rohan also said several musicians live "gig to gig" and that leads to stress.

I put my ADHD on display: Doja on changing album name many times.
Rapper Doja Cat reacted to changing her album's name multiple times. "I put my ADHD kind of on display...by accident, I guess...I thought that 'Hellmouth' was...the name of the album, but then it wasn't...But I'm good at doing things last minute. So I've been firing off random stuff...and seeing how people receive it and then...saying 'no' a lot," she added.

Gill's release from KKR was biggest blunder in IPL: Scott Styris.
Ex-New Zealand all-rounder Scott Styris has said KKR's decision to release Shubman Gill ahead of IPL 2022 was the "biggest blunder" a team has made in IPL's history. "The only other one was KL Rahul's [release] from RCB. However, there's age advantage...Gill is still very young," added Styris. Gill, who now represents GT, is the leading run-scorer in IPL 2023.

You discover gems about your game after long time: HS Prannoy.
Indian badminton player HS Prannoy, while talking about winning his first-ever BWF World Tour title after clinching Malaysia Masters 2023, said, "There are some hidden gems you...discover about your own game after a long time." "Mixed emotions, but yeah, really happy," Prannoy stated. He won the final after defeating China's Weng Hong Yang 21-19, 13-21, 21-18.

PM gave preference to only 1 religion during inauguration: Owaisi.
Reacting to the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament, AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi said that PM Narendra Modi gave preference to only one religion. He further said that Narendra Modi is not only the PM of "Hindus" but also of "Muslims". He added, "We all saw pictures of PM with Hindu priests…[Preachers of other religions] should also have been invited."

They are '10 numbari': Akhilesh after BJP completes 9 years.
As the BJP completed nine years in office, former UP CM Akhilesh Yadav said that the party has become "10 numbari". He also alleged that the BJP hasn’t done anything to develop Uttar Pradesh. He added, "BJP promised smart cities, how many smart cities have been made?" Earlier, Congress had posed nine questions for PM Modi on completing nine years.

US-based Private Shares Fund cuts Eruditus' valuation to $2.9 bn.
US-based The Private Shares Fund, which invests in late-stage venture capital-backed startups, slashed the fair value of edtech unicorn Eruditus by 9% in the March quarter, effectively valuing the startup at $2.9 billion. Eruditus was previously valued at $3.2 billion. The Private Shares Fund has a 0.2% stake in Eruditus.

PM Modi takes part in oath ceremony of CVC Praveen Srivastava.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday participated in the oath ceremony of newly appointed Central Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) Praveen Kumar Srivastava at Rashtrapati Bhavan. Srivastava was working as the acting CVC since December last year. President Droupadi Murmu administered the oath of Srivastava and Vice President Jagdeep Dhankhar also participated in the ceremony.

Teen dies after being stabbed 21 times in Delhi, video surfaces.
An 18-year-old boy was allegedly stabbed to death by a group of four to five boys over old enmity in Delhi's Kalyanpuri, police said. CCTV footage of the incident, which shows the boy being chased, has surfaced online. The teenager was referred to a hospital with 21 stab injuries, where he was declared dead, the DCP (East) said.

PIL against exchange of ₹2,000 notes without ID proof dismissed.
The Delhi High Court on Monday dismissed a PIL challenging RBI and SBI's notifications that permit exchange of ₹2,000 currency notes without requirement of any identity proof. The plea was moved by BJP leader and Advocate Ashwini Kumar Upadhyay, who said the notifications are arbitrary, irrational, and offend Article 14 of the Constitution of India.

Thane man kills wife for not being able to conceive, arrested.
The Thane Police arrested a 37-year-old man for allegedly killing his wife after frequent arguments because she was not able to conceive. According to reports, on Sunday evening, the duo were again fighting, which led the accused to kill his wife with a sharp weapon. The woman collapsed and died on the spot.

Parents carry baby's body in arms due to lack of proper road in TN.
Parents of an 18-month-old baby, who died due to a snake bite, carried the body in their arms after an ambulance dropped them midway due to lack of proper road in Tamil Nadu's Vellore. A video of the parents carrying the baby was shared by state BJP chief K Annamalai. A case has been filed in the matter.

US diplomat calls Pakistan Interior Minister 'killer' & 'badmash'.
US diplomat Zalmay Khalilzad criticised Pakistan Interior Minister Rana Sanaullah for calling him a lobbyist for ex-Pakistan PM Imran Khan, saying, "I don't lobby for anyone." The US diplomat called Sanaullah a "killer" and "badmash", and questioned, "Why has PM Shehbaz Sharif given [Interior Minister's] key position to a man who has the blood of innocent Pakistanis on his hand?"

Turkey Prez gives cash to voters outside polling station, clip out.
A video has surfaced online showing Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan handing out cash to supporters after casting his vote in the runoff vote of the presidential election on Sunday. Erdogan gave notes worth around $10 each and shook hands with the supporters. Notably, Erdogan has been re-elected as the President of Turkey, extending his rule into a third decade.

US' New York City bans discrimination based on height & weight.
US' New York City has banned discrimination against a person based on their height and weight, adding the two to the list of protected categories, including race and religion. "We...deserve the same access to employment [and] housing...regardless of our appearance," the city's mayor said. Exemptions can be made if a person's height or weight restrict them from performing a job.

Prince Harry may lose up to $20 mn if he loses lawsuits: Lawyer.
UK-based lawyer Mark Stephens has claimed Prince Harry's multiple lawsuits could cost him millions even if he wins, but if he loses, he could be left with a bill of up to $20 million. Stephens' comments came after Harry lost a lawsuit, a bid to legally challenge the British government's decision not to allow him to pay for police protection.

Video shows the moment humpback whale crashed into boat in US.
A humpback whale crashed into a boat causing screams from passengers on a US beach. A video of the incident in which the humpback whale can be seen suddenly emerging from the sea and shocking passengers has gone viral online. The incident occurred on the Long Beach, when a group of people had gone on a boating trip.

PM Modi flags off Northeast's first Vande Bharat Express in Assam.
PM Narendra Modi has flagged off Northeast's first Vande Bharat Express in Assam, which will run between Guwahati and West Bengal's New Jalpaiguri, via video conferencing. The Vande Bharat Express will cover the distance in five hours and 30 minutes, which is an hour less than the current fastest train on the route. PM Modi also inaugurated a DEMU/MEMU shed.

Pic shows pilot entering plane via cockpit window after getting locked out in US.
A picture showing a Southwest Airlines pilot entering the cockpit through a window in US has gone viral online. The airline said a customer inadvertently locked the flight deck door while the pilots were preparing to board the aircraft. In response to the picture tweeted by a passenger, the airline said, "That is definitely something you don't see every day."

Will let wrestlers protest at site other than Jantar Mantar: Police.
A day after clearing the protest site of wrestlers, the Delhi Police on Monday said that if wrestlers give an application for sit-in protest again they will be allowed for it. "They will be permitted for protest at a suitable place other than Jantar Mantar," the police added. On Sunday, police had removed tents and other installations at Jantar Mantar.

Wrestlers flouted law despite requests: Delhi Police on detention.
Delhi Police on Monday said that the protesting wrestlers, who took out march towards new Parliament building, were detained because they violated law despite all requests made to them. Their sit-in protest has been made to conclude and if wrestlers give an application for fresh sit-in protest, they will be granted a place other than Jantar Mantar, the police added.

An angry customer once tipped me ₹20 for cleaning his room: OYO Founder.
OYO Founder-CEO Ritesh Agarwal said he worked as hotel staff whenever needed during the company's early days. He recently recalled an incident when he went to clean a customer's room and they scolded him for being late, assuming he was part of the hotel's cleaning staff. However, Agarwal said he cleaned the customer's room thoroughly and got ₹20 as tip.

IAF's Apache helicopter makes precautionary landing in MP.
An Apache attack helicopter of the Indian Air Force (IAF) made a precautionary landing at a village in Madhya Pradesh's Bhind district on Monday, according to IAF officials. The cause of the precautionary landing is not known yet and the district administration has reached the site. Reports claimed there were some technical issues in the helicopter.

Smriti Irani says she 'photobombed' Amit Shah's pic in new Parliament, shares it on Twitter.
After the inauguration of the new Parliament building, Women and Child Development Minister Smriti Irani shared picture with Home Minister Amit Shah and wrote, "Photo bombed - When everyone wants to be a part of the 'main frame'." The viral picture also shows Union Minister G Kishan Reddy in the background.

28-yr-old Indian-origin gangster Amarpreet shot dead at wedding reception in Canada.
A 28-year-old Indian-origin gangster, Amarpreet 'Chucky' Samra, has been shot dead by unknown people at a wedding reception in Canada's Vancouver. Amarpreet was on Canadian police's most violent gangsters' list. "Patrol officers performed CPR on the victim until paramedics arrived, but he died from his injuries," police said in a released statement.

'Tu Tu..' is like Tom & Jerry, worked because of no drama: Supriya.
Actress Supriya Pilgaonkar said 'Tu Tu Main Main' is like 'Tom & Jerry'. Supriya, who will be seen in the show's second season and will be playing late actress Reema Lagoo's role, said it would be very challenging. "Our show showed...things in a very [light] manner. 'Tu Tu Main Main' was...all comedy...no drama and that's why it worked," she added.

500 people ask about marriage plans in comments on my posts: Sinha.
When asked if she ever faces questions relating to her marriage plans, actress Sonakshi Sinha said, "Open the comments section...on my social media pages...you will see at least 500 people asking me...the same question." "No woman is...spared," she added. She further said that a woman could be the President of the country but she would still get asked about marriage.

'Kennedy' was screened in a 2000-seat theatre at Cannes: Abhilash.
Actor Abhilash Thapliyal has revealed that his film 'Kennedy' was screened in the biggest theatre at the Cannes Film Festival. "It was a 2000-seat theatre," he added. While speaking more about the film screenings at the festival, Abhilash said, "Usually the cast and crew of the film watches the film with you in the theatre."

Got trolled by her fans: Gulshan on talking about Tamannaah, Vijay.
Actor Gulshan Devaiah said that after he spoke about actress Tamannaah Bhatia and actor Vijay Varma, he got trolled by Bhatia's fans. "I got trolled...very mildly, not like intensely. They tell me 'How dare you discuss somebody's private life'. I am like 'What did I do? I didn't even take her name'," he added.

Michael Vaughan gets haircut on Mumbai road, video goes viral.
Ex-England captain Michael Vaughan got a haircut and a head massage from a street-side barber in Mumbai ahead of the IPL 2023 final between CSK and GT. Vaughan himself shared the video of getting the haircut and wrote, "All ready for the IPL final." The IPL final was postponed to Monday after heavy rain in Ahmedabad on Sunday.

Upper age limit for J&K combined competitive exam raised by 3 yrs.
The upper age limit for the Jammu and Kashmir Combined Competitive Examination 2023 has been raised by three years, according to an official notification. As per the notification, the upper age limit for open merit candidates has been increased to 35 years from 32 years. Upper age limit has been raised to 37 years for reserved category candidates.

Russia warns of escalation in Ukraine, says 'Yet to act seriously'.
Russia's Ambassador to the UK Andrei Kelin has warned of an escalation in the Ukraine war, saying, "Russia hasn't just started yet to act very seriously." "The length of the conflict depends on the efforts in escalation of the war that's being undertaken by Nato countries, especially by...UK," he said. "[This] escalation may get...new dimension which we don't...want," he added.

Life of Pak's 90s greats filled with fights, match-fixing: Hafeez.
Ex-Pakistan all-rounder Mohammad Hafeez, in a recent podcast, opened up about the 2010 match-fixing scandal, stating that the roots of "illicit activities" were planted long before. "Several of [our] 90s greats...did a lot of wrongs...look into their career, it was filled with fights, backbiting, match-fixing and lobbying," said Hafeez. Three Pakistan players were involved in spot-fixing in 2010.

Attempt to defame us: Sakshee Malikkh on 'smiling' morphed picture.
Reacting to a "smiling" morphed picture of Sangeeta and Vinesh Phogat, wrestler Sakshee Malikkh said that people who are doing this have no shame. She added, "How does God create such people? Pasting smiles on the faces of girls who are disturbed...I don't think they even have a heart. They are trying to defame us."

Chelsea end their worst season ever with 1-1 draw vs Newcastle.
Chelsea have ended their worst season ever with a 1-1 draw against Newcastle United. They finished with 44 points, their lowest-ever total in the Premier League era. Anthony Gordon scored the goal for Newcastle United in the 9th minute while Kieran Trippier scored for Chelsea in the 27th minute. Chelsea finished 14th with 51 points in 1993/94.

Man Utd finish 3rd in PL, equal own record for most home wins.
Manchester United came back from being 0-1 down to defeat Fulham 2-1 in their last game of the Premier League 2022/23 season. With their win, United also matched their record of 27 home wins across competitions in a single season. They had set this record under Sir Alex Ferguson in the 2002/03 campaign. United finished third in Premier League.

Companies that don't take advantage of AI will perish: Nvidia CEO.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said at a recent graduation ceremony in Taiwan, "Agile companies will take advantage of AI and boost their position. Companies less so will perish." He added, "While some worry that AI may take their jobs, someone who's expert with AI will." He also urged students to "run and not walk" after what they want to create.

Next-gen navigational satellite NVS-01 successfully deployed: ISRO.
ISRO on Monday said that the GSLV-F12/NVS-01 mission, launched from Sriharikota earlier today, has been accomplished. "After a flight of about 19 minutes, the NVS-01 satellite was injected precisely into a Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit," ISRO said. The NVS-01 is the first of the second-generation satellites envisaged for the Navigation with Indian Constellation (NavIC) services.

Did we choose Prime Minister or Vasco da Gama in 2014: Kanhaiya.
Congress leader Kanhaiya Kumar criticised PM Narendra Modi and called him "Raja Babu". He said that people should ask themselves whether they selected the Prime Minister or Vasco da Gama in 2014. He added, "According to the BJP, PM Modi is not only the Prime Minister, but he is also the President…and some times he is also an Olympic champion."

Govt, IIT-B hosting India's 1st Mining Start-up Summit in Mumbai.
The Ministry of Mines, in collaboration with IIT Bombay, is hosting India's first-ever 'Mining Start-up Summit' on May 29 in Mumbai. As per the ministry, the event is expected to see participation from more than 150 startups and 20 major industries, and will focus on innovation and techniques that can help build autonomy in the field of mining and metallurgy.

Light rain in Delhi till Wed, temp to stay below 37°C: IMD.
Delhi is expected to receive light rain till Wednesday and the temperature is expected to remain under the 37 degrees mark through the week, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said. Delhi-NCR will likely see partly cloudy skies after Wednesday, the weather department added. On Sunday, minimum temperature in Delhi settled at 23.6°C, while the maximum temperature was recorded at 35.7°C.

7 held for attacking Hindu man out with Muslim woman in Indore.
At least seven people have been arrested for allegedly attacking a Hindu man who was with a Muslim woman, wearing a hijab, in Madhya Pradesh's Indore. The incident's video, which had surfaced online earlier, shows a person saying, "You're wearing hijab, but you're not following the law." The Additional DCP said that woman argued that she had her parents' permission.

Video shows light, laser show at new Parliament after inauguration.
A video showing a light and laser show in the evening at the new Parliament building after its inauguration has surfaced online. In the video, the building can be seen illuminated with tricolour lights. The building was built at a cost of ₹971 crore and its Lok Sabha is based on peacock theme and Rajya Sabha on lotus theme.

Japanese Ambassador eats golgappe, chaat in Varanasi, shares clip.
Japanese Ambassador to India Hiroshi Suzuki has shared a video in which he can be seen eating golgappe and other chaat items in Uttar Pradesh's Varanasi. "I really wanted to eat golgappe since I saw PM Narendra Modi and Japanese PM Fumio Kishida eating them together!" he tweeted. Suzuki also shared pictures of him eating a pure Banarasi Thali.

7 engineering students killed after car collides with parked vehicle in Assam.
Seven people were killed and a few others were injured after a car they were travelling in collided with a parked vehicle in the Jalukbari area in Assam's Guwahati on Sunday night. As per preliminary investigation, we have found that the deceased are engineering students, the Joint Commissioner of Police said. According to reports, the car also hit the divider.

Zaira reacts to pic of woman eating in niqab, says ‘I also ate like this, it's my choice’.
Former actress Zaira Wasim reacted to a post showing a woman eating in niqab and asking, "Is this a choice of a human being?" Zaira replied, "Just attended a wedding. Ate exactly like this. Purely my choice. Even when everyone...kept nagging me that I take the niqab off. I didn't. We don't do it for you. Deal with it."

Multiple groundsmen sit under one umbrella at Ahmedabad stadium, pic goes viral.
A picture of multiple groundsmen sitting under one umbrella amid rain at Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad, where IPL 2023 final was scheduled to be held on Sunday, went viral. Fans took to Twitter to thank the efforts of the groundsmen during the rain-affected day. "They are the real heroes," a fan tweeted. "They do a thankless job," wrote another.

Who will win IPL 2023 if the final gets washed out today as well?.
IPL 2023 final between CSK and GT has been rescheduled to today after incessant rain in Ahmedabad on Sunday. If conditions don't allow even a five-over match today, the teams will play a Super Over to determine the result. If that is also not possible, GT will be declared winners as they finished higher on points table in league stage.

What is the weather forecast for Ahmedabad where IPL 2023 final will take place today?.
The IPL 2023 final between GT and CSK, which couldn't take place on Sunday due to rain, will be held tonight in Ahmedabad. As per The Weather Channel, the weather will be "mostly clear" from 7.30 pm to 11.30 pm. The cloud cover will be more than 20%. Further, the likelihood of rain at around 8.30 pm will be 22%.

PSG goalkeeper Sergio Rico in serious condition after being hit by loose horse.
PSG goalkeeper Sergio Rico has been admitted to the ICU with a serious head injury after being hit by a loose horse in an accident in Spain. "Sergio is in good hands, fighting to recover," the player's representative said in a statement, adding that the next 48 hours will be important to determine the progress of his recovery.

Private videos of women wrestlers recorded in police detention by ACP: Vinesh Phogat.
After being released from police detention on Sunday, wrestler Vinesh Phogat alleged that private videos of female wrestlers were recorded secretly by ACP Pradeep Kumar inside the police station. "There were 7-8 videos. We caught them and got the videos deleted but we aren't sure if the videos were already sent to someone or not," she said.

ISRO launches next-gen navigational satellite NVS-01.
ISRO on Monday launched the GSLV-F12/NVS-01 mission from Sriharikota. It deployed the next-generation NVS-01 navigation satellite, weighing about 2232 kg, into a Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit. The NVS-01 is the first of the second-generation satellites envisaged for the Navigation with Indian Constellation (NavIC) services. An indigenous atomic clock is being flown in NVS-01 for the first time.

Rahul gets new passport, likely to leave for US today: Reports.
Rahul Gandhi was issued a new ordinary passport on Sunday, two days after a Delhi court gave its clearance, said reports quoting sources. The Congress leader, who had applied for an ordinary passport after surrendering the old diplomatic passport issued to him when he was a Member of Parliament, will likely travel to the US today, the reports added.

Rolls-Royce to cut thousands of jobs: Report.
Rolls-Royce is planning to cut thousands of jobs in the company's civil aerospace, defence and power systems divisions, Bloomberg reported. About 10% of the company's 30,000-member workforce could be impacted by the job cuts. The move could come after the company hired consultants led by McKinsey & Co to advise it on streamlining operations.

5 killed in Manipur amid fresh violence, 40 armed militants shot.
At least five people, including a policeman, were killed and 12 got injured after fresh violence erupted in Manipur. The development came on Sunday, same day when Manipur CM N Biren Singh said that at least 40 armed militants have been killed by security forces in last four days. Union Home Minister Amit Shah is scheduled to visit Manipur today.

PM Modi congratulates Erdogan on his re-election as Prez of Turkey.
PM Narendra Modi congratulated Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdogan after he was re-elected as the President of Turkey on Sunday. Taking to Twitter, PM Modi said, "I'm confident that our (India–Turkey) bilateral ties and cooperation on global issues will continue to grow in the coming times." World leaders, including US President Joe Biden and Russian President Vladimir Putin, also congratulated Erdogan.

Belarus Prez 'urgently' rushed to hospital after meeting with Putin: Report.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko was urgently rushed to hospital after he held a closed-door meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Leading specialists were mobilised to address his critical condition, Belarus' Opposition leader Valery Tsepkalo said. "The...efforts to save (him) are aimed to dispel speculations regarding Kremlin's alleged involvement in poisoning," Tsepkalo added.

Turkey's Erdogan wins another term as president, extends rule into 3rd decade.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has won Turkey’s Presidential election, extending his rule into a third decade. "We are not the only winners, the winner is Turkey. The winner is all parts of our society [and] our democracy,” Erdogan said after the victory. Reportedly, Erdogan won the election with over 52% of vote, while his rival Kemal Kilicdaroglu trailed with 47.9%.

I'll be happy even if Bhansali wants me to be lamp shade: Waluscha.
Actress Waluscha De Sousa, when asked what kind of role would she want to do with filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali, said that she would do it happily even if he wants her to be a lamp shade. "I will do that happily. He makes his women subtle, beautiful and strong at the same time," the 'Time To Dance' actress added.

Impact Player rule won't apply on Dhoni, he has to field: Sehwag.
Talking about MS Dhoni's IPL future, Virender Sehwag said the CSK captain will either play as first-team player or will retire. "Impact Player rule doesn't apply on Dhoni. Because he's playing only for captaincy," stated Sehwag. "[It's] for someone who doesn't field but bats, or a bowler who doesn't need to bat. Dhoni has to field 20 overs," he added.

Rayudu one of most underrated players India ever produced: Uthappa.
Talking about CSK batter Ambati Rayudu, former India cricketer Robin Uthappa said he is "one of the most underrated cricketers" the country has ever produced. "He should've played Test cricket, I can't believe he did not play the game," Uthappa stated. Rayudu has announced his retirement from the league and stated that IPL 2023 final will be his last game.

I'm sad to see these visuals: Irfan Pathan on wrestlers' detention.
Ex-India all-rounder Irfan Pathan has reacted to the visuals of wrestlers being detained as they tried to march to the new Parliament building during its inauguration yesterday. "I'm so sad to see the visuals of our athletes...Please solve this ASAP," tweeted Irfan. The detained wrestlers, including Vinesh Phogat, Sangeeta Phogat and Sakshee Malikkh, were later released on Sunday.

AC Milan beat Juventus 1-0, secure Champions League spot.
AC Milan have secured a place in the next season’s Champions League by defeating Juventus 1-0 in a Serie A match. Olivier Giroud scored the goal for AC Milan in the 40th minute. Giroud has hit 12-goal mark in a single season for the first time since the 2016-17 campaign. AC Milan are currently placed fourth on the points table.

Platforms to face 'deep behavioural change' post data bill: MoS IT.
Platforms that have for long misused personal data and tracked consumers will have to undergo "deep behavioural change" following the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, MoS for IT Rajeev Chandrasekhar said. Talking about the issue of government-appointed fact check body, he said the move isn't about censorship. "It's simply about saying what is patently false, is patently false," he stated.

KCR is not Telangana's CM but 'President of Taliban': YS Sharmila.
YSR Telangana Party chief YS Sharmila criticised Telangana CM KCR and said that he is not the CM but "President of the Taliban". She also alleged that there is no democracy in Telangana. She added, "Did you (KCR) ever fight for state's rights? Did you ever raise your voice in the Parliament to protest [in favour of] the state’s interests?"

What kind of 'Rajdharm' is this: Deepender on wrestlers' detention.
Congress leader Deepender Hooda accused BJP government of favouring WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh and said that the government is not listening to wrestlers, who brought pride to our nation, and protecting Bhushan just because he is a BJP MP. "What kind of Rajdharm is this?" Hooda added. Earlier, Brij Bhushan had accused Hooda of hatching a conspiracy against him.

Breakdown of law in Manipur, no peace appeal by PM Modi: Jairam.
Congress leader Jairam Ramesh criticised the BJP over the violence in Manipur, saying that things have turned from bad to worse ahead of Union Home Minister Amit Shah's visit to Imphal (the state capital). He added, "It's a horrific tragedy unfolding while the Prime Minister is obsessed about his self-coronation. Not a single appeal for peace [was] issued by him."

File report on e-pharmacy rules discussion in 6 wks: HC to Centre.
The Delhi High Court has granted six weeks' time to the Centre to inform it about the outcome of its consultations with stakeholders on draft rules to regulate e-pharmacies. It also asked the Centre to ensure that the pendency of ongoing cases doesn't prevent the latter from taking action against non-licenced digital pharmacies.

BMW worth over ₹1 crore washes out to sea on UK beach, video out.
A BMW car worth more than ₹1 crore was washed out to sea on a Cornwall beach in UK on Sunday. A video has surfaced online in which the car can be seen in the seawater, part-submerged, as the wave lap against the windows. After the incident was reported, local coastguards rescued the vehicle and towed it away.

Thousands gather outside Turkish Prez's palace after Erdogan's win.
Thousands of supporters of Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan gathered outside the Turkish presidential palace to celebrate Erdogan's victory in the presidential election run-off. A video has surfaced online wherein several people can be seen outside the palace. Erdoğan, who has defeated Opposition candidate Kemal Kilicdaroglu, will now serve another five years as the President of Turkey.

BPEA EQT set to buy HDFC Credila for up to $1.5 billion: Report.
Baring Private Equity Asia (BPEA) EQT is set to acquire Credila Financial Services, HDFC's educational loan arm, for $1.3-1.5 billion (around ₹10,000 crore-12,000 crore), the Economic Times reported. Other private equity firms that were reportedly bidding for Credila include Carlyle, TA Associates, Blackstone and CVC Capital. BPEA EQT will be buying 90% of Credila, as per the report.

IPL 2023 final between GT and CSK to now take place tomorrow as rain plays spoilsport.
The Indian Premier League (IPL) 2023 final between GT and CSK at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad will now take place tomorrow on the reserve day. The play was not possible on Sunday due to constant rain in Ahmedabad. This is the first time that an IPL final has gone to the reserve day.

2 children among 6 dead as car smashes through lorry’s front in Karnataka.
Six people, including two children, died in a road accident after a car smashed through a lorry's front in Karnataka's Kushtagi on Sunday, police said. According to a report, all the deceased were from Vijayapura. CM Siddaramaiah, while condoling the loss of lives, announced ex-gratia amount of ₹2 lakh each to the kin of the deceased.

'The Kerala...' maker reacts to Kamal Haasan's 'propaganda' remark.
Filmmaker Sudipto Sen reacted after Kamal Haasan called 'The Kerala Story' a "propaganda film". "A person is indulging in propaganda by calling it a propaganda film without watching it and making his opinion. What else would the words be than hypocrisy or petty!" Sen said. He added that the film has received appreciation within India and in 37 countries internationally.

Water in Venice's iconic Grand Canal mysteriously turns bright green.
Venetian authorities are investigating after a patch of bright green water appeared in the iconic Grand Canal on Sunday morning. The mysterious green liquid does not pose a health threat to people in Venice, police have said. Authorities immediately took water samples, reviewed CCTV surveillance tape and asked local boat drivers if they saw anything suspicious.

Female spectator pushes, hits policeman at Narendra Modi Stadium, video goes viral.
A video showing female spectator pushing and hitting a policeman at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad, which is hosting the IPL 2023 final, has gone viral. Reacting to the video, a Twitter user tagged the Ahmedabad Police and asked them to probe the incident, while another user claimed that the police officer was drunk.

Pic showing CSK displayed as runners-up on big screen goes viral, fans react.
A picture showing CSK being displayed as IPL 2023 runners-up on big screen at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad on Sunday went viral. Reacting to the picture, a fan wrote, "Is it true or are they just checking the system?" Another wrote, "Is this for real?" Another tweet read, "It must be screen testing."

Leicester City, who won Premier League in 2016, get relegated.
Leicester City, who had won Premier League in 2016, have been relegated from the top tier of English football. Leicester defeated West Ham 2-1 on the last matchday of Premier League 2022-23, however, Everton survived relegation by defeating Bournemouth 1-0 and ensured Leicester's relegation. Leicester finished 18th on the points table. Leeds United and Southampton have also been relegated.

Police took hrs to file FIR against us & 7 days for Bhushan: Punia.
After Delhi Police filed an FIR against protesting wrestlers, Wrestler Bajrang Punia said that it took police "only a few hours to register an FIR against us but it took them seven days to register an FIR against [WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh]". The FIR was filed after wrestlers were detained as they tried to march to new Parliament building.

Sengol bent on 1st day: TN CM Stalin on wrestlers' detention.
Tamil Nadu CM MK Stalin criticised PM Narendra Modi over the assault and detention of the protesting wrestlers, saying the Sengol has bent on the first day after it was placed in the new Parliament building. "It is condemnable that the protesters were manhandled, dragged and forcefully arrested, during the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament building," he said.

K'taka's BJP govt spent ₹44 crore on ads from Dec-Mar before polls: RTI.
Karnataka's previous BJP government spent ₹44 crore on advertisements between December 1 and March 29, response to an activist's RTI said. Model Code of Conduct was imposed on March 29 ahead of polls. Government spent ₹27.46 crore and ₹16.96 crore on print media and electronic media ads. "It's wrong to spend excessive amounts of taxpayers' money during elections," activist said.

Pic of 'heart-shaped' glacier on Pluto released by NASA.
NASA has released a picture captured by its New Horizons spacecraft, showing a heart-shaped glacier on Pluto's surface. It also features mountains, cliffs, valleys, craters and plains, thought to be made of methane and nitrogen ice, NASA stated. "Pluto's surface is marked with cracks and craters in shades of brown," the space agency wrote about the image.

Citizens likely to be asked about phones, internet, cars, cereal in Census: Report.
The Census of India will ask citizens 31 questions, including access to smartphones, internet, laptops, computers, cars, two-wheelers and main cereal consumed, officials told PTI. While the government is yet to announce a new schedule, the Census is unlikely to be held before next Lok Sabha elections, officials said. It will be the first digital Census in history of India.

All 85 million citizens of Turkey are victors: Erdogan.
As the unofficial election results showed Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan emerge as winner in the presidential run-off, he said all 85 million citizens of the country are the victors. Addressing a gathering while standing on top of a bus, Erdogan said that with this victory, the door of the "century of Turkey" has opened.

Erdogan wins Turkey presidential election run-off: State media.
Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has won the presidential election run-off, defeating Opposition candidate Kemal Kilicdaroglu, according to state-run Anadolu Agency. As per the unofficial results after 97% of ballot boxes were opened, Erdogan was ahead with 52.1% votes, while his rival trailed with 47.9%. The country's Supreme Election Council has shown Erdogan leading.

Will be 1st to announce: Keerthy's father on marriage rumours.
Keerthy Suresh's father G Sureshkumar has reacted to the wedding rumours of the actress and asked her fans to respect Keerthy's privacy. He posted a video in which he said that if Keerthy is getting married, he'd be the first to announce it. Talking about Keerthy's viral picture with her friend, Sureshkumar said that the two are only good friends.

Films are failing as people aren't honest with each other: Shahid.
Shahid Kapoor said that the reason why films are failing is because people on the sets aren't honest with each other. "People feel that if they say something, the other person will feel bad...We spend so much time...in managing power equations...we can't really be honest...Creative process has to be democratic," shared Shahid, who'll be seen in 'Bloody Daddy'.

It doesn't matter what you do, they'll blame you: Twinkle on kids.
Actress Twinkle Khanna shared a video on "joys of motherhood" on Instagram. In the video, she explained how mothers put their children's happiness above theirs and the sacrifices they make for them. In the end, however, Twinkle wrote, "It doesn't matter what you do. When they grow up, they will go to therapy and blame you."

GT have advantage, CSK's spinners will be affected: Moody on rain.
Talking about the IPL 2023 final being delayed due to rain with the match set to place on the reserve day, ex-SRH head coach Tom Moody said, "This...wouldn't favour CSK as their strength is spin." "It'll be a situation where...you won't get the same purchase [as a spinner]," added Moody. "If anything, it will probably favour GT," he stated.

Kohli & Rohit will be key for India in WTC final: Michael Hussey.
Former Australia cricketer Michael Hussey has said that batters Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma will be important for Team India in the WTC final against Australia. "It's hard to see past Virat Kohli. He (Kohli) is obviously coming back into some great form again," Hussey stated. Talking about India's bowlers, he said, "It’s a world-class attack."

Aus need to pick Pujara's wicket early during WTC final: Ponting.
Former Australia captain Ricky Ponting said they need to pick Indian batter Cheteshwar Pujara's wicket early during the WTC final. "The Australian team will be talking about Pujara. Pujara has been a thorn in their side...in the past," said Ponting. He added that the team would also be targeting Virat Kohli as he too has been a difficult opponent.

India's daughters beaten brutally like terrorists: Congress leader.
Reacting to the police action against the protesting wrestlers in Delhi, Congress leader Supriya Shrinate said that the daughters of the nation who brought medals were beaten brutally, like some terrorists. She added, "The wrestlers [have] only [been] demanding justice for the last one month but all they are getting in return is the government's silence and brutality."

F1 shares video of chaos during Monaco GP after it starts raining.
Formula1 shared a video of the chaos that ensued after rain hit the Monaco Grand Prix around the 51-lap mark. Various drivers including Ferrari's Carlos Sainz, Haas' Kevin Magnussen and even race leader Max Verstappen had their cars sliding around due to the wet conditions. Verstappen, though, managed to hold on to his position to win the Grand Prix.

Aus have the edge but Hazlewood an issue: Ponting on WTC final.
Former Australia captain Ricky Ponting said Australia have a "slight advantage" over India going into the WTC final. "If you look at the conditions...they are a lot more similar to what the Australian players are used to," said Ponting. He added that pacer Josh Hazlewood "might not be considered for selection" and that is a "chink in Australia's armour".

Rohit & Yashasvi leave for UK; Gill, Shami to depart after IPL.
Team India captain Rohit Sharma and 21-year-old batter Yashasvi Jaiswal departed for England on Sunday to join the squad for the World Test Championship (WTC) final against Australia in London. Yashasvi replaced Ruturaj Gaikwad as standby in the squad as the latter is reportedly getting married. Shubman Gill and Mohammad Shami are expected to depart after the IPL 2023 final.

I hadn't slept well for last 3 days, team was worried: HS Prannoy.
Talking about him winning his first-ever BWF World Tour title after clinching Malaysia Masters 2023, Indian badminton player HS Prannoy said, "I hadn't been sleeping well for last three days." "My team was...worried that I'm not sleeping," added Prannoy. "The draw was really tough...I had tough matches. I had to really dig deep...It all went to the wire," he stated.

Ronaldo was upset when I took a free kick instead of him: Eriksen.
Manchester United midfielder Christian Eriksen said the team has multiple set-piece takers and Cristiano Ronaldo was a part of the group prior to his departure. "I did take one [instead of Ronaldo], I think, but he wasn't too happy with that," revealed Eriksen. He added that the players take free kicks on a rotation basis and depending upon their "feeling".

Even God is fed up: RJD on Saptarishi idols collapse in Ujjain.
Reacting to the collapse of six Saptarishi idols in Ujjain's Mahakal Lok corridor due to strong wind, RJD said that even God is fed up with the "robbers" and "conspirators" cheating innocent people in the name of God and religion. "Justice is delayed, but not denied, in God's house," the party said, sharing pictures of the idols collapse incident.

Producer Bunty Walia booked by CBI in ₹119 crore bank fraud case.
The CBI booked film producer Bunty Walia in an alleged bank fraud case that caused a loss of over ₹119 crore to IDBI Bank. The bank sanctioned a loan to his firm in 2008 for financing Sanjay Dutt-Bipasha Basu starrer 'Lamhaa'. The bank failed to recover the loan amount and accused the company of diverting funds and fudging account books.

Randeep Hooda lost 26 kg to play Veer Savarkar: Producer Anand Pandit.
'Swatantrya Veer Savarkar' producer Anand Pandit has revealed that actor Randeep Hooda lost 26 kg to play the titular role of Veer Savarkar. "He had only one khajoor and one glass of milk for four months until the shooting got over," he said. "He was so involved in the character and till date is," he stated.

What is the cut-off time for a 5-over match in IPL 2023 final?.
The toss for IPL 2023 final has been delayed due to constant rain in Ahmedabad. The CSK-GT final can start as late as 9.35 pm today without any loss of overs. Cut-off time for a five-over match is 12.06 am with interval of ten minutes. If rain doesn't allow any play tonight, the final will be held tomorrow (May 29).

INC shares old video of PM saying 'Can't see you upset Vinesh'.
Congress on Sunday shared an old video of PM Narendra Modi interacting with wrestlers on the same day police detained several wrestlers, including Bajrang Punia, Vinesh Phogat and Sakshee Malikkh. In the video, PM can be heard saying, "And Vinesh...she is from my family. I know your whole family...I can't see you upset."

Bajrang Punia shares morphed pic of wrestlers, says 'IT Cell spreading this'.
Wrestler Bajrang Punia on Sunday claimed that a morphed picture of Sangeeta Phogat and Vinesh Phogat, showing them smiling while being detained by the police in Delhi, is being circulated on social media. "IT Cell people are spreading this fake picture," he tweeted. "We make it clear that complaint will be filed against whoever posts this fake picture," he added.

India, Australia finalise their squads for World Test Championship final.
India and Australia have finalised their 15-player squads for World Test Championship final, which will take place at The Oval in London. Both India and Australia submitted their final squads to ICC on Sunday. Australia's Mitchell Marsh and Matthew Renshaw have been named as standbys. Meanwhile, Yashasvi Jaiswal has replaced Ruturaj Gaikwad as a standby player for India.

6 Saptarishi idols damaged due to strong winds in MP's Mahakal Lok corridor.
Six idols of the Saptarishis got damaged due to strong winds in Ujjain's Mahakal Lok corridor on Sunday. DM Kumar Purushottam said, "The work to fix them is going on. Everything will be fixed in 2 days." No casualties were reported due to the incident, despite a large number of devotees gathered at the Mahakal Lok on Sunday.

Hema Malini shares inside pics from new Parliament.
MP Hema Malini took to Twitter to share inside photos from new Parliament. She wrote, "[P]hotos of the beautifully conceived building. All our 'itihasic' glory reflected in the panels and murals on the walls." She added, "Congratulations to all the artists who have worked so hard to make this vision a reality...A sight worth seeing and certainly worth the wait!"

Orange alert issued for Raj as thunderstorms & hailstorms expected from May 28-30.
An orange alert has been issued in parts of Rajasthan where intense thunderstorms and thunderstorms are expected from May 28-30. The alert has been issued for districts of Jaipur, Bikaner, Jodhpur, Jaisalmer, Alwar, Ajmer, Udaipur and Barmer divisions where intense thunderstorms, lightning and thundersqualls with speeds reaching up to 50-60 kmph are likely, IMD said.

3 women killed, over 20 injured as speeding bus overturns in MP.
Three women were killed and over 20 were injured after a speeding bus overturned in Madhya Pradesh's Mandsaur on Sunday, officials said. "Three women, aged 74, 62 and 60 years, were killed," said City Superintendent of Police (CSP) Satnam Singh. MP Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced ex-gratia of ₹4 lakh each to the kin of the deceased.

Police files FIR against wrestlers after detaining them in Delhi.
Delhi Police has filed an FIR against protesting wrestlers after they were detained on Sunday as they tried to march to new Parliament building during its inauguration. Soon after arresting wrestlers, who were protesting at Jantar Mantar for over a month over sexual harassment, police cleared their protest site. Police later released wrestlers Vinesh Phogat, Sangeeta Phogat and Sakshee Malikkh.

Resolve of Akhand Bharat is clear: Pralhad Joshi on pic of mural in new Parliament.
Union Minister Pralhad Joshi took to Twitter to share a picture of a mural in new Parliament. He tweeted, "The resolve of Akhand Bharat is clear." Meanwhile, Karnataka BJP also shared pictures of artworks inside the new Parliament, including the mural, and wrote, "It is a symbol of the vitality of our proud great civilization."

Bandra-Versova sea link to be known as Veer Savarkar Setu: Maharashtra CM.
Maharashtra CM Eknath Shinde has announced that the Bandra-Versova sea link will be known as 'Veer Savarkar Setu'. Shinde made this announcement on the occasion of late Veer Savarkar's birth anniversary, after paying tribute to Savarkar during an event held in Mumbai. The Bandra-Versova sea link is an under-construction bridge spanning 17.17 kms.

Financial influencer Gunjan penalised for offering unregistered investment advice.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has penalised self-styled investment advisor Gunjan Verma for offering unregistered services. A SEBI order stated that Verma had been offering unregistered investment advice to clients since 2018, due to which a fine of ₹1 lakh has been imposed. She has also been told to refund all the money she charged her clients.

Jaya is reason why I joined FTII, saw Abhimaan 3000 times: Shabana.
Shabana Azmi shared that she feels sad that she hasn't done much work with Jaya Bachchan. The two will be seen in 'Rocky Aur Rani Kii Prem Kahaani'. "Jaya is...reason I joined [Film & Television Institute of India]...I saw her performance in 'Abhimaan', which I've...watched 3,000 times. The...strength in that little personality...you...can't move your eyes away from her," Azmi said.

Was running away from being actress, wanted to be director: Alaya.
Alaya F shared that for the longest time, she "ran away" from the idea of being an actress because of how people reacted to it. "I had decided to be anything but...[actress]...I realised I loved films...[wanted to be] director...[but] landed up being...actress," she said. "I realised that direction maybe wasn't for me because I'm very...particular about things," she added.

Hansal Mehta gave me ₹500 after I said yes to 'Simran': Sohum.
Sohum Shah shared that he didn't like his role in Hansal Mehta's 'Simran' but when the filmmaker narrated him the script, he immediately said yes. "Then, he took out...₹500 note from his pocket and gave it to me," Sohum said. While talking about his journey in the industry, the actor-filmmaker said he's "very satisfied" and "God has been kind".

His word goes & everybody follows: GT's tribute video to Pandya.
Gujarat Titans posted a tribute video to their captain Hardik Pandya featuring the voices of their players sharing their thoughts on the India all-rounder. "He's a natural leader...His word goes, and a lot of people, well, everyone really, wants to follow him," said a player. Another player's voice added that Hardik brings "positive vibes" into the room when he enters.

I love your sense of humour: Harsha on Rayudu's retirement tweet.
Reacting to CSK batter Ambati Rayudu tweeting that he will retire from IPL after the IPL 2023 final, commentator Harsha Bhogle tweeted, "Love your sense of humour...and loved your cricket." "You have so much to be proud of," added Harsha. "Thank you all. No U-turn," stated Rayudu in his tweet. Rayudu represented CSK and MI during his IPL career.

MSD is best T20 captain, not in the same category in Tests: Moody.
Former SRH head coach Tom Moody said MS Dhoni is the best T20 captain ever. "[However]...if you're talking about Tests, I wouldn't put Dhoni in that category," added Moody. Dhoni led India to 27 wins and 18 losses respectively in 60 Tests during his stint as Team India's captain. "I have...lot of admiration for his leadership," Moody had earlier stated.

KKR's decline started with Nayar's inclusion: Sivaramakrishnan.
Ex-India spinner Laxman Sivaramakrishnan took to Twitter to state that KKR assistant coach Abhishek Nayar's inclusion into the KKR setup marked the start of the team's decline. "Whoever brought him in needs to be replaced," added Sivaramakrishnan. "Their International League T20 (ILT20) team Abu Dhabi Knight Riders is also terrible," he stated. KKR finished seventh on IPL 2023 points table.

Promise to come back stronger: Nita Ambani's message to MI fans.
Mumbai Indians owners Nita and Akash Ambani shared a message and promised that the franchise would come back stronger next year. "MI has always been about spreading joy and cheer. And the team did that...and...gave a platform to amazing young talent," said the message. They also said that the team is "taking back lots of positives from this season".

Verstappen wins rain-hit Monaco GP as Alonso brings home 2nd place.
Max Verstappen kept Red Bull's 2023 winning record intact by overcoming a rain shower during the closing stages of the Monaco Grand Prix. Verstappen won the street circuit race by over 27 seconds from second-placed Aston Martin rival Fernando Alonso. Alpine's Esteban Ocon came third while Ferrari's decision-making led to their cars falling behind both the Mercedes.

Dictator coronated while daughters were being assaulted: Congress.
After the inauguration of the new Parliament building by PM Narendra Modi, Congress leader Supriya Shrinate said a dictator was coronated while our daughters, referring to protesting wrestlers, were being dragged and assaulted by police. She added that this day is "historic" as the rapist of the nation's daughters was present in the Parliament when it was being inaugurated.

Congress shows 'tiny' PM Modi before 'giant' Nehru; BJP responds.
Congress on Sunday posted a picture on Twitter depicting PM Narendra Modi in miniature standing before a 'giant' former PM Jawaharlal Nehru. "No matter how hard you try," the party wrote. In response, BJP shared an image of Nehru in front of a camera, suggesting that his stature in real life was much smaller than his reel image.

Erdogan takes early lead in Turkey's presidential election: Report.
Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan took an initial lead against Opposition candidate Kemal Kilicdaroglu in the presidential election runoff, according to media reports. In the unofficial results after around 67% ballot boxes were opened, Erdogan was leading with around 54% votes, while Kilicdaroglu trailed with around 45%, as per state-run Anadolu Agency.

Air France flight turns back to Japan after radar malfunction.
An Air France flight reportedly turned back to Japan's Osaka from where it began its journey after weather radar and speed metres malfunctioned. The malfunction occurred while the plane, on its way to Paris, was flying over the Pacific Ocean. The aircraft's leading edge was damaged but none of the 324 passengers and crew were injured.

₹2,000 notes being accepted in Karnataka buses, clarifies KSRTC after getting complaints.
After receiving several complaints that some conductors were refusing to accept the recently withdrawn ₹2,000 notes, the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) released a statement clarifying that it did not issue any such order. Due to some confusion, the Hosakote Depot had issued an order not to accept ₹2,000 notes, but it was subsequently withdrawn.

What is the head-to-head record of CSK and GT in IPL?.
CSK will be facing GT in IPL 2023 final at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad today. CSK and GT have played four matches against each other in IPL, with GT emerging victorious in three of them and CSK winning one. CSK registered their first win against GT in Qualifier 1 this year.

Watson played with bloodied knee without telling anyone in IPL 2019 final.
Shane Watson played with a bloodied knee after injuring himself in the third over in CSK's IPL final against MI in 2019. Watson continued to bat without telling anyone and got stitches after the match. He top-scored in the final with 80(59), however, MI won the match by 1 run. CSK will face GT in IPL 2023 final tonight.

Toss for IPL 2023 final delayed due to heavy rain, wind and hailstorm in Ahmedabad.
The toss for IPL 2023 final between CSK and GT has been delayed at Narendra Modi Stadium as Ahmedabad is witnessing heavy rain, wind and hailstorm. As per IPL match playing conditions, the final match can start on original day as late as 9.35pm without the number of overs being reduced. A reserve day is also available for the final.

Ambati Rayudu announces today's final will be his last IPL match, says 'No U-turn'.
CSK batter Ambati Rayudu has announced that he will retire from IPL after today's IPL 2023 final against GT. "It's been quite a journey...I truly have enjoyed playing this great tournament. Thank you all. No U-turn," he tweeted. Rayudu has been with CSK since IPL 2018. He had played for MI from 2010 to 2017.

Sakshi Malik 'in pain' after being dragged by Delhi Police, says her team.
Wrestler Sakshi Malik is in "pain" after she was "brutally dragged and pushed into the bus," by police in Delhi, her team tweeted. "Some channels are spreading the rumour that Sakshi Malik killed a policeman, this news is totally false," the team said. The protesting wrestler was detained on Sunday as she attempted to march to the new parliament.

I am feeling very sad on seeing this: Neeraj on video of police detaining wrestlers.
Reacting to a video shared by wrestler Sakshee Malikkh which showed police detaining protesting wrestlers, India's Olympic gold medal-winning javelin thrower Neeraj Chopra tweeted, "I am feeling very sad on seeing this." He added, "There has to be a better way to deal with this." The clash erupted as police tried to stop protesters from marching towards new Parliament building.

Nothing on Manipur issue, PM holds 'metaphoric' Sengol: INC leader.
Congress leader P Chidambaram criticised PM Narendra Modi over his silence on the violence that broke out in Manipur, saying the PM holds the "metaphorical" Sengol in his hand. "The Hon'ble PM has not uttered a word so far. Nor has he made an appeal for peace and harmony," he said. Let us embrace the Sengol, Congress' Shashi Tharoor said.

Girl writes to Rahul over grandfather not becoming K'taka minister.
Karnataka Congress leader TB Jayachandra's granddaughter has written a letter to Rahul Gandhi, seeking a ministerial position for her grandfather. "I am sad that my grandfather did not become a minister. I want him to become a minister because he is a kind, capable and hardworking person," she said in her letter.

Shiv Nadar University shooter bought gun for ₹35,000 to 'show off': Police.
Anuj Kumar, the accused in the Shiv Nadar University shooting case in Greater Noida, bought a pistol for ₹35,000 with the intention of "showing off" to his friends, police said. Kumar allegedly shot dead 21-year-old fellow student Sneha Chaurasia, on May 18, before killing himself. Kumar kept the pistol with him inside the campus for 29 days, police said.

30 terrorists using sophisticated arms against civilians killed: Manipur CM.
Manipur Chief Minister N Biren Singh has said that the authorities carried out retaliatory and defensive operations against terrorist groups that are using sophisticated arms against the civilian population. He added that around 30 terrorists have been killed in different areas. "A few have also been arrested by the security forces," he further said.

I should stop now: Vijay on doing dark roles in Dahaad & Darlings.
Vijay Varma said he's not worried about being typecast in negative roles but thinks he should stop now. "I chose 'Dahaad' and 'Darlings' back-to-back because I felt like those were very compelling stories...I think I should put...full stop right here and do something else," Varma added. He shared that 'Dahaad' is probably the "most evil" he's been on screen.

Kapil Sharma, Pankaj Tripathi were approached for 24: Anil Kapoor.
Anil Kapoor recalled that Kapil Sharma, Jaideep Ahlawat and even Pankaj Tripathi were offered to star in '24'. "[Kapil] wanted to do the show but his show [Comedy Nights with Kapil] started," Anil revealed. "Whether people accept it or not, they do have tremendous regard for the show. '24'...gave...industry so many technicians. They've all made...name for themselves," he added.

Have crush on Sai Pallavi but no strength to approach her: Gulshan.
Actor Gulshan Devaiah said he has "a huge crush" on Sai Pallavi and while he has her number, he doesn't "have the strength to approach her". "[If] I get...opportunity to work with her...I'd be happy...I don't know about the rest...If it's meant to be, it'll happen...But if you get...chance to work with...good actor, that'd be good," he shared.

Video shows Star Trek cast make hologram appearance at Comic Con.
'Star Trek: Strange New Worlds' series' cast made history at Comic Con 2023 in London as they appeared via hologram during the question and answer session of the event. Melissa Navia, Rebecca Romijn and others made virtual appearances on stage from different parts of the world. The series is created by Akiva Goldsman, Alex Kurtzman and Jenny Lumet.

No one invested even ₹50 cr on me, Manoj Bajpayee or Irrfan: Nawaz.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui said actors like him, Manoj Bajpayee and Irrfan Khan were critically acclaimed but nobody invested even ₹50 crore on them. "When the same actors die, people call them...greatest...They don't give...respect they deserve when they're alive," Nawazuddin stated. He added that opportunities are created for mediocre actors as they have money and powerful friends who hype them up.

Less is more with MSD, he doesn't like talking too much: Hussey.
Talking about MS Dhoni, CSK batting coach Michael Hussey said, "Less is probably more with Dhoni...He doesn't want to think too much or talk too much. Dhoni just wants to play on his instincts." "Dhoni and I rarely discuss technique. We might discuss a little bit of strategy," added Hussey. Dhoni has scored 104 runs in IPL 2023 so far.

MSD said 'I want Rahane to show the world how he can play': Hussey.
CSK batting coach Michael Hussey said MS Dhoni deserves a lot of credit for Ajinkya Rahane's performances in IPL 2023. "Dhoni said he just wants Rahane to go out...play freely and show the world how he can play," added Hussey. "As coaches, we've really encouraged that as well," he stated. Rahane has scored 299 runs in IPL 2023 so far.

CSK didn't look like they'll be top, it is Dhoni's magic: Jaffer.
Former India opener Wasim Jaffer said CSK "did not look like a team that would have finished at the top". "In the beginning, it looked like their bowlers would struggle to make an impact outside Chennai. But...they finished second...that is MS Dhoni's magic," said Jaffer. He added that "maximum credit" should go to Dhoni as his "planning is simple".

Chahar only threat to Gill breaking Virat's IPL run record: Chopra.
Former India cricketer Aakash Chopra said CSK bowling all-rounder Deepak Chahar is the "only threat" to GT batter Shubman Gill breaking Virat Kohli's record. In 2016, Virat broke the record for the highest number of runs scored in an IPL season by hitting 973 runs in 16 matches. Shubman has, before the IPL 2023 finals, scored 851 runs this season.

GoI shames itself: Shiv Sena's Priyanka on wrestlers' detention.
Reacting to a scuffle between wrestlers and police at Delhi's Jantar Mantar after which some wrestlers were detained, Shiv Sena (UBT) MP Priyanka Chaturvedi tweeted, "Government of India (GoI) has shamed itself." "India's daughters [are] fighting for...honour...MP [Brij Bhushan Singh] keeps getting protected," she added. Wrestler Sakshi Malik's team tweeted that she is in pain after the scuffle.

BJP trampling voices of women players under their boots: Priyanka.
Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi Vadra on Sunday criticised the BJP government over the Delhi Police's action against the protesting wrestlers carrying out a march towards the newly inaugurated Parliament building. "The arrogance of the BJP government has increased so much that the government is mercilessly trampling the voices of our women players under their boots," she said.

Pandya has Midas touch to be India's white-ball captain: Vaughan.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan said all-rounder Hardik Pandya has the "Midas touch" to become "an outstanding white-ball captain". "He has got the calmness, he has got the game...You can see his body language...You need bowlers as captain," he said. Vaughan added that he's worried about Pandya's back injury but the all-rounder has the right "persona" in the middle.

Swanky Parliament can't hide shameful state of democracy: Gokhale.
Discussing the new Parliament's inauguration, TMC leader Saket Gokhale tweeted, "Female wrestlers protesting against sexual harassment by BJP MP [were] brutally manhandled by Delhi Police while PM Narendra Modi was inaugurating Parliament." "A swanky building can't hide the shameful state of democracy," he added. A scuffle broke out between wrestlers and police at Delhi's Jantar Mantar on Sunday.

Declare public health emergency over fungal outbreak: US to WHO.
The authorities in the US and Mexico have reportedly urged WHO to declare a public health emergency of international concern over a suspected fungal meningitis outbreak. This comes after patients from multiple countries, including the US, underwent cosmetic surgeries in Mexico, which may have exposed them to the fungus. Two patients have reportedly died.

GoT star among 1,500 arrested over climate protest in Netherlands.
Dutch actress Carice van Houten, who played the role of Melisandre in 'Game of Thrones', was among around 1,500 people arrested during a climate protest in the Netherlands. She was reportedly released later. The protest, called by a group called Extinction Rebellion, was against fossil fuel subsidies. The Dutch Police used water cannons to disperse the crowd.

3 killed, 5 wounded in shootout during a motorcycle rally in US.
Three people were killed and five others injured in a shootout at an annual motorcycle rally in a town in the United States' New Mexico. According to Red River Mayor Linda Calhoun, the violence occurred between two retail stores and members of motorcycle gangs. "The shooters have all been apprehended," she said.

5-yr-old who swallowed 40 gums undergoes surgery in US; pic shows blocked stomach.
A five-year-old boy underwent an emergency surgery to unblock his stomach after swallowing 40 pieces of chewing gum in US' Ohio, doctors said. He complained of pain and diarrhoea after the chewing gum clumped together in his stomach and started to block his digestive system. Doctors also released endoscopic image of the bezoar, which is a collection of indigestible material.

What have been the highest and lowest totals scored in finals in IPL history?.
SRH hold the record for scoring highest total in an IPL final. SRH put up a total of 208/7 in 2016 final and went on to win against RCB by eight runs. CSK scored 205/5 in 2011 final and beat RCB by 58 runs. CSK's 125/9 in their 23-run defeat against MI in IPL 2013 is lowest IPL final total.

Auctioneer who sold MS Dhoni in 1st-ever IPL auction shares pic of Dhoni's autograph.
Auctioneer Richard Madley, who sold MS Dhoni in first-ever IPL auction, took to Twitter to share an old picture of Dhoni's autograph he got for his son. "Selling Dhoni in...first IPL auction was a career highlight & meeting him was very special. He signed this for my son," he wrote. Madley posted the tweet ahead of CSK-GT IPL 2023 final.

What are the highest individual scores in the history of IPL finals?.
Shane Watson holds the record for the highest individual score in an IPL final. The then CSK all-rounder scored 117*(57) against SRH in IPL 2018 final. He's followed by Wriddhiman Saha, who scored 115*(55) for PBKS against KKR in IPL 2014 final. Murali Vijay's 95(52) for CSK against RCB in IPL 2011 final is third-highest score in an IPL final.

Hardik Pandya has never lost an IPL final.
Gujarat Titans captain Hardik Pandya will be featuring in his sixth IPL final tonight. Notably, Hardik has never lost an IPL final. Pandya played four IPL finals with MI, winning in 2015, 2017, 2019 and 2020. In 2022, he featured in his fifth IPL final, leading GT to title win in their maiden season.

India's Prannoy clinches Malaysia Masters 2023 to win his first-ever BWF World Tour title.
Indian badminton player HS Prannoy clinched the Malaysia Masters 2023 after winning the final against China's Weng Hong Yang. Prannoy won the match with a scoreline of 21-19, 13-21, 21-18. With this, the 30-year-old clinched his first-ever BWF World Tour title. Prannoy won a cash prize of $31,500 with his victory.

Bugatti's skyscraper in Dubai to let owners park cars up in their mansions.
Bugatti revealed the design of its first residential project, a 42-storey skyscraper in Dubai with garage-to-penthouse car lifts, allowing homeowners to park their cars in their mansions and penthouses. The project will feature amenities like a beach area, a private pool, spa, fitness centre and private valet. Each apartment will have a unique shape with access to a curved balcony.

1st day of Parliament post 1947 should've been like this: Mishra.
Following the commencement of the inauguration of the new Parliament building, BJP leader Kapil Mishra said the first day of the parliament session after independence should have been like this. "The task of converting the dreams of our brave ancestors into reality could only be done by Narendra Modi Ji," Mishra said.

Raj man drinks toilet cleaner after wife objects to drinking, dies.
A man, who was unhappy with his wife's constant nagging over his drinking habit, died after consuming toilet cleaner in Rajasthan's Bharatpur district. As per reports, the man used to drink alcohol regularly and the couple used to fight frequently because of this. Following the incident, the man was rushed to a hospital, where he was declared brought dead.

Want eyesight back: Chandigarh acid attack survivor who got 95% in Class 10.
Kafi, the 15-year-old acid attack survivor from Chandigarh, who scored 95.2% marks in her Class 10 CBSE examinations, will fly to Chennai to explore treatment options to retrieve her eyesight. "I have never travelled on a flight, and after so many years, I have this glimmer of hope that I may regain my eyesight," she said.

This is a statement of Atmanirbhar Bharat: EAM on new Parliament.
External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar termed the new Parliament's inauguration as a statement of "Atmanirbhar Bharat" on Twitter. "[It was] a privilege to witness a moment of history," he said. "Our democratic heritage, practices and values are...key aspects of our foreign policy. [I'm] confident that this new Parliament will be a vibrant forum for greater international exchanges," he added.

Everyone thought I was a number 1 bewada when I grew up: Suniel.
Actor Suniel Shetty, while talking about his image in the industry, said that everyone thought that he was a number one bewada when he grew up. "I had long hair, buttons open, I had a great physique, and everything was good...I had an attitude, but I never had a sip of alcohol in my life. I haven't smoked," he added.

Tamannaah may slap me for talking about her & Vijay, jokes Gulshan.
Gulshan Devaiah said he doesn't know if dating rumours about Vijay Varma and Tamannaah Bhatia are true. "I don't even know [Tamannaah]...she might slap me [for spreading rumours about her]," he said while talking about teasing Vijay with Tamannaah's name. Gulshan added that he was also "trolled a little" by Tamannaah's fans for talking about her personal life.

Don't think Rohit was at his tactical best this season: Manjrekar.
Discussing MI's performance in IPL 2023, commentator Sanjay Manjrekar said MI captain Rohit Sharma wasn't at his tactical best in the season. "With off-field tactics and players' selection in the first half of the tournament...you wonder why certain players played at that stage," explained Manjrekar. MI lost six of their 14 games in the league stage.

Arsenal didn't bottle PL race, we created our own frustration: Edu.
Arsenal Sporting Director Edu said they did not 'bottle' the Premier League title race, despite leading it for a record 248 days. "I think it needs a little more elaborate analysis...'bottled' is a word I wouldn't use, we created our own frustration," said Edu. He added that it is a "positive" that the team is "frustrated" finishing in second place.

I don't miss Rafael Nadal being in French Open draw: Djokovic.
Twenty two-time Grand Slam winner Novak Djokovic, on being asked about Rafael Nadal's absence from this year's French Open, said, "I don't miss him being in the draw." Djokovic added, "I don't like seeing him in the draw of Roland Garros...I haven't had so much success against him...in Roland Garros." Nadal has won the French Open a record 14 times.

Police action against protesting wrestlers condemnable: Kejriwal.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal condemned the Delhi Police's action against the protesting wrestlers, saying that such behaviour is "completely wrong". Grappler Sakshee Malikkh had earlier hailed the day as a sad one for Indian sports. Meanwhile, a senior official of the Delhi Police said, "[Protesting wrestlers] broke the barricades and didn’t follow the directions given by the police."

I couldn't give a f**k: Andy Cole on Haaland breaking his record.
Ex-Manchester United striker Andy Cole has reacted to Manchester City's Erling Haaland breaking his Premier League goal-scoring record, stating, "I couldn't give a f***. I'm being honest." Cole added, "Records are set to be broken." Haaland, with 36 goals so far this season, broke Cole and Alan Shearer's joint record of scoring 34 goals in a single Premier League season.

EVs are here to stay, with or without subsidy: Bajaj Auto's Sharma.
Bajaj Auto's Executive Director Rakesh Sharma said even though there are uncertainties in the EV market, "electrification is here to stay, with or without the subsidy". "A switch took place in India when petrol prices crossed ₹100," Sharma said, adding that customers now want "freedom" from the fluctuating fuel price and are ready to pay one-time high cost for EVs.

I only love myself day: Derek on PM inaugurating new Parliament.
TMC MP Derek O'Brien on Sunday said that PM Narendra Modi inaugurating the new Parliament building was akin to "I only love myself day". "PM you have answered zero questions in Parliament in nine years!" the TMC leader said in a tweet. TMC was among the 20 Opposition parties that boycotted the new Parliament inauguration event.

Intimacy, affection shown to Mann Ki Baat make one emotional: PM.
The intimacy and affection shown to 'Mann Ki Baat' are unprecedented and make one emotional, PM Narendra Modi said during the 101st episode of the radio show. The PM said that the 100th episode of 'Mann Ki Baat' was broadcast in different countries, in various time zones, but people still took time out to listen the episode.

Turkey votes to elect President, Erdogan faces Kilicdaroglu.
Voting to elect the President began in Turkey on Sunday. The country's longest-serving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who is contesting to extend his tenure, is facing the Opposition candidate Kemal Kilicdaroglu in a runoff. The runoff was forced after Erdogan got 49.5% support in the first round of voting on May 14, falling just short of the majority.

S Korea court issues warrant for man who opened plane door mid-air.
A South Korean court issued an arrest warrant on Sunday for a passenger who opened the emergency exit door of Asiana Airlines flight mid-air, according to a report. The court issued the warrant for him on charges of violating the Aviation Security Act. Notably, the man said he opened the door because he wanted to get off the plane quickly.

EgyptAir flight blows tyre while landing in Saudi; no casualties.
A tyre of an EgyptAir flight from Cairo burst while landing in Saudi Arabia on Sunday. Flight MS643 was landing at King Abdulaziz International Airport in the Saudi coastal city of Jeddah. The Boeing 738 made a safe landing on the runway and all passengers have disembarked the plane with no injuries reported, EgyptAir said in a statement.

Islamabad Police stole my Toyota car, says PTI leader; shares clip.
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) leader Omar Ayub Khan has alleged that Islamabad Police raided his house on Sunday without a search warrant. They "stole my parked Toyota Hilux Twin Cabin Model 2011", he claimed. He shared a footage on Twitter. "Where should I register an FIR for my stolen vehicle? Do I ask the thieves to catch the thieves?" he asked.

Good ties with China possible without being part of BRI: Italy.
During an interview, Italian PM Giorgia Meloni said that good relations with China are possible even without being part of the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) deal. Meloni said it was too early to anticipate the outcome of Italy's decision on whether to remain part of the project. Italy had signed an MoU supporting China's BRI in 2019.

UPI to account for 90% of retail digital payments by 2026-27: PwC.
UPI transactions are likely to reach 1 billion per day by 2026-27, accounting for 90% of the retail digital payments in the country, as per a PwC India report. It said UPI accounted for 75% of total transaction volume in the retail segment during 2022-23. "Innovation and inclusion are paving...way for a seamless digital economy," PwC India's Mihir Gandhi said.

Actor Mainak Banerjee, wife say they were harassed at Kolkata airport, share video.
Actor Mainak Banerjee and his wife Aishwarya allegedly faced harassment at Kolkata airport over car parking issue after the actor went to receive her. Mainak said that it took some time for his wife to load her luggage in the car at the airport, following which police stopped him and also misbehaved with his wife. He also shared a video.

High school postpones graduation as 28 out of 33 students fail in US.
A small high school in the US has postponed its graduation ceremony after only five out of its 33 senior students met the requirements to graduate. Most of the students did not meet requirements due to attendance or grades, the school said. "The decision...to postpone graduation will provide more time for students to meet necessary requirements for graduation," it added.

Influencer dies after drinking bottles of 'Chinese vodka' during live stream.
A 34-year-old social media influencer 'Sanqiange' died after live-streaming himself drinking several bottles of Baijiu or 'Chinese vodka' in China. He had taken part in an online drinking challenge against another influencer. "I don't know how much he had consumed before I tuned in...I saw him finish three bottles before starting on a fourth," the influencer's friend said.

It could be a case of one team out-batting the other: Sachin on IPL 2023 final.
Ahead of IPL 2023 final between GT and CSK, Sachin Tendulkar tweeted, "Gujarat are a formidable side and wickets of Shubman Gill, Hardik Pandya and David Miller will be key for Chennai." He added, "Chennai also bat deep with MS Dhoni coming in as low as number eight...hence it could be a case of one team out-batting the other."

CSK share pics, pay tribute to MS Dhoni ahead of his 250th IPL match.
CSK took to Twitter to share pictures of their captain MS Dhoni and paid tribute to him ahead of his 250th IPL match. CSK wrote, "My dear Thala, Everytime you stepped onto the field, you gave us butterflies." Dhoni will become the first cricketer to feature in 250 IPL matches after he takes the field in IPL 2023 final tonight.

How has prize money of IPL changed over the years?.
The IPL 2023 winners will reportedly get a prize money of ₹20 crore. The winners of IPL 2008 and 2009 editions got ₹4.8-crore prize money each. The winners of IPL editions from 2010 to 2013 got ₹10 crore each, while IPL 2014 and IPL 2015 winners got ₹15 crore each. IPL winners from 2016 to 2019 got ₹20 crore each.

Babar Azam, Rizwan to join Harvard Business School's executive education program.
Pakistan captain Babar Azam and Muhammad Rizwan will become the first cricketers to join Harvard Business School’s executive education program. The program will be held from May 31 to June 3 at Harvard Business School in Boston, Massachusetts. Several sportspersons like Kaka, Edwin van der Sar, Gerard Pique, Oliver Kahn, Dirk Nowitzki and Pau Gasol have pursued the course.

Gaikwad to get married, Jaiswal replaces him as standby for WTC final: Report.
Yashasvi Jaiswal has been included in India squad for WTC final as standby after Ruturaj Gaikwad informed BCCI that he'll be getting married in June first week, Indian Express reported. The team management asked Jaiswal to start practising with red ball and as he already holds UK visa, he'll be flying to London in a few days, the report added.

US lawyer faces court hearing after citing 6 fake cases invented by ChatGPT.
A New York-based lawyer is facing a court hearing after he used ChatGPT for legal research regarding a case. However, six cases cited by ChatGPT as part of the lawyer's research were bogus judicial decisions with bogus quotes and bogus internal citations. The lawyer had even asked ChatGPT if the cases were real, and the chatbot insisted they were real.

Let us embrace the 'Sengol': Shashi Tharoor.
On the 'Sengol' controversy, Congress' Shashi Tharoor said, "Both sides have good arguments." He said the government rightly argues that the "sceptre reflects a continuity of tradition", while the Opposition rightly argues that the Constitution "is not a kingly privilege handed down by divine right". "Let's embrace this symbol from the past to affirm values of our present," he concluded.

Varun Gandhi shares selfies with mother Maneka at new Parliament.
BJP MP Varun Gandhi shared selfies with his mother and colleague Maneka Sanjay Gandhi from the new Parliament building that was inaugurated on Sunday. "On this historic occasion of the inauguration of our new Parliamentary complex, I cheekily requested the most senior member of the current Lok Sabha for a couple of selfies together," Varun wrote in a Twitter post.

Won't accept Karnataka Dy Speaker post: Congress' Puttarangashetty.
Senior Congress leader C Puttarangashetty, whose name has been cleared for the post of Karnataka Assembly's Deputy Speaker, on Sunday refused to accept the post. "My supporters and voters have asked me not to accept it, stating that I may not be accessible for them," he added. "They don't want me to accept it, so I won't," he further said.

Those denied cabinet posts must be perseverant like me: Shivakumar.
Karnataka Deputy CM DK Shivakumar has asked dejected Congress leaders who didn't get cabinet posts to persevere like him. "I did not get any opportunity to join the cabinet during the late Dharam Singh-led Congress government and Siddaramaiah-led previous government. But I did not lose my patience," he said, adding that everyone will get opportunities.

A matter of pride & joy: Prez Murmu on Parliament inauguration.
Welcoming the new Parliament building's inauguration, President Droupadi Murmu in a message said, "It is a matter of pride and joy for all the people of India." Her message was read out by Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman Harivansh in the Parliament. The occasion will be written in golden words in the history of India, the message said.

We're free from slavery mindset: Vice President on new Parliament.
Vice President Jagdeep Dhankhar said the new Parliament is a symbol of India's freedom from the mindset of slavery, in a message read by Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman Harivansh Singh. "The complex will act as pillar to Indian traditions...The new Parliament is an example of India's development," he added. "Indian democracy has reached a milestone in developing itself," he stated.

Child survives after being run over by car in UP, video surfaces.
A video purportedly showing a child surviving after getting run over by a car in Uttar Pradesh's Gorakhpur has surfaced online. In the CCTV footage, the child is seen walking on the street alone when the car approaching from the opposite direction hits the former. Moments later, the child is purportedly seen standing up and walking again.

It's sad that people don’t see beyond Sunny's face, body: Anurag.
Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap said that it is a sad thing that people do not see beyond actress Sunny Leone's past, face and body. "Look into her eyes. There is so much more you will see in her," he added. Leone had also recently spoken about getting hate because of her past when she signed up for 'Bigg Boss'.

Had to eat s*** to be noticed as a human: Sunny on 2016 interview.
Actress Sunny Leone spoke about her infamous 2016 interview and said that the amount of backlash the interviewer received was "incredible to watch". She recalled that at that moment, she felt that she "had to eat s***" for people to notice that she was a human being. "It took me a while to snap out of it," Sunny expressed.

I take my award & keep it with Baba's 50 awards: Babil on Irrfan.
Actor Babil Khan said that if he wins an award, he takes it home and keeps it with his late actor-father Irrfan Khan's 50 awards. "[I keep it with Baba's awards]...and be humble then go to work...from next morning," he added. He was speaking at IIFA awards 2023 in Abu Dhabi. Babil was accompanied by his mother Sutapa Sikdar.

Ukraine ready to launch counter-offensive against Russia: Official.
Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council Secretary Oleksiy Danilov has said the country is ready to launch a long-expected counter-offensive against Russia, a report said. "It could happen tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, or in...week," he said. His remarks came after Russian missile strike on a clinic in Dnipro on Friday killed at least one person and injured 15 others.

GT are good, but it's hard to win back-to-back titles: Fleming.
CSK head coach Stephen Fleming, ahead of IPL 2023 final against GT, said that defending champions will find it hard to win a second consecutive IPL title. "We have a huge amount of respect for what they've done but it's...hard to go back-to-back," stated Fleming. CSK and MI are the only two teams who have won two consecutive IPL titles.

Luton Town share video of journey from non-league football to PL.
Luton Town FC shared a video of how they ended up in non-league football and made it to the Premier League after winning the championship playoffs. Luton Town defeated Coventry City on penalties to ensure they play in the Premier League for the first time. Luton was one of the founding members of the Premier League in 1992.

Aazad compares PM Modi's rule to Hitler's rule, says 'It's scary'.
Reacting to the Delhi Police's action against protesting wrestlers, Bhim Army chief Chandra Shekhar Aazad called it "scary". He said that "people had heard about Hitler’s rule, but now people are witnessing PM Modi’s rule". He added, "To what extent will Modi government stoop to save a criminal? Have some shame…The one who was supposed to be caught...is roaming free."

China deletes 1.4 mn posts in crackdown on social media accounts.
China's cyberspace regulator said it has deleted 1.4 million social media posts following a two-month probe into alleged misinformation, illegal profiteering, and impersonation of state officials, among other "pronounced problems". Some 67,000 social media accounts were also deleted as part of this "rectification" campaign, it added. The crackdown targeted apps including WeChat, Douyin and Weibo.

Have no information, will check: Tejashwi on RJD's coffin tweet.
Reacting to media's question regarding RJD's tweet comparing new Parliament building with coffin, Bihar Deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav said that he has no information about it as he has not seen the tweet yet and he will check it. Meanwhile, RJD leader Shakti Singh Yadav clarified that the coffin in RJD's tweet is a representation of democracy being buried.

Virtual events platform Airmeet lays off 30% of workforce: Report.
Bengaluru-headquartered virtual events platform Airmeet has laid off about 30% of its workforce, or at least 75 employees, Inc42 reported. The layoffs impacted multiple teams, including sales, marketing, tech and operations. Airmeet had to lay off employees as its "execution" was not yielding the desired outcomes, CEO Lalit Mangal reportedly said in an internal mail.

US man pleads not guilty in 2022 death case of 4 Indian migrants.
A Florida man, Steve Shand, has pleaded not guilty to human smuggling charges in connection with the 2022 Indian migrants death case. A family of four migrants from India was found frozen to death just steps from the Canada-US border last year. Shand is accused of illegally bringing migrants from India into US during a frigid January night in 2022.

Some moments become immortal, May 28 is such day: PM in 1st speech at new Parliament.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, during his first address in the new Parliament building inaugurated on Sunday, said, "In the development journey of every country, some moments come which become immortal. 28th May is such a day." "It is our good fortune that we have been able to restore the pride of the holy 'Sengol'," PM Modi further said.

PM Modi unveils special ₹75 coin at new Parliament inauguration.
At the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament building on Sunday, PM Narendra Modi unveiled the special commemorative coin with a denomination of ₹75. According to Finance Ministry, the ₹75 coin is circular in shape with a diameter of 44 mm and has 200 serrations along the edges. PM Modi also unveiled a special stamp.

Who have scored the most runs in finals in the history of IPL?.
Former CSK batter Suresh Raina holds the record for scoring the most runs in finals in IPL history. He scored 249 runs in eight innings in IPL finals. He is followed by Shane Watson (236 runs, four innings), Rohit Sharma (183 runs, six innings), Murali Vijay (181 runs, four innings) and MS Dhoni (180 runs, eight innings).

Sakshee shares pics of clash with police, asks 'What's our crime?'.
Wrestler Sakshee Malikkh has shared pictures of the scuffle that broke out between the protesting wrestlers and police at Delhi's Jantar Mantar today as they were moving towards the new Parliament building. "Does any government get the champions of their country treated like this? What crime have we committed?" asked Sakshee as she shared the pictures on Twitter.

I was successful until I started Nvidia: CEO whose wealth doubled to $35 bn in months.
Nvidia's CEO Jensen Huang said at a recent graduation ceremony in Taiwan, "I was successful until I started NVIDIA." Huang said he experienced "great big" failures at Nvidia, which were "humiliating and embarrassing". "Many nearly doomed us," he added. Huang, who co-founded the chip manufacturing company in 1993, has more than doubled his fortune to $35 billion this year.

PM Modi enters new Parliament amid 'Modi, Modi' chants & standing ovation.
A video showing Prime Minister Narendra Modi entering the new Parliament building on Sunday amid 'Modi, Modi' chants has surfaced online. The PM, who arrived at the new Lok Sabha for the second phase of the inauguration, also received a standing ovation. The opening ceremony began with the National Anthem.

Kejriwal posts pics after meeting Jain in hospital, calls him hero.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal met ailing AAP leader Satyendar Jain at the Lok Nayak Hospital (LNH) on Sunday. Sharing pictures of his meeting with Jain, AAP's National Convener said, "Met the brave man...the hero." Jain, who was arrested in connection with a money laundering case, was admitted to hospital after he fell in the bathroom in Tihar Jail.

Foreigners stole our pride for yrs, today India left behind that colonial mindset: PM.
Speaking during the inauguration of new Parliament, PM Narendra Modi said, "For many years, the British/foreign rule stole our pride from us. Today, India has left behind that colonial mindset." He said the new Parliament isn't just a building, but the symbol of aspiration of 140 crore Indians. "It gives a message to the world about India's determination," he added.

When India develops, the world progresses: PM in new Parliament.
PM Narendra Modi during his address in the new Parliament on Sunday said that the world progresses when India develops and that the new building will lead to the development of the world through the development of India. Moreover, he said that the building is not just a complex but a symbol of the "aspirations" of 140 crore Indians.

Your mind may get fried: Gulshan on working with Sanjay Bhansali.
Actor Gulshan Devaiah has said that one's mind may get fried with filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali's way of working if one does not have patience. "He takes his work...very seriously and is very dedicated to his work...people are also afraid of him...I would often sit with him in front of the monitor to watch his style of work," he added.

He won millions of hearts: PM on NTR's 100th birth anniversary.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi remembered late actor Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao (NTR) on the occasion of his 100th birth anniversary. He lauded the late actor for bringing alive many historical characters and said that people still remember him for the roles he played. "He created his...unique presence in politics too," Prime Minister said, adding that he won millions of hearts.

GT are a complete side, they've got every base covered: Moody.
Talking about GT ahead of their IPL 2023 final against CSK today, Tom Moody said that the Hardik Pandya-led side is "complete". Moody added, "They've got every base covered...Shubman Gill [is] firing on all cylinders...I really like their bowling now that Hardik is...clearly offering his services." GT had finished the league stage at the top of the table.

Maliwal shares clip of police detaining wrestlers, says 'Shameful'.
DCW chief Swati Maliwal shared a video on Twitter showing police action against protesting wrestlers who were marching towards the new Parliament. She said, "They are champions of the country, not terrorists! Shameful." The video shows Delhi Police trying to stop wrestlers from marching. Wrestlers Vinesh Phogat, Sakshee Malikkh and Bajrang Punia have been detained by the police.

India's daughters in pain: Sakshee on new Parliament inauguration.
Reacting to the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament, wrestler Sakshee Malikkh said that India's daughters are in pain and that their supporters are getting arrested. She said, "How can we call [India the] 'mother of democracy’ [when people are getting arrested]." Meanwhile, Delhi Police detained protesting wrestlers who were marching towards the new Parliament from Jantar Mantar.

Sakshee shares video of police removing tents, mats of wrestlers.
Wrestler Sakshee Malikkh shared a video on Twitter showing Delhi Police removing mats, tents and other items from the wrestlers' protest site at Jantar Mantar. She said, "After detaining all the wrestlers and elderly women, the police have now started dismantling our march at Jantar Mantar. Our luggage is being picked up. What hooliganism is this?"

Won't let anything disrupt new Parliament opening: Delhi Police.
Ahead of wrestlers' protest, Delhi Police Special CP Dependra Pathak has said that the police will not let anything disrupt the inauguration of the new Parliament building. This comes as a scuffle broke out between the protesters and police at Jantar Mantar, following which some protesters were detained. Police barricaded all borders of the national capital to stop any protest.

WhatsApp to soon support screen sharing on Android devices: Report.
WhatsApp is reportedly working on a feature for Android devices that allows users to screen share, similar to what one can do on video conferencing platforms like Microsoft Teams and Zoom. As per WABetaInfo, the feature's under beta testing. Users will be able to share their screens by tapping on a designated icon within the call control view, it said.

Happy I didn't participate in new Parliament's inauguration: Pawar.
NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Sunday said that he saw the new Parliament's inauguration event, adding that he is happy that he didn't attend the event. "I am worried after seeing whatever happened there. Are we taking the country backwards? Was this event for limited people only?" he added. At least 20 Opposition parties boycotted the event.

PM treating new Parliament inauguration as coronation: Rahul.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Sunday criticised PM Narendra Modi, saying that the PM is treating the inauguration of the new Parliament building as a "coronation". "Parliament is the voice of the people!" he said. This comes as at least 20 Opposition parties, including Congress, AAP, TMC, RJD, DMK and NCP boycotted the building's inauguration ceremony.

India is the mother of democracy: PM Modi in new Parliament.
During his address in the new Parliament, PM Narendra Modi said that India is not only a democratic nation but also the "mother of democracy" and the "foundation of global democracy". "For us, democracy isn't just a system, it is our 'sanskaar', idea and tradition," he added. Moreover, PM Modi said that when India develops, the world progresses.

Must take forward good principles: Om Birla on new Parliament.
Giving his first formal speech in the new Parliament, Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla said that the entire nation is witnessing this moment today. "Our Parliament has the ability to convert challenges into opportunities...I am confident that the new atmosphere in new Parliament will engender new ideas. We must take forward the good principles of our Parliamentary system," he added.

Final nail in coffin: Shehzad Poonawalla on RJD's 'coffin' tweet.
Reacting to RJD's "coffin" remark on the new Parliament, BJP spokesperson Shehzad Poonawalla called it "disgusting" and said that this will be the "final nail in the coffin" of RJD’s politics. He added, "Trikon or Tribhuj has much significance in the Indian system. By the way, the coffin is hexagonal and [is a] six-sided polygon."

Milestone: RS Dy Chairman as he thanks PM in new Parliament.
Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman Harivansh Narayan Singh has said that it's a matter of "immense happiness" that a new Parliament, which is able to meet the challenges of future, has been built in less than 2.5 years under PM Modi's leadership. Singh made the remark during his address in new Parliament. The building's inauguration is an "important milestone", he added.

Russia launches 'largest' drone attack on Ukrainian capital Kyiv.
Russia launched air strikes on Kyiv in what officials said appeared to be the largest drone attack on Kyiv since the war began. Ukraine's Air Force said it downed 52 out of the 54 Russia-launched drones, calling it a record attack with the Iranian-made 'kamikaze' drones. Notably, the attack came on May's last Sunday when the capital celebrates Kyiv Day.

China's 1st indigenous plane completes maiden commercial flight.
China's first indigenously built passenger aircraft C919 on Sunday took off on its first-ever commercial flight, flying from Shanghai to Beijing in about two hours and twenty-five minutes. The flight was carried out by state-run China Eastern Airlines and had 160 passengers on board. As per officials, this could reduce China's reliance on Boeing and Airbus.

11 people killed & 13 injured in avalanche in northern Pakistan.
At least 11 people died and another 13 were injured after an avalanche hit members of a nomadic tribe in a mountainous area in northern Pakistan, the country's disaster management agency said. The incident took place at Shounter Top Pass which is located at 4,420 meters above sea level. The bodies of the deceased have been recovered, the agency said.

JPMorgan cuts 500 jobs, mostly tech and operations roles: Report.
JPMorgan Chase cut about 500 positions this week, mostly among technology and operations groups, CNBC reported. The layoffs will reportedly also affect employees across the bank's main businesses, including consumer, commercial banking, asset and wealth management. On Thursday, it was reported that JPMorgan is laying off nearly 1,000 employees of First Republic Bank, which it acquired recently.

Tremors felt in Delhi, Punjab, Haryana & J&K as 5.2 magnitude earthquake hits Afghanistan.
Tremors were felt in Delhi, Punjab, Haryana and Jammu and Kashmir after a 5.2 magnitude earthquake struck Afghanistan on Sunday. As per the National Center for Seismology, the earthquake occurred at 11:19:55 IST at a depth of 220 km. Tremors were also felt in parts of Pakistan, according to reports.

Clash erupts between wrestlers, police at Delhi's Jantar Mantar, Sakshee Malikkh detained.
A scuffle broke out between wrestlers and police at Delhi's Jantar Mantar on Sunday, following which some protestors were detained. "We did not break any barricades. They have already detained Sakshee (Malikkh)," wrestler Bajrang Punia told PTI. The clash erupted as police tried to stop protestors from marching towards new Parliament building, where they planned to hold a 'Mahila Mahapanchayat'.

Ronaldo's 1st season in Saudi Pro League to end without title.
Cristiano Ronaldo's first season with Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia will end without a trophy as Al-Ittihad has secured the Saudi Pro League title with one game remaining in the tournament. Al-Nassr are set to finish second, with their last match scheduled on May 31. Ronaldo has 14 goals in 16 league games since joining the club in January this year.

Shoot all of us: Punia amid scuffle with police while marching to Parliament.
A scuffle broke out between protesting wrestlers and Delhi Police personnel as the protestors were moving towards the new Parliament building after allegedly breaking the security barricades. In a video, wrestler Bajrang Punia is heard saying. "Goli maar do hume (shoot all of us)." "They (police) have already detained Sakshee [Malikkh]," Punia earlier said.

RJD compares new Parliament with coffin, issues clarification after criticism.
As the new Parliament was inaugurated on Sunday, RJD shared a picture comparing the Parliament's structure with a coffin. After the party was criticised for "insulting the democracy" by BJP, RJD leader Shakti Singh Yadav clarified, "The coffin in our tweet is a representation of democracy being buried...Parliament is the temple of democracy and it's the place to have discussions."

File treason case: BJP's Sushil on RJD's Parliament, coffin tweet.
BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi has reacted to RJD's tweet in which it compared the new Parliament building's design with a coffin, saying, "A case of treason should be registered against such people." He added that this is the "greatest insult to democracy". He also questioned if RJD leaders will now resign as members of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.

Cut from my salary: Ashneer in old email to BharatPe on mistakenly using firm's card.
Ashneer Grover has shared an email he sent to BharatPe in 2018 after he mistakenly used the company card for a personal expense. "Kindly ensure you cut this amount from my salary/reimbursement account," Grover wrote in the email. He tweeted that people ask him if he ever gets scared. “Bilkul bhi nahi (not at all)...I find it comical,” he added.

Man jumps into funeral pyre of friend who died due to cancer in UP, dies.
A 40-year-old man died after he jumped into the funeral pyre of his friend on the banks of the Yamuna river in Uttar Pradesh's Firozabad, according to police. People standing there pulled him out of the pyre but he died on way to hospital. His 42-year-old friend was suffering from cancer and died on Saturday morning, the police said.

Justice Dhanuka sworn in as Bombay HC Chief Justice, to retire on May 30.
Justice Ramesh D Dhanuka was sworn in as the Chief Justice of Bombay High Court on Sunday morning. Maharashtra Governor Ramesh Bais administered the oath of office to Justice Dhanuka at the Raj Bhavan. Justice Dhanuka, who will have a three-day tenure as Chief Justice of the Bombay HC, is due to retire on May 30.

Pics allegedly show wedding of temple priests' minor daughters in TN temple.
Pictures from the alleged wedding ceremonies of the minor daughters of priests at Tamil Nadu's Chidambaram Nataraja Temple have surfaced. This comes after National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) member RG Anand claimed the girls were not subjected to child marriage. Tamil Nadu Governor RN Ravi had recently claimed that the priests' daughters were subjected to two-finger tests.

PM pays homage to Savarkar on birth anniversary at new Parliament.
PM Narendra Modi on Sunday paid homage to Veer Savarkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary inside the new Parliament building. A video of PM Modi paying floral tributes to Savarkar's portrait has surfaced online. Savarkar was born on May 28, 1883. Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla and several other Union Ministers also paid tribute to Savarkar.

Didn't like my face, used to curse myself: Sharat on fight scenes.
Actor Sharat Saxena said he used to get only fight scenes at one point in his career. "I did not like my face...I used to curse myself looking at the mirror," he added. "I knew now the hero will come, beat me up and declare himself a hero and go ahead in the movie," the 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' actor further said.

You literally saved my life: Sunny to husband after low phase.
Actress Sunny Leone took to Instagram to share a video of herself with her husband Daniel Weber after her appearance at the Cannes Film Festival. "God sent you...into my life at my lowest moment. In that moment you literally saved...my life and have been by my side since...Without you this moment in @festivaldecannes would never have happened," she wrote.

There was no other way: Ali on making 'Bloody Daddy' in 36 days.
Filmmaker Ali Abbas Zafar said there was no other way of shooting 'Bloody Daddy' than to do it in 36 days. "That film is a ride...you can only do it...if you are in it...You can't take a break on...a film like that," Zafar added. Actor Shahid Kapoor said he does not know how Zafar managed to pull off the shoot.

Putin will be 'brutal' if he loses Ukraine war: Outgoing RAF Chief.
The outgoing Royal Air Force (RAF) Chief Sir Mike Wigston has said that Russian President Vladimir Putin will be 'vindictive' and 'brutal' if Russia loses Ukraine war. He also said that Russia would continue to be an 'enduring threat' to UK. Russia could target UK through "air attack, missile attack and subsurface attack" once Ukraine restores its borders, he added.

Mahapanchayat will certainly be held today: Wrestler Bajrang Punia.
Wrestler Bajrang Punia on Sunday said that the 'Mahila Mahapanchayat' will take place today, adding that they are fighting for their self-respect. Punia further appealed police to release the farmer leaders who were detained after they tried to move towards Delhi for the 'Mahapanchayat'. Punia's statement came after Delhi Police said that they won't allow any disruption near new Parliament.

Constitution murdered during new Parliament's inauguration: Vinesh.
Reacting to the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament, wrestler Vinesh Phogat said that the country will remember how the constitution and democracy were murdered. She added, "On one hand, PM inaugurated the new building of democracy and on the other hand, people supporting us are getting arrested." Wrestler Bajrang Punia urged the police to release people who are detained.

Still not quite sure what happened: Sean Abbott on 34-ball hundred.
Australian all-rounder Sean Abbott has reacted to his 34-ball hundred while representing Surrey against Kent in a T20 Blast match, stating that he's still not quite sure what happened in the match. "Thanks for all the love and kind messages," he said. With his hundred, Abbott equalled Andrew Symonds' record for registering the fastest hundred by an Australian in T20s.

Twitter pulls out of voluntary EU disinformation code.
Elon Musk-led Twitter has pulled out of the European Union's voluntary code of practice to fight disinformation, the EU said. Announcing the development on Twitter, EU's internal market chief Thierry Breton said, "But obligations remain. You can run but you can't hide...Beyond voluntary commitments, fighting disinformation will be legal obligation under the Digital Services Act as of August 25."

PM disdains Parliament's procedure, still inaugurates it: Jairam.
On the occasion of the birth anniversary of VD Savarkar and the inauguration of the new Parliament, Congress leader Jairam Ramesh said that Savarkar’s ideological ecosystem led to the killing of Mahatma Gandhi. Criticising PM Modi, he said, "Self-glorifying authoritarian PM with utter disdain for Parliamentary procedures, who rarely attends Parliament...inaugurates the new Parliament building."

Did you compare old Parliament to 'zero': BJP leader to RJD.
Reacting to RJD's "coffin" remark on the new Parliament, BJP leader Dushyant Gautam asked if RJD compared the old Parliament to "zero". He added, "This is very unfortunate. Today [RJD] is comparing [the new Parliament] with a coffin." Earlier today, the RJD party shared a picture on Twitter comparing the new Parliament building to a coffin.

Why do they need to bring this angle: Owaisi on RJD's coffin tweet.
Reacting to RJD's tweet comparing design of the new Parliament with a coffin, AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi said that RJD has no stand. "Why are they (RJD) calling Parliament a coffin? They could have said anything else, why do they need to bring this angle?" he added. Owaisi also criticised BJP for not letting Lok Sabha Speaker do the inauguration.

May Indian democracy shine like new Parliament for yrs: Paytm CEO.
Paytm Founder and CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma took to Twitter on Sunday to share a video of the new Parliament building originally posted by PM Narendra Modi. Alongside, Sharma wrote, "New India's new Parliament...My India's pride." He added, "May Indian democracy shine like the new Parliament for years and years."

TN CM MK Stalin travels in bullet train in Japan, shares pics.
Tamil Nadu CM MK Stalin on Sunday travelled in a bullet train from Japan's Osaka to Tokyo and shared pictures of the same on his Twitter handle. Adding that the bullet train covers a distance of about 500 km in two and a half hours, he called for a railway service equivalent to a bullet train to come to India.

PM Modi pays tribute to NT Rama Rao on his 100th birth anniversary.
Addressing 101st episode of 'Mann Ki Baat' on Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi paid tribute to former Andhra Pradesh CM NT Rama Rao on his 100th birth anniversary. "NTR not only became the superstar of Telugu cinema but also won the hearts of crores of people," the PM said. PM also paid tribute to Veer Savarkar on his birth anniversary.

US man stops robbery by hugging suspect, says 'Love overcomes all'.
A man stopped a bank robbery by hugging the suspect in US. The man said he started conversation with the suspect, who told him, "There's nothing in this town for me. I...want to go to prison." The man then convinced the robber to step outside the bank and hugged him to comfort him. "Love overcomes all things," the man said.

Farmer leaders trying to join Mahila Mahapanchayat outside new Parliament detained.
Several farmers leaders, including Bhartiya Kisan Union (Charuni) leader Gurnam Singh Charuni, were detained in Haryana's Ambala while trying to move towards Delhi for the 'Mahila Mahapanchayat' outside the new Parliament building. Charuni was reportedly detained around 4.45 am. Farmer leader Rakesh Tikait said thousands of farmers from Uttar Pradesh will gather at the Ghazipur border at 10.30 am.

Who won what at IIFA 2023?.
At the IIFA 2023 held at Abu Dhabi, 'Drishyam 2' won the Best Film award while R Madhavan won the Best Director award for 'Rocketry: The Nambi Effect'. Hrithik Roshan (Vikram Vedha) and Alia Bhatt (Gangubai Kathiawadi) won the award for Best Actor and Actress. Mouni Roy (Brahmastra) and Anil Kapoor (Jug Jugg Jeeyo) won awards for best supporting actors.

Model wears 'F**k You Putin' dress at Cannes; pic goes viral.
Ukrainian model Alina Baikova wore a dress with 'F**k You Putin' written on it to the Cannes Film Festival. "I got arrested and asked to leave the carpet as The Festival doesn't want to get political...Yes, I and all my people also want to continue living our beautiful lives. But we can't," she said while sharing the pictures.

What is written in Sanskrit on trophy that IPL winners get?.
The IPL trophy has a message in Sanskrit inscribed in its middle which reads, "Yatra Pratibha Avsara Prapnotihi." The message translates to "Where talent meets opportunity." The golden coloured trophy also contains the names of the winners of the previous editions. IPL 2023 final between GT and CSK will take place in Ahmedabad today.

Naveen asks fans to report fake account in his name after 'I'm sorry Kohli sir' tweet.
LSG pacer Naveen-ul-Haq took to Instagram Stories to ask his followers to report a fake Twitter account in his name. This comes after the account posted a tweet reading, "I'm sorry Virat Kohli sir" and people mistook it for Naveen-ul-Haq. "From this fake account whoever has got messages, please report it," Naveen wrote sharing a screenshot of the fake account.

Govt shares video explaining YouTube like and subscribe scam.
The government has shared a video explaining the YouTube 'like and subscribe' scam. Scammers use WhatsApp and Telegram to carry out the fraud, where they offer a nominal amount to like YouTube videos. After showing people they have earned a certain amount of money, the scammers ask them to invest. Following this investment, the person is blocked from all platforms.

RJD compares new Parliament's design with coffin; BJP reacts.
The Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) shared a picture on Twitter comparing the new Parliament building with a coffin and wrote, "What is this?" Reacting to it, BJP's National Spokesperson Gaurav Bhatia said, "Today is a historic moment...In 2024, the people...will bury you in this coffin and will not even give you a chance to enter the temple of new democracy."

Unforgettable day: PM Modi after new Parliament's inauguration.
Soon after inaugurating the new Parliament building on Sunday, PM Narendra Modi said that today is an "unforgettable day" for people of the country. Sharing pictures from the inauguration ceremony, the PM said, "May this iconic building be a cradle of empowerment, igniting dreams and nurturing them into reality. May it propel our great nation to new heights of progress."

900 artisans spent 10 lakh hours weaving carpets for new Parliament building.
It took 900 artisans from Uttar Pradesh 10 lakh hours to weave the carpets that adorn the floors of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha in new Parliament building. More than 150 carpets were crafted for each House before stitching them into a single carpet, the company behind the project said. The carpets have a total 600 million knots, it added.

Multi-faith prayers held at new Parliament; video surfaces.
Multi-faith prayers were held during inauguration of the new Parliament building on Sunday morning. The 'Sarv-dharma' prayer ceremony was attended by PM Narendra Modi, Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla, Union Ministers and Chief Ministers of different states. Earlier, PM Modi along with Om Birla performed 'havan' outside the new Parliament building and also installed the 'Sengol' in new Parliament.

Wasn't on magazine covers, earned place: Shriya on being star kid.
Actress Shriya Pilgaonkar, daughter of actors Sachin Pilgaonkar and Supriya Pilgaonkar, has said that her journey has been "quite organic". "If I had gotten an easy pass because [of] my parents...then I would have perhaps started very young...I was not on the covers of magazines before my films were released...I have rightfully earned my place in this industry," she added.

I'm very excited: Hrithik on question about 'War 2' with Jr NTR.
Actor Hrithik Roshan has responded to a question about 'War 2' with actor Jr NTR. "I'm very excited," the 'Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon' actor said. Recently, Hrithik also wished Jr NTR on his birthday. "Happy Birthday...Wishing you a joyous day and an action-packed year ahead. Awaiting you on the yuddhabhumi (battlefield) my friend," Hrithik had written in a tweet.

Heart wants CSK to win IPL 2023, but GT have been best: Gavaskar.
Ahead of the IPL 2023 final between CSK and GT today, ex-India captain Sunil Gavaskar has said his heart wants MS Dhoni to lift the IPL trophy once again, but GT have been the best team in the tournament. "CSK have always been my second favourite team apart from the MI," added Gavaskar. The final will be played in Ahmedabad.

Urging wrestlers not to protest near new Parliament: WFI chief.
WFI chief Brij Bhushan has urged protesting wrestlers not to hold any kind of protest near the new Parliament building. He added, "The country is getting a new Parliament...and it is a matter of pride…[Protesting wrestlers] should not create hurdles and world must not get any wrong message." He also reiterated that he is ready to face a narco test.

Luke uproots Hales' stump with swinging yorker, celebration viral.
Lancashire's left-arm pacer Luke Wood bowled out Nottinghamshire opener Alex Hales by uprooting the off stump with a swinging yorker during their T20 Blast match yesterday. A video of Wood's celebration of the wicket has since gone viral on social media. In the match, Lancashire posted a total of 208/4 and then restricted Nottinghamshire to 186/5, winning by 22 runs.

Video shows Messi's record-breaking 496th European football goal.
Ligue 1 has shared the video of Lionel Messi's record-breaking 496th goal in European football in PSG's match against Strasbourg. Messi scored in the 59th minute of the game to surpass Cristiano Ronaldo's tally of 495 goals in Europe's top five leagues. Messi's goal also ensured that PSG secured the Ligue 1 title with one game remaining in the season.

Elon Musk shares quote by neo-Nazi wrongly attributed to Voltaire.
Elon Musk shared a quote supposedly from French philosopher Voltaire on Saturday to make a joke about children with leukemia. "To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize," the quote shared by Musk stated. Following this, several Twitter users pointed out that the quote was by American neo-Nazi Kevin Alfred Strom.

US is the oldest democracy not India: TMC leader to Union Minister.
TMC leader Saket Gokhale reacted to Union Minister Mansukh Mandaviya's remarks on India being the "world's oldest democracy", saying that the US is the "oldest democracy" and not India. He added, "What do you mean by new Parliament that is made in the country? Was the old Parliament building built in Britain and brought to India on a ship?"

Worked 24x7: Labourer who worked on new Parliament's construction.
Ahead of the new Parliament building's inauguration, the labourers who worked on construction of the building shared their experience and said that they worked 24x7 in two shifts. A mason from Madhya Pradesh said that he has been working 12 hours a day, earning around ₹17,000 a month. "Work is almost 99% complete…We didn't stop even during pandemic," he added.

Artist creates new Parliament's sand art in Odisha, video surfaces.
A video of international sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik creating a sand sculpture of the new Parliament building at Puri beach in Odisha has surfaced online. The sculpture depicts PM Narendra Modi, the building, the 'Sengol' and the words 'My Parliament My Pride' on it. This comes as PM Modi inaugurated the new Parliament building today.

Fire breaks out on 12th floor of building in Mumbai, 2 rescued.
A fire broke out in two flats on the 12th floor of a high-rise building in Mumbai's Breach Candy area on Saturday night, following which two people were rescued through the staircase, according to officials. Two LPG cylinders exploded on the floor which caused the fire to escalate. The blaze has been extinguished, ANI reported citing officials.

Centre didn't introduce any new tax during pandemic: FM Sitharaman.
The Centre didn't introduce any new tax during the COVID-19 pandemic and taxes have not been raised even after the pandemic, Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Saturday. "It was his (PM Narendra Modi's) advice that no new tax should be introduced in the name of COVID...we didn't charge people right from vaccines to distribution of food," Sitharaman said.

Man flies suspected drone 1 km away from UP CM's home, detained.
A man was detained after he was allegedly caught flying a suspected drone just one kilometre away from Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath's house in Lucknow, the police said on Saturday. The accused lives on the eighth floor of an apartment building at the Hazratganj intersection, according to the police. The accused was identified as Ankit Singh, ANI reported.

11-ft alligator attacks, lunges at workers in Florida, video out.
A video has surfaced online showing an 11-foot alligator attacking, snapping its jaws and lunging at trappers in US' Florida. The trappers were called to capture the alligator after a man encountered it while exercising on Thursday. The trappers captured the alligator after "quite the battle" and also advised residents to avoid swimming at night or outside posted swimming areas.

Founding member of ex-Pakistan PM Imran Khan's party quits PTI.
Imran Ismail, the former Sindh Governor and founding member of ex-Pakistan PM Imran Khan-led Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) on Saturday resigned from all the party positions. "Khan sahib I bid adieu to you and PTI," Ismail said. Over 70 lawyers and leaders from the party have parted ways with Khan’s PTI over the May 9 violence, which erupted following Khan's arrest.

Video shows UK activists running on pitch in middle of rugby final.
Two Just Stop Oil protesters disrupted the Gallagher Premiership rugby union final at Twickenham, London. A video has surfaced online showing the men bypassing stewards and running to the middle of the pitch, wearing bright orange t-shirts with the group's name visible on the front. Notably, the group is campaigning to end all new fossil fuel projects in the UK.

PM Modi inaugurates new Parliament, unveils plaque.
PM Narendra Modi unveiled the commemorative plaque to mark the inauguration of the new Parliament building and dedicated it to the nation on Sunday. PM Modi also placed the 'Sengol' inside the Parliament after performing a puja. A multi-religion prayer meet was also held at the Parliament after unveiling of the plaque.

PM Modi places 'Sengol' in new Parliament; 1st pic surfaces.
At the inauguration of the new Parliament building, PM Narendra Modi, along with Om Birla, installed the 'Sengol' on a pedestal near the Speaker's chair in the Lok Sabha. PM Modi was handed over the Sengol by Adheenam seers on Saturday. A multi-religion prayer ceremony will also be held in the new Parliament's lobby.

PM Modi performs puja at new Parliament ahead of inauguration.
Havan and puja are being held ahead of the formal inauguration of the new Parliament by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday. The ceremonial sceptre 'Sengol', which was handed over to PM Modi by the Adheenam seers who arrived from Chennai to Delhi, will be placed in the Lok Sabha in the new Parliament later.

Aam Aadmi Party dissolves its Goa unit with immediate effect.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Saturday announced its decision to dissolve its organisation in Goa with immediate effect. Amit Palekar will continue to function as the state party chief and the new organisational structure for Goa will be announced soon, the party said. AAP secured victory on two seats in the 2022 Goa Assembly polls.

Biden, Republicans reach tentative deal to raise US debt ceiling before default.
US President Joe Biden and House Republican Speaker Kevin McCarthy have reached a deal in principle to raise the government's $31.4 trillion debt ceiling. "I believe this is an agreement in principle that's worthy of the American people," McCarthy tweeted. The US deal will avert a catastrophic default which would have occurred if the ceiling wasn't raised by June 5.

Alia Bhatt & Hrithik Roshan win best actress and actor awards at IIFA 2023.
Hrithik Roshan won the award for Best Actor in a Leading Role (Male) for 'Vikram Vedha' at the International Indian Film Academy Awards (IIFA) 2023 held in Abu Dhabi. Alia Bhatt won the award for Best Actor in a Leading Role (Female) for 'Gangubai Kathiawadi'. 'Drishyam 2' won the award for Best Film.

Shah Rukh Khan tweets video of new Parliament building, says it's for a 'new India'.
Shah Rukh Khan on Saturday hailed the new Parliament building. "What a magnificent new home for...people who uphold our Constitution, represent every citizen of this great Nation and protect...diversity of her one People @narendramodi ji. A new Parliament building for...New India but with...age old dream of Glory for India," he tweeted. The video also features a narration by the actor.

Plane makes sharp turn, aborts landing at the last moment in Argentina.
A video showing a Boeing 757-200 performing a dangerously low fly pass has gone viral on social media. The video recorded at the airport in Argentina's capital Buenos Aires shows the flight missing its landing approach, flying extremely low on the runway before sharply veering left. This aircraft has been specially configured for transporting Argentina's President Alberto Fernandez.

What will happen if IPL 2023 final between CSK and GT gets washed out due to rain?.
If CSK-GT IPL 2023 final gets washed out on Sunday, play can continue on reserve day. If rain interrupts match on Monday and even a five-over match isn't possible, winners will be decided via Super Over, which can start at latest by 1.20 am. If it's also not possible, GT will be declared winners for finishing highest on league table.

Lionel Messi becomes joint-most decorated player in football history.
PSG and Argentina forward Lionel Messi has become the joint-most decorated player in the history of football. Messi achieved the feat after clinching his 43rd trophy for club and country in the form of Ligue 1 2022-23. He has equalled his former Barcelona teammate Dani Alves' record.

Messi breaks Ronaldo's goalscoring record as PSG win record-breaking 11th Ligue 1 title.
Lionel Messi scored 496th career league goal in Europe as PSG drew 1-1 with Strasbourg to clinch their record-breaking 11th Ligue 1 title. Messi overtook Cristiano Ronaldo's goalscoring record for Europe's top five leagues. PSG overtook Saint-Etienne's tally of 10 Ligue 1 titles. PSG won nine of their 11 titles since their Qatari owners QSI took charge 12 years ago.

15 cities shortlisted for hosting ODI World Cup matches in India.
As many as 15 cities have been shortlisted for hosting the ODI World Cup in India, ESPNcricinfo reported. The cities include Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Dharamsala, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Lucknow, Indore, Rajkot and Mumbai and Trivandrum. Nagpur and Pune have reportedly been also included in the shortlist.

PM Modi offers Sashtanga Dandavat Pranam in front of Sengol.
PM Narendra Modi, during the new Parliament building's inauguration ceremony on Sunday, offered Sashtanga Dandavat Pranam in front of the 'Sengol'. He placed the 'Sengol' in the new Parliament building near the Lok Sabha Speaker's chair in the Lok Sabha. PM Narendra Modi felicitated the workers who helped in the building and development of the new Parliament House.

250 people stranded in Lahaul & Spiti amid heavy snowfall rescued.
Over 250 people stranded with their light vehicles and motorbikes at Baralacha La and Himachal Pradesh's Lahaul and Spiti district following heavy snowfall have been rescued after a multi-agency nightlong operation, police said on Saturday. Patients among those stranded were provided medical aid. As many as 90 light vehicles and 30 motorbikes have already been moved.

PM Modi felicitates workers who built new Parliament building.
During the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament building, PM Narendra Modi felicitated the workers who helped build and develop the new building. The PM participated in prayers of all faiths after installing the 'Sengol'. Earlier today, he performed a puja at the premises, following which he installed the 'Sengol' in the new Lok Sabha chamber.

18-year-old murders parents and siblings in US, alleges they were going to 'eat him'.
An 18-year-old teenager was apprehended in United States' Texas, for allegedly shooting dead his own family members. Cesar Olalde claimed that he carried out the killings as he believed that his family members were "cannibals" and were going to "eat him". The victims include his parents and two siblings, one of whom was just five years old.

Irrfan and I both cried: Sutapa on watching 'Paan Singh Tomar'.
Late actor Irrfan Khan's wife Sutapa Sikdar has shared that she felt that her late husband "lived the character" in 'Paan Singh Tomar'. While recalling their reaction, she said, "I cried...and he cried because...he said this is the first time...I was acknowledging...his performance." She added that she would not call any of Irrfan's performances remarkable until she felt it.

It's embarrassing: Manoj on his daughter's broken Hindi in class.
Actor Manoj Bajpayee has admitted he is embarrassed after his daughter speaks in broken Hindi or does not speak in Hindi at all during her Hindi class in school. "She is a [total] foreigner...she gets scolded but she doesn't improve," Bajpayee added. Manoj said that his daughter's Hindi teacher tells him, "Manoj ji, what is this...she doesn't even speak Hindi".

Thanks to PM who made Tamilians proud: Rajinikanth on 'Sengol'.
Actor Rajinikanth thanked PM Narendra Modi as 'Sengol' will be installed in Parliament on Sunday. "The traditional symbol of Tamil power - the sceptre - will shine in India's new parliament building. My sincere thanks to the honourable Prime Minister Narendra Modi who made Tamilians proud," he added. PM Modi received the 'Sengol' on Saturday.

Thought my death bowling career was over: Chahar on 2019 incident.
CSK pacer Deepak Chahar has opened up about the incident when he bowled two back-to-back beamers to then PBKS batter Sarfaraz Khan in IPL 2019. "I was thinking...my career as a death-over bowler [is] over," recalled Chahar. "Dhoni came to me and said, 'You act smart as if you know everything. Why are you bowling in this manner?'" he revealed.

Bayern sack CEO & Director after 11th successive Bundesliga title.
Bayern Munich have sacked CEO Oliver Kahn and director Hasan Salihamidzic just after the team won their 11th successive Bundesliga title. Bayern managed to win the title as Dortmund drew their final-day match to Mainz 2-2, thus ensuring they were pipped to the title on goal difference. Bayern won their season's last league match against FC Koln 2-1.

US won't tolerate China's ban on Micron chips: Commerce Secretary.
The US "won't tolerate" China's effective ban on purchases of Micron Technology memory chips and is working closely with allies to address this, US Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo said. She added, "[These] target a single US company without any basis in fact...we see it as plain and simple economic coercion." As per China, Micron had failed its network security review.

Love is love, there is no jihad: Owaisi to Shinde-Fadnavis faction.
AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi criticised the Shinde-Fadnavis faction for talking about 'love jihad' in rallies. He said that "love is love, there is no jihad" in it. He added, "The Maharashtra government is talking about 'love jihad'. Where is 'love jihad'? You have a Chief Minister, ask him to bring the data and inform where 'love jihad' has taken place."

Boy dies, 50 fall sick after drinking contaminated water in K'taka.
A minor boy died and over 50 others fell sick after drinking contaminated water in a village in Karnataka's Raichur, officials said. According to villagers, people fell sick after drinking tap water as the underground pipeline that supplies water to taps burst causing drain water to get mixed. Health department officials said that 30 people are still undergoing treatment.

12-yr-old girl delivers baby boy in Punjab; was raped, she says.
A 12-year-old girl was admitted to a hospital in Punjab's Amritsar after she delivered a pre-mature baby boy. "The victim girl told us that she was raped when she used to go out in the open for defecation. She told us that she can identify the accused by face but doesn't know his name," said an NGO official.

Delhi borders shut with stone barricades ahead of Mahila Panchayat.
Police have cordoned off Delhi's borders with stone barricades to prevent farmers and women from entering the national capital for 'Mahila Panchayat', organised by the protesting wrestlers outside the new Parliament building on Sunday. Police said the protesters won't be allowed to hold the panchayat because PM Narendra Modi will be inaugurating the new Parliament building on the same day.

2 Pak soldiers killed, 19 injured as suicide bomber attacks convoy.
Two soldiers were killed and at least 19 others were critically injured when a suicide bomber attacked their convoy in northwest Pakistan on Saturday. The bomber was on explosive-laden motorcycle when he targeted the security forces' convoy in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. The entire area has been cordoned off and the country's law-enforcement agencies have launched a probe into the attack.

I went to washroom to set my hair, didn't know I'd be wearing this: Shubman on Orange Cap.
After becoming the highest run-scorer in IPL 2023 with 851 runs, Shubman Gill said, "I went to the washroom to set my hair, didn't know I'd be wearing Orange Cap." Shubman is only the second Indian after Virat Kohli to score at least 850 runs in a season. Shubman slammed 129(60) against MI in Qualifier 2 on Friday.

How much prize money will IPL 2023 winners, runners-up get?.
The winners of the IPL 2023 final between GT and CSK will get a prize money of ₹20 crore, as per reports. This season's runners-up will receive ₹13 crore. Meanwhile, MI, who were eliminated from tournament after losing Qualifier 2, will be rewarded with ₹7 crore. LSG, who lost the Eliminator to MI, will get ₹6.5 crore.

Virender Sehwag names his top 5 batters of IPL 2023.
Former India opener Virender Sehwag has named his top five batters of IPL 2023. Sehwag said he didn't pick many openers in his top-five as they get a lot of opportunities to bat. Sehwag named KKR's Rinku Singh, CSK's Shivam Dube, RR's Yashasvi Jaiswal, MI's Suryakumar Yadav and SRH's Heinrich Klaasen.

Sachin Tendulkar shares throwback pic to wish Ravi Shastri on 61st birthday.
Sachin Tendulkar took to Twitter to wish Ravi Shastri on the occasion of his 61st birthday. Sharing a throwback picture, Sachin wrote, "Wishing my friend with a lot of swag, @RaviShastriOfc, a very happy birthday! May your day be packed with laughter, fun & good times!" Responding to Sachin, Shastri wrote, "Thanks a ton, Great man. God bless."

Complaint filed against Kejriwal, Kharge over remarks on President.
A Supreme Court advocate has filed a complaint against Congress chief Mallikarjun Kharge and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, accusing them of making "inciteful statements" against President Droupadi Murmu over her caste. This comes after several Opposition leaders criticised the Centre for not inviting President Murmu to the inauguration of Parliament's new building.

Bihar BJP MLA abducts local RJD leader at gunpoint, booked.
Raju Kumar Singh, BJP MLA from Sahebganj in Bihar's Muzaffarpur, has been booked along with his five aides for abduction on a complaint by a local RJD leader. Police said the complainant claimed the MLA had abducted him at gunpoint, intending to kill him. This is the second criminal case against the legislator in less than two months.

15-yr-old gangraped by teacher & manager in UP school, died after being pushed off terrace.
After a 15-year-old student fell to her death from the terrace of her school in UP's Ayodhya, police said she was pushed after allegedly being gangraped by the school's manager Brijesh Yadav and sports teacher Abhishek Kannaujia. Police have registered a case against them and principal Rashmi Bhatia. She was reportedly called to school by the principal despite vacations.

'Sengol' handed over to PM Modi a day before new Parliament inauguration, video surfaces.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday met the Adheenam seers and took their blessings at his official residence in New Delhi, a day before the inauguration of the new Parliament building. PM Modi was presented with the ceremonial sceptre 'Sengol' which will be installed in the new Parliament. The Adheenam seers also presented a special gift to the PM.

PM's India is different in its outlook, politics and policies: EAM.
External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar, while speaking at Gujarat's Anant National University on the topic 'Modi's India: A Rising Power', said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's India is different from its predecessors in its outlook. "If you look at the politics of India and policies of the country, it is the result of the 75 years of democracy," he added.

FIR against UP teacher who asked for sexual favours from student.
An FIR has been lodged against a college teacher in Uttar Pradesh's Jaunpur, a day after a video purportedly showing him asking for sexual favours from a girl student surfaced online. The college principal said the professor denied any wrongdoing and claimed it was a doctored video. The response has been submitted to the management committee of the college.

3 drunk Rapid Action Force officials set afire meat shop in Manipur.
Three Rapid Action Force (RAF) personnel deployed in violence-hit Manipur were detained on Saturday for allegedly setting a meat shop on fire in Imphal under the influence of alcohol, police said. The three personnel were drunk after attending a birthday party. They came in a car that was driven by a civilian and set fire to the meat shop.

Akshay plays volleyball with Uttarakhand Police staff, video out.
Akshay Kumar, who is in Dehradun for the shoot of his upcoming film, was seen playing volleyball with members of the Uttarakhand Police. Several pictures and videos of the actor playing with several people on a field have surfaced online. According to reports, Akshay is shooting for a film titled 'Shankara' in Dehradun.

Had social anxiety, nobody heard my voice till 3rd grade: Alaya.
Actress Alaya F, when asked whether she has always been a social person, said that she used to have "crippling social anxiety". "Until the third grade in school no one had heard my voice," she added. "At home, I was very talkative. When I would go into social settings, I would just shut down like I couldn't talk," said Alaya.

B'wood is known for music, no one's making music these days: Ali.
Filmmaker Ali Abbas Zafar said in an interview that Bollywood is known for music but no one is making music today. The director, who has helmed films like 'Tiger Zinda Hai' and 'Sultan', added that he is "dying" to make comedy, rom-com and musical films. "The struggle is to find a new relevant story today," Ali further said.

I used to get calls from underworld, I'd abuse them back: Suniel.
Suniel Shetty, on the podcast 'The BarberShop with Shantanu', revealed that he used to get calls from the underworld in the 90s. "I used to get calls saying, 'I'll do this, I'll do that.' I used to abuse back," he added. "I'd cops telling me, 'You're crazy...they'll get upset...they could do anything.' I said, 'I'm not wrong...protect me'," said Suniel.

Hoping to get Gill's wicket early & create pressure on GT: Fleming.
CSK head coach Stephen Fleming said they are hoping to take GT batter Shubman Gill's wicket early in the IPL 2023 final. "You hope that you pick him (Gill) up early...[then] there's an opportunity to create some pressure," said Fleming. He added that there is a "little bit of nervousness" ahead of the final but "looking forward" to the match.

Verstappen pips Alonso by 0.084 sec for first-ever Monaco pole.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen will start the Monaco Grand Prix from pole position after pipping Aston Martin's Fernando Alonso by 0.084 seconds. This is Verstappen's first F1 pole position in Monaco as teammate and championship rival Sergio Perez crashed out in Q1. Ferrari's Monegasque driver Charles Leclerc will start Sunday's race in third, ahead of Alpine's Esteban Ocon.

Would drive my players to next club if they want to leave: Klopp.
Manager Jurgen Klopp said he would personally "drive" his players to another club if they wished to leave Liverpool for failing to qualify for the Champions League. "That would be something I never could understand...I am responsible for this mess, so you cannot go in these moments," said Klopp. Earlier, Mohamed Salah said he was "totally devastated" by Liverpool's failure.

Felt like Australia left something behind in 2019 Ashes: Cummins.
Australia's Test captain Pat Cummins said his side has some unfinished business to complete after the 2019 Ashes ended in a 2-2 draw. "I felt like we left something behind in 2019...I think the second and third Tests were both ours to win," said Cummins. He added that such opportunities are "rare" in England and Australia needed to "grab" them.

Video shows how Dortmund lost league title despite 2 point lead.
The Bundesliga posted a highlight video of Borussia Dortmund's 2-2 draw to Mainz, which led to the German club losing the league title to Bayern Munich. Dortmund, despite their two-point lead in the title race, needed to win their final-day match. The subsequent draw and Bayern's win against FC Koln ensured that the Bavarians won the league on goal difference.

Sunak, Pichai discuss 'striking right balance' on AI regulation.
UK PM Rishi Sunak met Google CEO Sundar Pichai to discuss "striking the right balance" between artificial intelligence (AI) regulation and innovation. They spoke about the importance of ensuring the right "guard rails" are in place to ensure tech safety. "They discussed possible opportunities for industry and...collaboration on safe and responsible AI development," Downing Street said.

Nitish jealous of PM's achievement: BJP on Parliament inauguration.
BJP's Sushil Kumar Modi on Saturday criticised Bihar CM Nitish Kumar over his statement that there was no need of a new Parliament building and said he's jealous of PM Modi's achievements. "I'm surprised by his statement. The old building is going to complete...100 years," he said. "PM Modi made it possible in two and a half years," he added.

BJP trying to replicate Manipur-like situation in WB: CM Mamata.
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Saturday alleged that the BJP was trying to replicate a Manipur-like situation in the state by causing caste-based riots. "They've threatened me in several ways," Banerjee said. "They want to create a situation wherein Adivasis will fight Kurmis so that Army can be called in and the military will have shoot-at-sight orders," she added.

'Sengol' was kept on display as a walking stick in Prayagraj: PM.
PM Narendra Modi was presented with the 'Sengol' which will be installed in the new Parliament. Speaking on the occasion, PM Modi said, "It would have been good if the holy 'Sengol' would have been given its due respect after Independence and given an honourable position. But it was kept on display as a walking stick in Prayagraj's Anand Bhawan."

B'luru-bound Nepal flight returns to Kathmandu after bird strike.
A Nepal Airlines flight bound for Bengaluru had to return to Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu after a suspected bird strike. The aircraft landed safely at the airport and was inspected by technicians. The flight departed at 1:45 pm but had to return to the same airport just 25 minutes later due to the incident, Nepal News reported.

Video shows Disneyland guests take cover as earthquake hits Tokyo.
Visitors at Disneyland Tokyo crouched to the floor as a 6.2-magnitude earthquake hit the Japanese capital on Friday. A video showing the terrified visitors taking cover was shared by The Independent. The earthquake occurred 107 km east-southeast of Tokyo with a depth of 65 km. Japan experiences an average of 1,500 to 2,000 quakes a year.

Sun Pharma offers to buy 100% stake in Taro in an all-cash deal.
Sun Pharmaceutical said on Saturday it proposed to fully acquire Israel-based Taro Pharmaceutical Industries through a reverse triangular merger. In the all-cash deal, Sun Pharma will acquire the shares at a price of $38 per ordinary share which will be payable in full at the closing of the proposed transaction. Sun Pharma currently owns a 78.48% stake in Taro.

Actress Snehal Rai reveals being married to 21 years older politician for 10 years.
Television actress Snehal Rai has revealed she has been married to politician Madhvendra Kumar Rai for 10 years. Speaking about being 21 years younger than him, Snehal told ETimes, "We never spoke about...[it]. People make a big fuss about it. We never saw the age gap between us." Snehal is set to participate in a beauty pageant for married women.

Alia Bhatt cancels trip for IIFA Awards as grandfather is in critical condition: Report.
Alia Bhatt's maternal grandfather, Narendra Razdan, is in a critical condition and has been admitted to Breach Candy Hospital due to a lung infection, as per a report. The 95-year-old has reportedly been hospitalised for some time. The report further added that Alia cancelled her scheduled foreign trip for IIFA Awards 2023 as her grandfather's lung infection has worsened.

Check facts: Athiya after reports claim KL Rahul was at a strip club in viral video.
Athiya Shetty took to Instagram to react to reports claiming KL Rahul was at a strip club in London in a viral video. Athiya wrote, "I usually choose to be silent and not react...but sometimes it's important to stand up for yourself." She added, "Rahul, I and our friends went out to...regular place, as one does...Check your facts before reporting."

They were in same U-19 team, today where is Shaw and where is Shubman Gill: Ghavri.
Ex-India pacer Karsan Ghavri has stated fortunes of Shubman Gill and Prithvi Shaw are contrasting as Gill has worked "tirelessly" on his batting, while Shaw hasn't. Ghavri said, "They were in same India Under-19 team that won World Cup...Today where is Shaw and where is Gill?" Ghavri added Shaw should learn from Gill and work on his technique and fitness.

Bayern win Bundesliga title on goal difference on final day as Dortmund held to a draw.
Bayern Munich clinched their 11th consecutive Bundesliga title after defeating FC Köln 2-1 on the final day of the season. Dortmund, who were leading the table ahead of the final day, were held to a 2-2 draw by Mainz. Bayern won the title on goal difference as both teams accumulated 71 points each in the season.

16-year-old girl preparing for NEET dies by suicide in Kota.
A 16-year-old girl who was preparing for NEET died by suicide at her uncle's house in Rajasthan's Kota, said police. According to her family members, her average performance in Class 10 board exams could be the reason behind the step, said police. This is the fifth suicide by a coaching student in Kota this month and the tenth this year.

1,000-yr-old Kerala temple lifted 6 ft with 400 screw jacks to clear waterlogging.
The Mankombu Sree Bhagavathy temple in Kerala's Alappuzha, nearly 1,000 years old, was raised around six feet off the ground using screw jacks without affecting the structure. Authorities reportedly tried this method to clear out waterlogging. An official of the engineering firm deployed for this purpose said 400 screw jacks were used to lift the temple.

Army chief arrives in violence-hit Manipur to review situation.
Chief of Army Staff General Manoj Pande arrived in violence-hit Manipur on Saturday to review the situation. He will meet Governor Anusuiya Uikey, Chief Minister N Biren Singh and Chief Security Advisor of Manipur Kuldiep Singh during the two-day visit. Several people have been killed in the violence that broke out over the demand for ST status for Meitei community.

Maybe people didn't like the hero: Apoorva on failure of 'Zanjeer'.
Apoorva Lakhia in an interview opened up about the failure of his 2013 film 'Zanjeer', which starred Ram Charan and Priyanka Chopra. "Maybe people didn't like the hero, maybe it was...wrong time to introduce a South star (in Bollywood)," Apoorva said, adding, "Now, if Ram...does a film in Hindi, he's rocking. It's unpredictable, but...main thing is to believe in yourself."

Was told 'you're seen on TV every day': Karishma on being rejected.
Actress Karishma Tanna, talking about the things she has heard from producers while being rejected for films, said, "I was told, 'You're too tall, you're seen on...TV every day, we can't take you, you are too glamorous for the role'." She added that she felt "humiliated and dejected" whenever she was rejected on the grounds of being a TV actor.

230 classic cars hidden for years by Dutchman up for auction.
A secretive Dutch car collector known as Mr Palmen is auctioning off over 230 old cars, including valuable classics. These cars, stored for decades in disused locations like a church and warehouses, encompass prestigious brands like Alfa Romeo, Lancia, Maserati, Ferrari, Facel Vega, Aston Martin, and Jaguar. Most of these cars are estimated to be sold between €25,000 and €75,000.

Ukraine requests Taurus missiles from Germany to fight Russia.
Ukraine has formally asked Germany to supply them with the long-range Taurus cruise missile in order to counter the Russian offensive. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky raised the issue with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz during his visit to Berlin in May. The Taurus missile is designed for air-to-ground attacks and has a range of 400 to 500 km.

My dream was to reach an IPL final & now I'm here: GT's Little.
Gujarat Titans pacer Joshua Little said it was his "dream" to get picked up by an IPL team and reach the tournament's final. "Now I'm here [in the final], so yeah, feelings are quite high at the moment," said Little. Talking about the second qualifier win against MI, Little said everyone in the team was "fighting for one another".

I was so chuffed when Ruturaj got to play for India: Hussey.
CSK batting coach Michael Hussey said Ruturaj Gaikwad is a fantastic player. "I was so chuffed when he got his opportunity to play for India. That gave me a great feeling inside because he has done the hard work," Hussey added. "I think the world is going to see bigger and better Ruturaj...in the future as well," he stated.

CSK fielders told to watch Dhoni for last-min changes: Badrinath.
Former CSK batter S Badrinath said captain MS Dhoni would instruct players to be disciplined on the field when defending low totals. "He only said one thing, 'Let's try and save one run each'," said Badrinath. He added that Dhoni asks players to watch him while fielding so he can instruct last-minute adjustments to move "two yards left or right".

Pujara's County form great news, his runs won't go waste: Prasad.
Ex-chief selector MSK Prasad said batter Cheteshwar Pujara's performance in the ongoing County Championship in England is "great news" for India ahead of the WTC final. "He is practising in English conditions...His strength is to occupy the crease...his runs will not go to waste," said Prasad. Pujara is the second-leading run-getter in County Championship Division Two having scored 545 runs.

India most advanced country as far as telecom is concerned: Mittal.
India, Bharti Enterprises Founder Sunil Mittal said, is the most advanced country as far as telecom is concerned. "We moved very quickly from technology shifts. India now has the fastest 5G roll-out in the world...By 2024 March India will have 5G connectivity across the country," Mittal said. India will be able to become a $5-trillion economy by 2027, he added.

China-sponsored hackers target US Navy critical infrastructure: US.
US said Chinese state-sponsored hackers targeted the critical infrastructure of the US Navy in US' Guam, home to a key military base in the Western Pacific, in a bid to upend communication lines in the event of a possible conflict in the near future. China denied the allegations and called US NSA the world's biggest hacking group.

I agree with it: Pawar on Oppn boycotting Parliament inauguration.
NCP President Sharad Pawar on Saturday defended the decision of Opposition parties to skip the inauguration of the new Parliament building. "It is obvious that the President should inaugurate the new building," Pawar said. "Since no one is being taken into confidence, senior Opposition leaders felt that we should stay away and I agree with it," he added.

New Parliament was planned when people were dying: Congress leader.
A day before the inauguration of Parliament's new building, Congress leader Mohan Kumaramangalam said that the new parliament was planned when people were looking for hospital beds and dying outside hospitals. Referring to the COVID-19 crisis, he said the building was planned when people were going to oxygen 'langars' and walking thousands of kilometres to get home.

Congress should tender apology: BJP's CR Kesavan on 'Sengol' row.
Amid the ongoing controversy over "Sengol", which is to be placed in the new Parliament building, former Union Home Minister C Rajagopalachari's great-grandson and BJP leader CR Kesavan on Saturday demanded an apology from Congress. "False narratives were woven to diminish and dilute...importance of Sengol," Kesavan said. "Now, these comments are being defeated and the truth is winning," he added.

After Kerala, notorious elephant wreaks havoc in TN; videos viral.
Rogue elephant 'Arikomban', notorious for raiding shops for rice in Kerala, strayed into Tamil Nadu's Cumbum. Several videos of the tusker roaming on the streets and causing damage have surfaced on social media. Three people were reportedly injured while trying to escape from it. CrPC Section 144 has been imposed in the area as efforts are on to capture it.

Jailed Lawrence Bishnoi sent to 4-day Delhi Police remand.
A court in Delhi on Saturday sent jailed gangster Lawrence Bishnoi to four-day police remand in connection with a case of Arms Act registered on May 24. He was brought to Delhi's Mandoli prison from a Gujarat jail on Thursday. Bishnoi was shifted to Mandoli jail and not Tihar due to the recent murder of gangster Tillu Tajpuriya there.

Govt school teacher allegedly sexually harasses 11-yr-old in Delhi.
An 11-year-old girl has alleged that she was sexually harassed by a government school teacher in Delhi's Dwarka area. In her complaint, she accused the teacher of touching her on her back and shoulder in an inappropriate way. A case under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012 has been registered, police said.

7-yr-old sets home on fire in US, stepfather arrested for abuse.
A seven-year-old US kid has been charged with arson for allegedly setting his home afire while his parents were asleep inside. The parents suffered minor burns in the incident. His stepfather has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse. Investigators believe that the stepfather was subjecting the child to abuse, which prompted him to set the house on fire.

Germany to remove over 100 of its staff working in Russia: Report.
Germany will remove over 100 government employees working in Russia after Moscow imposed limits on numbers allowed to work at German diplomatic missions in Russia, a German Foreign Ministry source said. "This limit...for the beginning of June, requires a major cut in all areas of our presence," the source said. Teachers, employees of schools and Goethe-Institut will be affected.

Am optimistic, things looking good: Biden on US debt-ceiling issue.
US President Joe Biden said he was optimistic and "things are looking good" on the debt-ceiling issue even as the Treasury Department warned that a June 5 default loomed without action. Democratic President and a Republican negotiator have been negotiating for weeks on an agreement to raise the federal government's self-imposed borrowing limit with Republicans pushing for sharp spending cuts.

Suhana Khan doesn't come with baggage of being Shah Rukh's daughter: Choreographer Bosco.
Choreographer Bosco Martis, who worked with Shah Rukh Khan's daughter Suhana on her debut film 'The Archies', said as an artist, Suhana has acquired Shah Rukh's quality of "absorbing and learning". "Her hard work, persistence and attitude towards anything that's related to work is positive. She doesn't come with the baggage that she is Shah Rukh Khan's daughter," he added.

Shubman Gill has smashed more sixes in IPL 2023 than he did in last 3 seasons combined.
GT opener Shubman Gill has slammed more sixes in IPL 2023 than he did in IPL 2022, IPL 2021 and IPL 2020 combined. Gill has smashed 33 sixes in IPL 2023 with one match left. He slammed 11 sixes in IPL 2022, 12 in IPL 2021 and nine in IPL 2020. Gill has also hit 78 fours in IPL 2023.

Jasprit Bumrah shares pic of bowling spikes, hints at return to bowling.
Fast bowler Jasprit Bumrah, who had undergone surgery on his lower back in New Zealand in March, took to Instagram to share a picture of bowling spikes, hinting at his return to bowling. He wrote, "Hello friend, we meet again." Bumrah last played competitive cricket in September last year.

We demand PM to withdraw Delhi ordinance or else we'll support Kejriwal: KCR.
Telangana CM KCR, after meeting Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday, said, "We demand the Prime Minister to withdraw the ordinance (on control of services in Delhi), or else we will all support Arvind Kejriwal ji." "This time is worse than the days of emergency, you (Centre) are not allowing a government elected by people to function," KCR added.

Would we go to get pics clicked: Mann on decision to skip NITI Aayog meet.
Defending his decision of skipping the NITI Aayog Council meeting chaired by PM Narendra Modi, Punjab CM Bhagwant Mann asked, "What would we do there? Get our pictures clicked?" "I'd even sent a letter stating that my last year's speech be accepted this time as well," Mann added. "They hold meetings but take decisions on their own," he further said.

24-year-old man eats woman's flesh after killing her in Rajasthan, arrested.
A 24-year-old man allegedly killed an elderly woman and ate her flesh in Rajasthan's Pali district following which police arrested him and admitted him to hospital, officials said. According to police, who quoted eyewitnesses, the incident happened on Friday when the woman had gone to graze her cattle. The accused, police said, seems to be a person with mental illness.

Hindu man beaten up for eating snacks with Muslim woman in Karnataka.
A Hindu youth was allegedly assaulted by a group of men after he was seen having snacks at a food outlet with a Muslim woman in Chikkaballapur, Karnataka. The woman reportedly came to his rescue and told the group attacking the youth that she knew him very well. Police officials obtained video evidence of the incident and registered an FIR.

19-year-old man arrested for beating stray dogs with sticks in UP.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested after a video showing him brutally beating two stray dogs with sticks in Uttar Pradesh's Shahjahanpur surfaced online earlier this month. The dogs were rescued and sent for medical care. The man has been sent to jail over charges of animal cruelty, police said.

True romance happens in small towns, not cities: Nawazuddin.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui talked about romance in small towns and big cities in an interview. He said "true romance" happens only in small towns as people don't judge each other. "They fall in love without even taking...bank balance of other person into consideration," he added. Nawazuddin further said "what happens in the name of romance...in big cities is compromise and adjustment".

Want my room to look like 7-star hotel: Siddharth on his new home.
Siddharth Nigam, who was recently seen in Salman Khan-starrer 'Kisi Ka Bhai Kisi Ki Jaan', spoke about his new house, which he recently bought in Mumbai. "Even though we've interior designers on board, I like to choose what I want in my house," Siddharth said, adding that he wants his room to "look like a 7-star hotel with every facility".

Abhishek is like Batman, down to earth & helping: Apoorva Lakhia.
Filmmaker Apoorva Lakhia, who worked with Abhishek Bachchan in 'Mumbai Se Aaya Mera Dost', praised the actor saying, "There's nobody like [him]." He compared him to Batman, saying he's someone who comes from an affluent family but is down to earth and wants to help people. "I always say my superhero is a human being and that's Abhishek," Apoorva said.

It's a propagandist film: Kamal Haasan on 'The Kerala Story'.
Actor-politician Kamal Haasan called 'The Kerala Story' a "propagandist film", adding that he is against such films. "It's not enough if you write 'true story' just at the bottom as a logo. It has to really be true and that is not true," he added. The film, directed by Sudipto Sen, has collected more than ₹200 crore in India.

MI will look for replacements if our bowlers aren't fit: Boucher.
Head coach Mark Boucher said Mumbai Indians will look for replacement bowlers if the current ones are not fit in time. The team's first-choice pacers Jasprit Bumrah, Jofra Archer and Jhye Richardson were mostly unavailable this season. "To open up a can of worms now, would be stupid...time to just...reflect," added Boucher after MI were eliminated from IPL 2023.

ECB share video of Abbott scoring joint 4th fastest T20 century.
The England Cricket Board shared a video of Surrey all-rounder Sean Abbott equalling the fastest-ever hundred hit in English T20 cricket. The Australian scored his century in 34 balls against Kent, the joint-fourth fastest in all T20s, as Surrey won the match by 41 runs. Abbott, who has previously never scored a T20 half-century, hit 11 sixes in his innings.

I wish I could have batted like Conway: Michael Hussey.
Chennai Super Kings batting coach Michael Hussey said he wished he could have batted like Devon Conway. "He is different level altogether," Hussey said, adding that Conway has "got this special gift of just knowing how to score runs and just finding a way to score runs in any situation". Conway has scored 625 runs in IPL 2023 so far.

Disagree: Sam Altman on Elon Musk's criticism of OpenAI.
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said he disagreed with most of Elon Musk's allegations that he was the one who came up with the name OpenAI. Musk had invested $100 million but was "betrayed" when the company turned from non-profit to profit-making in 2018. "I'll try to avoid a food fight here...There's got to be more important things," Altman said.

Boycott unfortunate: BJP as several CMs skip NITI Aayog meeting.
After several Chief Ministers boycotted the eighth Governing Council meeting of NITI Aayog, BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad on Saturday called it "unfortunate". "NITI Aayog is an important platform for the country's development and planning," he said, adding the people of the states are going to be "directly affected" by their absence. He called the boycott irresponsible and anti-people.

Ingrained part of Congress' DNA to deny truth: BJP on 'Sengol' row.
Amid the ongoing controversy over the "Sengol", which is to be placed in the new Parliament building, Union Minister Rajeev Chandrasekhar criticised the Congress. "There's an ingrained part of Congress' DNA to deny the truth...and make sure people are distracted," he said. "Facts are there for everybody to see...It's reported that Pandit Nehru took 'Sengol' from Adheenam priests," he added.

BJP is like crocodile or python, swallows those with it: Raut.
Shiv Sena (UBT) leader Sanjay Raut has said that his party distanced itself from BJP as the latter was trying to finish it. "BJP is like a crocodile or python. Whoever goes with them, they are swallowed," Raut said. This comes after Shiv Sena MP Gajanan Kirtikar complained of step-motherly treatment meted out to his party in the NDA alliance.

People barred from Parliament boycotting its inauguration: Anurag.
Union Minister Anurag Thakur criticised the Opposition parties for boycotting the inauguration of the new Parliament building. "Some people got barred from Parliament. Earlier, they used to find excuses for not allowing Parliament to function. Now, they are talking of boycott, which is also an insult," Thakur said. Notably, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi was recently disqualified from Lok Sabha.

Challenge Congress to ban RSS, Bajrang Dal in K'taka: Bommai.
BJP leader and former Karnataka CM Basavaraj Bommai on Friday challenged the Congress government in Karnataka to impose a ban on RSS and Bajrang Dal. "They're talking about banning RSS and Bajrang Dal. Whom are they telling this? Please try it," Bommai said. "It's the prerogative of the Centre, which does it after seeking the opinion of all...states," Bommai added.

Flash droughts expected to increase as climate warms: Study.
The risk of flash droughts would increase globally due to climate change, research stated. Flash droughts are characterized by sudden and unexpected onset. A study published in Nature Communications highlighted that scenarios involving higher fossil fuel usage and radiative forcing show the highest risk of flash drought. Flash drought hotspots exist over India, Brazil and Sahel, among others.

NASA combines data from James Webb & Chandra, releases 4 new pics.
NASA has unveiled four images by adding the data from the Chandra X-ray Observatory and the James Webb Space Telescope. These images were formed by combining infrared data from the Webb telescope with X-ray data from Chandra. The released images showcase the Eagle Nebula, Messier 74 spiral galaxy, NGC 346 star cluster, and NGC 1672 spiral galaxy.

Indian-origin man jailed for throwing cage at girlfriend in S'pore.
An Indian-origin Singaporean man was sentenced to one month in jail for assaulting his live-in girlfriend during a dispute over their pet dog's care. The argument escalated into violence when Vicnesvaran Jagadisan, aged 42, became angry and hurled a 1 kg metal birdcage at his girlfriend. She reported the incident to the police.

Noida's first dog park to open on June 1: Officials.
The Noida Authority announced on Friday that the city's first dog park will open on June 1 to tackle the dog menace plaguing the city, officials said. "We've successfully completed this project with all departments, including electrical, engineering, and horticulture, working diligently," an official of Noida Authority said. The project was initially scheduled for completion by the end of 2022.

Trees uprooted, power supply hit as heavy rains lash Delhi.
Trees were uprooted and power supply was affected in parts of Delhi after heavy rains and thunderstorm lashed the city on Saturday morning. The areas where power supply was hit include Fatehpur Beri, Sainik Farms, Chattarpur, Mundka, Najafgarh, Dwarka, Mahipalpur, Suraj Mal Vihar, Baljeet Nagar and Dilshad Garden. The national capital also witnessed waterlogging.

Actor Sudhakar reacts to fake news about his death, says 'I'm absolutely fine'.
Actor G Sudhakar, who has predominantly worked in Telugu cinema over the last two decades, has reacted to rumours about his death. Releasing a video message, he has urged people not to believe the fake news about his ill health and death. "Namaste...I'm very happy and doing absolutely fine," he said, asking people not to spread such rumours.

Billionaire surprises 2,500 students with $1,000 cash each at US graduation.
Billionaire Robert Hale surprised 2,500 students of University of Massachusetts, Boston, at their graduation ceremony after he announced that he will be giving them $1,000 each in cash. The students received two envelopes containing $500 each. Hale told the students to keep one envelope for themselves and to gift the other to someone "who could use it more than you".

Sean Abbott smashes joint-fastest hundred by an Australian in T20 cricket history.
Australian all-rounder Sean Abbott has equalled the record for registering the fastest hundred by an Australian in T20 cricket history. The 31-year-old slammed a 34-ball hundred while representing Surrey against Kent in a T20 Blast match in England. He equalled late Australian cricketer Andrew Symonds' record. Symonds had slammed a 34-ball hundred for Kent against Middlesex in 2004.

Kejriwal meets T'gana CM, seeks support against Centre's ordinance.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday met Telangana CM K Chandrashekar Rao in Hyderabad and sought support of Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) against the Centre's ordinance on the Delhi services matter. Arvind Kejriwal was accompanied by Punjab CM Bhagwant Mann and other AAP leaders. "PM Modi must withdraw the ordinance...this time is worse than the days of emergency," KCR said.

Shiv Sena local leader stabbed to death with knives in Maharashtra.
A leader of the Eknath Shinde-led Shiv Sena was stabbed to death with knives and choppers by a group of about six people over old enmity in Maharashtra's Thane district on Friday night. The victim, Shabbir Shaikh, was appointed as Sena's Ulhasnagar township president four months ago. The attackers had covered their faces with handkerchiefs.

M&M among top 25 automakers as profit crosses ₹10,000 cr in FY23.
Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) is now among the top 25 automakers in the world with its highest-ever net profit of ₹10,282 crore in FY23. M&M currently occupies 22nd rank in profit, placed between Japan's Yamaha Motor and Mitsubishi Motors Corporation, Bloomberg data showed. Except for Tata Motors, no other Indian automaker had ever posted an over ₹10,000 crore net profit.

Rare Sun halo spotted in Delhi, pics surface.
A bright 'halo' around the Sun was spotted in the skies today across Delhi. Pictures of the phenomenon, which is also known as the 22-degree circular halo, were shared by locals on social media. The optical phenomenon, which looks like a rainbow-coloured ring, occurs when the Sun's rays get deflected/refracted through the hexagonal ice crystals present in cirrus clouds.

Video allegedly shows Ghaziabad restaurant employee spitting in food packet.
An employee of a restaurant in Uttar Pradesh's Ghaziabad has been accused of spitting in a food packet. Some members of Hindu Yuva Vahini have lodged a formal complaint in this connection. As per reports, police have registered a case based on an alleged video of the incident and taken the suspect seen in the video into custody.

Female tourist seen naked in video from temple in Bali sent for mental health treatment.
A German tourist who was arrested after stripping naked at a Hindu temple in Bali has been sent for mental health treatment by Indonesian officials, reported South China Morning Post. She allegedly got into an argument with staff members and then forcefully entered the outdoor arena, where she undressed. The temple also organised a ritual to purify the sacred space.

Told H'wood makers I don't want to play sidekick anymore: Priyanka.
Priyanka Chopra, in an interview, said she has told Hollywood producers that she doesn't want to play "a sidekick anymore". "I didn't want to be one of the checks in the box that says we've made our cast diverse...we've an Indian, an Asian," she added. Priyanka said, "So I've...clearly told producers, 'Don't put me in stereotypical parts.'"

Want to wear flip flops on red carpet like Jennifer Lawrence: Aditi.
Aditi Rao Hydari has reacted to Hollywood actress Jennifer Lawrence walking the Cannes Film Festival in flip flops. "Seeing Jennifer...do that made my heart happy. I want [to] do it, too!" she said. Aditi recalled that in 2012 she attended several events in heels and wobbled and had decided to "walk the red carpet in sneakers or flip flops" someday.

I didn't want to experiment when Surya was batting: GT's Mohit.
GT pacer Mohit Sharma, who dismissed Suryakumar Yadav in their Qualifier 2 win against MI, said he had decided he wouldn't experiment with deliveries when Suryakumar was batting. "We were okay being hit for six sixes off length balls as that's more difficult," explained Mohit. "It looked like game will slip when Surya and Tilak Varma got going," he added.

Rashid Khan is the man I rely on during a tough situation: Pandya.
Gujarat Titans captain Hardik Pandya revealed that all-rounder Rashid Khan is his most trusted teammate during a challenging situation. "When things are not going the way I like, he…comes in and changes the momentum," said Pandya. He added that batter Shubman Gill’s "clarity and confidence" is "amazing" and the 23-year-old "will be a superstar in international and franchise cricket".

Kambli had even better start, question is can Gill continue: Kapil.
India's 1983 World Cup-winning captain Kapil Dev has said IPL 2023's leading run-scorer Shubman Gill needs to perform consistently in order to be considered next in line after players like Sunil Gavaskar, Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli. "Vinod Kambli...probably had an even better start to his international career. So, biggest question is...will Gill be able to handle himself?" added Kapil.

Shareholders call for assessing Meta's 'political biases' in India.
A group of Meta shareholders are seeking assessment of potential political biases in the company's activities in India. Meta's "lack of transparency concerning India presents a clear and present danger to the company's reputation, operations and investors", their resolution read. Meta's board has recommended to other shareholders that they vote against the resolution.

Manmohan answered 85 questions in Parliament, Modi only 7: Gokhale.
TMC leader Saket Gokhale criticised PM Narendra Modi over the planned inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament, saying that in the last nine years, PM Modi answered only seven questions in the Parliament, however, former PM Manmohan Singh answered 85 questions in his 10-year-long tenure. He added, "BJP has the audacity…[to] claim Modi has a divine right to inaugurate...new Parliament."

Why shouldn't Prez attend Parliament inauguration: Haasan to PM.
Actor-politician Kamal Haasan criticised PM Narendra Modi for not inviting President Droupadi Murmu to the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament and said that the country's pride has become politically divisive. He added, "I ask my PM...please tell the country why the President of India should not attend the inauguration of our new Parliament? I see no reason."

Bengaluru woman loses ₹4.5 lakh to her Tinder lover.
A fraudster who claimed to be from London allegedly cheated a Bengaluru woman of ₹4.5 lakh. The woman had met fraudster on the Tinder app and fell in love with him. He tricked the woman and claimed to be caught at the Delhi airport. Later, a fake airport official called her to demand money in order to leave the man.

Bar manager molests singer, punches her in face in Maha; booked.
A bar manager has been booked for allegedly molesting and assaulting a singer in Navi Mumbai. The 27-year-old singer alleged that the manager abused her, punched her in the face, injuring her eyes, and drove her away from the bar. The fight between the manager and the singer was over the stoppage of songs, said a police official.

Ahead of monsoons, BMC releases list of 226 dilapidated buildings.
Ahead of the monsoon season, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) released a list of 226 dilapidated buildings in a "very dangerous" condition and urged the occupants to vacate the premises. These buildings have been categorised by the BMC as C-1, which means they're unfit for habitation. BMC shouldn't be held responsible if any accident occurs, it said in a statement.

Man hiding gold worth ₹42 lakh in rectum caught at Hyd airport.
Customs officials at Hyderabad's Rajiv Gandhi International Airport caught a male passenger who was smuggling 685.7 grams of gold worth over ₹42 lakh. He was trying to smuggle gold in the form of a paste and had concealed it in his rectum, customs officials said. On Tuesday, gold worth over ₹1 crore was seized from three flyers.

Nepal starts exporting electricity to India as generation surges.
Nepal started exporting electricity to India on Saturday as hydroelectricity generation from run-of-the-river projects increased with the onset of the monsoon in the country. Nepal had in 2022 exported hydroelectricity to India from June to November. With the onset of monsoons, hydropower plants in Nepal have been producing excess electricity from the elevated water levels in the Himalayan rivers.

Video shows killer whales attacking boat in Spain.
A video showing a group of killer whales attacking a sailing boat off the coast of southern Spain has surfaced online. The orca whales reportedly broke the rudder and pierced the hull after ramming into the boat. Authorities said the boat had to be towed to port after a helicopter and fast response boat came to its rescue.

Introspect: Russia to US on nuclear weapons' deployment in Belarus.
Russia's embassy in the US has released a statement after US President Joe Biden criticised Russia over its plan to deploy tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus. Russia said US had for decades deployed just such nuclear weapons in Europe, adding that "before blaming others, US could use some introspection". "It's [Russia and Belarus' sovereign right]...to ensure their security," it added.

Jamie Dimon never met or communicated with Epstein: JPMorgan.
JPMorgan Chase said that CEO Jamie Dimon said in a deposition he'd never met or communicated with late sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Epstein was a JPMorgan client from 2000 to 2013, remaining so after pleading guilty in 2008 to a prostitution charge. JPMorgan is defending charges accusing it of aiding in Epstein's sex trafficking by keeping him as a client.

Indian carrier of Russian oil loses certification of 21 vessels.
Maritime services company Lloyd's Register has told India's Gatik Ship Management, which has become a major carrier of Russian oil since the Ukraine war, that it will withdraw certification of 21 of its vessels by June 3. "Lloyd's Register is committed to facilitating compliance with sanctions regulations on the trading of Russian oil," it said in an email to Reuters.

₹2,000-note removal not demonetisation, but a management move: RBI.
The RBI told the Delhi High Court that its recent decision to withdraw ₹2,000 banknotes from circulation is only a "currency management exercise" and not demonetisation. The central bank was responding to a PIL saying that the decision was beyond the jurisdiction of the RBI. It was an economic policy decision, the RBI said.

K'taka CM keeps finance, Shivakumar gets irrigation: Reports.
Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah will reportedly head departments including Finance and Cabinet Affairs while Deputy CM DK Shivakumar will head Irrigation and Bengaluru Development departments. Reports citing a draft list of portfolios said the Home department has been allocated to G Parameshwara. Health and Family Welfare will be handled by Dinesh Gundu Rao, the reports added.

Teacher chops hair of 30 students as punishment at Assam school.
A teacher in a school in Assam's Majuli district allegedly chopped off the hair of more than 30 students during the morning assembly, police said. Authorities have called it a "method of teaching them discipline" as keeping long hair is not allowed as per the school's guidelines. Deputy Commissioner Cauvery B Sharma has ordered an inquiry into the incident.

Lightning strikes kill 12 people in 2 days across Jharkhand.
Twelve people were killed due to lightning strikes in different parts of Jharkhand over the past two days, an official said. Several trees and electricity poles were uprooted in many parts following gusty winds and rains. A state Disaster Management Department official said respective districts have been asked to verify the casualties for payment of compensation to the victims' families.

Rajesh Khanna played dirty, asked if I was pregnant with Vinod Mehra's child: Moushumi.
Veteran actor Moushumi Chatterjee has revealed that late actor Rajesh Khanna once questioned if the father of her child was her husband Jayanta Mukherjee, or actor Vinod Mehra. Moushumi said, "I gave him back. I asked him, 'Is it Rishi Kapoor’s child or yours?'" "Rajesh Khanna played dirty many times," she further said.

Suryakumar Yadav ends IPL 2023 as his statistically best IPL season ever.
MI batter Suryakumar Yadav ended his IPL 2023 campaign as statistically his best IPL season ever, scoring 605 runs. He posted his best strike-rate in an IPL season (181.14). He scored five fifties, the most by him in an IPL season. Suryakumar is only the second MI batter after Sachin Tendulkar to score at least 600 runs in a season.

Wanted to propose to Jaya after IPL 2021 final, Dhoni said 'Do it before playoffs': Chahar.
CSK pacer Deepak Chahar revealed, in a recent interview, that he wanted to propose to his wife Jaya after IPL 2021 final. Chahar, who proposed to Jaya after CSK's league stage match against PBKS on October 7, 2021, said that MS Dhoni told him to do it before playoffs so that he focuses more on his game in playoffs.

Heavy rainfall predicted in 12 states; list released.
The IMD has predicted heavy rainfall in isolated pockets of Haryana, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tamil Nadu on May 27. It further predicted heavy rainfall in northwest UP on May 27-28, Kerala from May 27-29 and Karnataka on May 29. Squally winds are likely in Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, UP and Rajasthan on May 27.

Donald Trump's son accidentally calls him 'mortician', video viral.
In an apparent goof-up, Donald Trump Jr accidentally called his father and ex-US President Donald Trump a "mortician" while he was slamming Republican rival Ron DeSantis. "Trump has...charisma of a mortician," Trump Jr said on his online show. "This was Donald Trump Jr for once in his life telling the truth," a Twitter user wrote in reaction to the video.

12-yr-old boy graduates with 5 degrees from college in US.
A 12-year-old boy has graduated with five degrees from US' Fullerton College. Clovis Hung earned Associate of Arts degrees in History, Social Sciences, Social Behavior and Self-Development, Arts and Human Expression, and Science and Mathematics. He was just nine years old when he enrolled at Fullerton College after being inspired by Jack Rico, who earned four degrees aged 13.

Which are the most profitable Indian companies of FY23?.
Reliance Industries continued to be India's most profitable company in FY23, with ₹66,702 crore profit. This is the ninth consecutive year that Reliance claimed the top spot, as per BQ Prime. SBI and HDFC Bank ranked second and third with ₹55,648 crore and ₹45,997 crore profit, respectively. TCS, ICICI Bank, Coal India and HDFC were among the most profitable companies.

My days to get married are over: Salman to fan who proposed him.
In a viral video from IIFA 2023, a journalist told Salman Khan that she is in love with him. Salman responded, saying, "Are you talking about Shah Rukh Khan?" The woman said, "No, I'm talking about Salman Khan...Will you marry me?" To this, Salman responded, "My days of getting married are over. You should have met me 20 years ago."

Will chase movies & visuals I can't forget 20 years later: Shahid.
Shahid Kapoor said that he will always chase great characters, movies and visuals that he can't forget 20 years later "because they were just so brilliant regardless of where the technology is". "That's what truly cinema is for me...And I want good films to be commercially successful," he added. On the work front, Shahid will next star in 'Bloody Daddy'.

RIP my Gundi: Vaibhavi's fiancé pens note after actress' demise.
The fiancé of Vaibhavi Upadhyaya, Jay Gandhi, penned a note on Instagram mourning the demise of the actress. He wrote, "I only miss you every minute of every day. You will never truly be gone, I will hold you safe in my heart forever. Gone too soon. RIP my Gundi, I love you." Vaibhavi passed away after a car accident.

Gill's work ethic makes him one of the best right now: Shankar.
Gujarat Titans all-rounder Vijay Shankar said batter Shubman Gill's "amazing work ethic" is the reason "he is one of the best cricketers right now". "He is hitting those sixes like he's batting in Test cricket...so lovely to see him switch on from ball one," said Shankar. He added that Gill's "biggest strength" is six-hitting and finding "gaps in the powerplay".

Russia to build nuclear plant in NATO nation Hungary, EU gives nod.
European Commission has given its approval to NATO nation Hungary to amend its contract with Russia to build new reactors at its Paks nuclear power plant, Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said. Hungary signed an agreement with Rosatom to build two reactors at Paks. Notably, Nuclear power isn't covered by European Union sanctions against Russia imposed over its war in Ukraine.

I asked for 100%, people gave 200%, it was fantastic: Hardik.
GT have shared a video of their dressing room celebrations following their 62-run win against MI in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 yesterday. In the video, their mentor Gary Kirsten called Shubman Gill's 129(60) as "probably the best T20 knock" he had ever seen. GT captain Hardik Pandya said, "I asked for 100% and people gave 200%, that was fantastic."

Law to protect women being misused: Bhushan on wrestlers' protest.
WFI chief Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh, who has been accused of sexual harassment by wrestlers, said that the "law to protect women and girls" is being misused. Without naming the law, the BJP MP, who has been booked under POCSO Act, said that girls were not being employed in the private sector as people feared misuse of the law.

Video listing achievements of Nehru as PM shared by Congress.
On the death anniversary of India's first PM Jawaharlal Nehru, Congress shared a video listing his achievements. Nehru fought the Britishers and spent 10 years in jail, the video said. "He took the country's reins at a time when not even a needle was manufactured in India…He gave us the dream of a modern India," it stated.

Kejriwal should realise his mistake: Congress on ordinance issue.
Amid the controversy over the Centre's ordinance on the Delhi services matter, Delhi Congress president Anil Chaudhary criticised Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal. "When all opposition parties were together, he [Arvind Kejriwal] kept praising BJP," Chaudhary said, adding he should realise his mistake. "Congress high command will take a decision on whether they will meet Arvind Kejriwal or not," he added.

US Ambassador visits Hyd's Charminar, enjoys tea; pictures surface.
Eric Garcetti, the US Ambassador to India, on Saturday visited Charminar in Hyderabad and tried out the famous Irani chai. "From its 500-year history to its beautiful views of the Old City, it's a breathtaking testament to this historic city," Garcetti tweeted. "Oh yes, and the chai was great too!" he tweeted, along with pictures of him enjoying the tea.

Latest pics of Ram Mandir construction in Ayodhya released.
The General Secretary of Shri Ram Janmbhoomi Teerth Kshetra Trust Champat Rai has released the latest pictures showing the construction of the Ram Mandir in Uttar Pradesh's Ayodhya. The pictures show that the roofing work of the temple is near completion. The idol of Ram Lalla will reportedly be installed in the temple's sanctum sanctorum on Makar Sankranti in 2024.

16 injured in blast in Afghanistan's Baghlan province.
At least 16 people were injured after a heavy explosion took place in the city of Pole-Khomri, located in Afghanistan's Baghlan province, on Saturday. The injured individuals were taken to a nearby hospital. No individual or group has claimed responsibility for the incident, Afghan publication Khaama Press reported. Taliban has also not commented on the blast yet, the report stated.

Indonesian rebels threaten to shoot NZ hostage if denied talks.
Rebels in Indonesia's Papua region threatened to shoot a kidnapped New Zealand pilot if countries don't comply with their demand to start independence talks within two months. Guerrilla fighters, who want to free Papua from Indonesia, abducted Phillip Mehrtens after he landed a commercial plane in Nduga region. New Zealand said it's doing everything it can for Mehrtens' safe release.

UK man shot, wife dies of starvation after being left in Sudan.
An 85-year-old UK man was shot by snipers and his wife died of starvation after they were left behind in war-torn Sudan, reports said. He and his wife were reportedly not evacuated despite living opposite to the British embassy building in Sudan. Notably, Sudan is witnessing fierce fighting following a power struggle between the regular army and a paramilitary force.

Russia offers floating nuclear plants tech to friendly nations.
Amid the Ukraine conflict, Russia's state-owned nuclear energy company Rosatom plans to offer its floating nuclear power plant (FNPP) technology to friendly nations. The FNPP, named 'Akademik Lomonosov', is designed and operated by Rosatom in Pevek, the northernmost city in Russia's Chukotka region. This technology aims to provide uninterrupted power supply to remote areas.

Baseless: PTI on claim that cocaine found in Imran's medical test.
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) termed Pakistan Health Minister Abdul Qadir Patel's claim that traces of alcohol and cocaine consumption have been found in ex-Pakistan PM Imran Khan's body as "baseless". "His...baseless accusations will be dealt with under other laws including defamation," Khan's party PTI tweeted. Patel had claimed that Khan was in intoxicated state when he was arrested on May 9.

Hundreds of German civil servants forced to leave Russia: Reports.
Hundreds of German civil servants in the education and culture sectors would have to leave Russia following a request from Moscow, AFP reported. The Russian authorities have mandated Germany to reduce its diplomatic staff at public institutions, including Goethe Institute and German school, by early June. The move aims to slash Germany's presence in these organisations.

DU may remove poet Allama Iqbal, who wrote 'Saare Jahan Se Achha', from syllabus.
The Academic Council of Delhi University has passed a motion to remove a chapter on Pakistan's national poet Allama Iqbal, who wrote 'Saare Jahan Se Achha', from the political science syllabus. The chapter titled 'Modern Indian Political Thought' is part of BA's sixth-semester paper, officials said. The matter will now be presented before Executive Council of the university.

How did Rohit Sharma perform in IPL 2023 as compared to other seasons?.
MI captain Rohit Sharma scored 332 runs in IPL 2023, his joint-third lowest tally of runs in an IPL season. He had a batting average of 20.75, which is the second-lowest average for him in any IPL season. Further, he had a strike-rate of 132.80 in IPL 2023, the best strike-rate for him since IPL 2018.

Ricky Ponting names his Australia playing XI for WTC final against India.
Ex-Australia captain Ricky Ponting has named his Australia playing XI for the World Test Championship (WTC) final against India. He named David Warner and Usman Khawaja as openers, followed by Marnus Labuschagne, Steve Smith, Travis Head, Cameron Green and Alex Carey. He named Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins, Nathan Lyon and Scott Boland as the four regular bowlers for the final.

Twitter Spaces team down to 'roughly 3' employees from 100: Report.
Twitter Spaces team is down to "roughly three" employees from as many as 100, a report revealed. For months now, the Spaces team has been operating without most of the "institutional knowledge it accumulated since Twitter added live audio conversations in 2021", Platformer reported. This comes amid the technical "fiasco" during Ron DeSantis' US presidential election bid on the platform.

BGMI to be released on May 29, Android users can download from Sat.
Both Android and iOS users can start playing Battlegrounds Mobile India (BGMI) after it is relaunched in India on May 29. "Starting today, May 27, Android users can now begin preloading...from the Google Play Store...Although the game can be played starting from May 29...As for iOS users, you can download and start playing the game on May 29," Krafton stated.

Woman loses ₹90,000 in 'buy 1 thali, get another free' scam in Delhi.
A Delhi woman lost ₹90,000 after she was lured by a 'buy one thali, get another free' offer. According to the FIR, fraudsters asked her to download an app to avail the offer and shared a user ID and password. The woman's phone was hacked as soon as she registered on the app and ₹90,000 was deducted from her account.

Sextortion rackets run through LGBTQ dating app busted in Delhi.
Four people have been arrested for allegedly running two sextortion rackets through an LGBTQ dating app in Delhi. The accused used to create fake profiles on 'Grindr' to get in touch with the victims and then call them to certain locations to meet. They then lured the victims to get involved in sexual activities and made videos to blackmail them.

15-year-old girl falls to death from school building in UP, CCTV footage surfaces.
A Class 10 student died under mysterious circumstances after she allegedly fell from the terrace of Sunbeam School in Uttar Pradesh's Ayodhya on Friday. The parents of the 15-year-old claimed that she was being called to school despite summer vacations. They reportedly got a call from the school authorities, informing them that their daughter had fallen from a swing.

Snake found in mid-day meal at Bihar school, several children hospitalised.
A snake was found in the mid-day meal served to around 150 children at a government school in Bihar's Araria on Saturday. Dozens of children fell sick after eating the food and were admitted to a hospital in Forbesganj for treatment. Senior officers including the SDM, the SDO and the DSP reached the spot to take stock of the situation.

Truck with illegally-mined sand tries to hit Maha Collector's car.
A truck carrying illegally-mined sand allegedly attempted to hit the car of District Collector in Maharashtra's Beed when she asked the driver to stop. The officer continued chasing the truck, but its driver suddenly unloaded the sand on an internal road and her car got stuck in it. The driver has been arrested on the charges of attempt to murder.

Giant who helped create free India: Tharoor on video about Nehru.
Remembering India's first PM Jawaharlal Nehru on his death anniversary, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor called him "the giant who helped create the free India we all live in today". He shared an old video in which he had narrated various achievements of Nehru. "The Nehru government had to build India's industrial base almost from scratch," Tharoor said in the video.

2-yr-old jailed for life in North Korea in 2009 after parents caught with Bible: US report.
A two-year-old was sentenced to life after the child's parents were found in possession of a Bible in North Korea, according to State Department's International Religious Freedom Report for 2022. The kid was jailed along with family in 2009. The report estimates that as many as 70,000 Christians are imprisoned in North Korea, along with people from other faiths.

Silence is the best response: Trader PR Sundar after settling with SEBI for ₹6.5 cr.
Trader PR Sundar tweeted, "Keeping silence, at least for some time, is the best response," after settling an investment advisory case with the SEBI for ₹6.5 crore. "People who believe you, need no explanation. People who do not believe you, no amount of explanation will help," the tweet said. Sundar was providing investment advisory services without requisite registration, SEBI said.

Planning to leave Mumbai as it makes life feel like struggle: Kirti.
Actress Kirti Kulhari said she is planning to move out of Mumbai in a few years. "Mumbai is beautiful, but this city makes life feel like a struggle," she said. When asked if she is quitting acting, Kirti said, "I don't have to quit one thing to have something else. I'm very much going to be acting and producing films."

Vikram Bhatt's daughter Krishna to marry Vedant Sarda on June 11.
Director Krishna Bhatt, daughter of filmmaker Vikram Bhatt, is set to tie the knot with Vedant Sarda on June 11. Confirming the news, the director said, "I'm excited about starting a new journey...The preparations are in full swing." The wedding ceremony will reportedly be an intimate affair with selected friends and family in attendance.

It'd be dream come true to work with Sanjay Leela Bhansali: Sonam.
Actress Sonam Bajwa, in an interview, said that she wants to work with filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali. "The way he has such strong stories for women...characters is amazing. It would be a dream come true," she added. When asked about an actor, Sonam said, "Ranveer Singh...I would really like to see his energy on a film set."

We are told to wait for male actor: Adah on discrimination on sets.
In a recent interview, actress Adah Sharma talked about experiencing gender discrimination on film sets. Adah stated that she doesn't like to work in environment where female actors are called on set first and made to wait for their male counterparts. "I find it very strange," she said. "If your director is nice...everything goes very well," Adah added.

Shubman is making his tons look like 'It's just breakfast': Hardik.
GT captain Hardik Pandya, during a post-match interaction with Shubman Gill, said that the latter's 129(60) against MI yesterday was one of the finest innings he had ever seen. "Shubman is making a habit of scoring 100 and he's making it look like it's just breakfast for him," added Hardik. Shubman is now the leading run-scorer in the tournament.

Opposing Parliament inauguration means disrespecting India: Ramdev.
Reacting to the opposition to the new Parliament building, yoga guru Baba Ramdev said that PM Modi inaugurating the new building is a historic moment and that opposing the inaugural ceremony is like disrespecting the country. He added, "Opposition parties should reconsider their decision [to boycott]. I believe our wrestlers will understand this and will not move towards Parliament tomorrow."

Opposition should praise Centre for building new Parliament: Azad.
After 19 parties announced their intention to boycott the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament, former Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said that the Opposition should praise the Centre for building the Parliament in record time. He added, "[Opposition shouldn’t] criticise the government. I am against the Opposition boycotting this...I would have attended the ceremony if I were in Delhi."

WB CM apologises for Egra blast, says 'incident opened my eyes'.
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee apologised to the people of Egra for the blast at an illegal firecracker factory in which 12 people were killed. "The...incident has opened our eyes," she said. Mamata stated the incident could've been averted if the "intelligence had worked properly". She also announced an ex-gratia of ₹2.5 lakh each for the families of those killed.

21 seers leave for Delhi from Chennai to handover Sengol to PM.
As many as 21 Adheenam seers left for Delhi from Chennai airport on Saturday to attend the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament building. The seers will hand over 'Sengol' to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday. This is the same Sengol that was accepted by first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru to represent the transfer of power from the British.

Navi Mumbai man takes minor girl to room, sexually assaults her.
Navi Mumbai Police arrested a 26-year-old man, Monal Ramesh Vaghela, for allegedly sexually assaulting a 17-year-old girl. The accused lived in the same neighbourhood as the victim. According to reports, on Wednesday evening, the accused took the victim to a room for some work, however, seeing the opportunity, the accused then committed the crime.

44-year-old US mountaineer climbs rare Everest 'triple crown'.
Garrett Madison, a 44-year-old US mountaineer, conquered the rare Mount Everest region "triple crown" in a single season, a hiking firm said on Friday. He climbed 8,516-metre-high Lhotse peak, the world's fourth tallest peak, on Thursday, a day after he made his 13th ascent of Everest at 8,849 metres. Notably, Seattle-based Madison climbed the 7,855-metre-high Nuptse peak on May 8.

Indian among 3 World Cup workers jailed in Qatar for asking wages.
Three security guards, including one from India and two from Pakistan, were arrested in Qatar over a dispute over unpaid wages. They have been held for four months and sentenced to six months in prison. The guards, who worked at the football world cup stadium, were laid off shortly after the final despite having few months left on their contracts.

Xi Jinping is more of a serious threat than Putin: Ex-Canada PM.
Ex-Canadian PM Stephen Harper said that Chinese President Xi Jinping is a "much more long-term serious threat" than Russian President Vladimir Putin. He said Xi's ambition was to "create a new world order, a hub-and-spokes global economy where all authority is centred in China". His remarks came amidst a controversy over alleged Chinese interference in Canada's 2019 and 2021 elections.

US now has until June 5 to avoid debt default: Treasury Secretary.
US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said that based on the most recent data, the government now has until June 5 to raise or suspend the debt limit to avoid running out of money to pay its bills. She had earlier announced June 1 as the deadline. Notably, the US Treasury's cash balance has declined to $38.8 billion, lowest since 2017.

24 MLAs take oath as Karnataka Cabinet Ministers.
A week after Siddaramaiah took oath as the Karnataka Chief Minister, 24 MLAs were sworn-in as Cabinet Ministers on Saturday. MLAs H K Patil, Krishna Byre Gowda, K Venkatesh, N Cheluvarayaswamy, Congress working president Eshwar Khandre, and ex-state Congress President Dinesh Rao are among those who were inducted today. The oath-taking ceremony took place at the Raj Bhavan in Bengaluru.

Several CMs skip NITI Aayog meeting chaired by PM Modi.
Several Chief Ministers skipped the NITI Aayog Council meeting presided over by PM Narendra Modi in Delhi. The leaders not attending the meeting include Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, Punjab CM Bhagwant Mann, Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Kerala CM Pinarayi Vijayan, Telangana CM K Chandrashekar Rao, Tamil Nadu CM MK Stalin and Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot.

My wife felt insulted after watching my film, told me to stop doing films for money: Bajpayee.
Actor Manoj Bajpayee has revealed that his wife Shabana felt "insulted and humiliated" after watching one of his films. "Stop doing films for money. We are not so desperate that you did it for money. It was embarrassing," she told Bajpayee. The actor further said that it was a "great advice" even though it came in the form of scolding.

Sofia Hayat shares pics with scar after undergoing surgery to remove 7cm cyst.
Model Sofia Hayat underwent surgery to remove 7cm benign cyst and shared pictures with her surgery scar. "I did a little shoot showing my scar...My energy has fully returned after the massive operation, where my intestines were literally laid out on my tummy," she wrote. She said she was in hospital for five days and spent 3 weeks in bed.

Salman hugs Vicky Kaushal a day after actor’s security was seen pushing him aside.
A day after a video showed Salman Khan's security personnel pushing Vicky Kaushal aside at an IIFA event, another video showing both the actors hugging has gone viral on social media. The video showed Salman meeting Vicky and hugging him at another IIFA event. Earlier, Vicky said, "Things don't actually are as they seem sometimes in the video."

How am I wasting public's money, please explain: Harbhajan on Twitter user's allegations.
After a Twitter user alleged that Harbhajan Singh is wasting public money and his position as Rajya Sabha MP by doing commercials and commentary, the former cricketer responded, "How am I wasting public's money? Please explain brother?" He added, "Whatever money any MP gets...goes to DC of the district and each penny goes for the benefits of our people."

Pic of Nvidia's billionaire CEO shopping in Taiwan market without security goes viral.
A picture showing Nvidia's billionaire CEO and Co-founder Jensen Huang walking through a market in Taiwan's Taipei has gone viral on social media. Shared by a startup founder on Twitter, the picture shows Huang carrying a shopping bag and walking without security around him. Shares of Nvidia have soared this year, bringing the company closer to a $1 trillion valuation.

Food ingredient made from air, water & electricity makes debut.
Finnish startup Solar Foods has produced a food ingredient from air, water, electricity and microbes, which had its first official tasting in Singapore on Thursday. Called 'solein', the yellow-coloured powder contains 65-70% protein, 5-8% fat, 10-15% dietary fibres and 3-5% mineral nutrients. The ingredient can be used to make several food items, including bread, pasta, noodles and ice cream.

Hindu boy, Muslim girl out for dinner manhandled by mob on busy Indore road; video surfaces.
A Hindu boy and a Muslim girl were manhandled and heckled by a mob on a busy Indore road when they left a hotel after having dinner. Police said two people who came to rescue the duo were stabbed. The incident's video showed one man saying, "You're wearing hijab, but you're not following the law of Islam...Don't down the Islam."

North Korea built huge border wall during pandemic; satellite pics surface.
North Korea built hundreds of kilometres of new or upgraded border fences, walls and guard posts during the pandemic, in a move to seal its borders with China and Russia. Satellite pictures showing the border wall were shared by Reuters. Defectors and human rights activists said the border wall closed paths of escape from the country.

Your game is over: Maryam Nawaz tells Imran Khan.
PML-N party senior vice president and ex-PM Nawaz Sharif's daughter Maryam told Imran Khan that the "game is over" for the cricketer-turned-politician following an exodus of his party's senior members. Over 70 lawyers and leaders have parted ways with Khan's PTI party so far following the violent protests on May 9. The protests were triggered by ex-PM Imran Khan's arrest.

A new solar system: Mahindra on graphic showing Indian-origin CEOs of global firms.
Businessman Anand Mahindra took to Twitter to share a graphic showing the Indian-origin CEOs of 24 global companies and said, "Looks like a new solar system." He added, "I hope someone...is writing an authoritative book examining this unprecedented phenomenon and exploring what exactly...has turned Indian expats into such outstanding performers in the world of professional management."

I want to do action film but who the hell will make it?: Shahid.
Shahid Kapoor, in an interview, said that there are not many directors for the action genre in India. When asked if he wants to do more action films, Shahid said, "Of course I want to do action but who the hell will make it? How many good action filmmakers do we have?" Shahid will be seen in 'Bloody Daddy'.

Calmness that Hardik brings is reminiscent of MS Dhoni: Gavaskar.
With GT defeating MI to reach the final of IPL 2023, Sunil Gavaskar has said the calmness that GT captain Hardik Pandya brings to his team is reminiscent of CSK captain MS Dhoni. "This [GT] is a happy team, which is exactly what we see with CSK as well," added Gavaskar. GT will face CSK in the final on Sunday.

Russian missile hit Ukraine clinics, video shows buildings on fire.
One person was killed and 15 others were injured after a Russian missile hit the buildings of a psychological clinic and a veterinary clinic in Ukraine's Dnipro, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy tweeted on Friday. Zelenskyy also shared a video showing the buildings engulfing in flames after the missile attack. "Only an evil state can fight against clinics...It's pure terror," he tweeted.

Got to give it to Shubman, I hope he continues: Rohit on WTC final.
MI captain Rohit Sharma, speaking after their defeat against GT in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2, praised GT opener Shubman Gill for his 129(60) in their match. Rohit made an indirect reference to the WTC final against Australia, stating, "Got to give credit to Shubman, he's in great form...I hope he continues that." Shubman's hundred was his third in the tournament.

SpaceX launches 4,500-kg Arabsat satellite after 4 days of delay.
SpaceX launched a nearly 4,500-kg telecommunications satellite to orbit on Saturday after four days of delay due to thick cloud cover. A video showed SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket topped with the Arabsat BADR-8 satellite lifting off from Florida, with the rocket's first stage landing on a SpaceX's droneship later. The satellite will provide television broadcast and data services, among others.

AI won't take away all work or purpose from our lives: OpenAI CEO.
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said during an event, "This idea that AI is going to progress to a point...where humans don't have any work to do or don't have any purpose has never resonated with me." When asked about several media outlets already using AI to generate stories, he said ChatGPT should instead be like giving a journalist 100 assistants.

BJP members disguised as 'Kurmis' attacked convoy: TMC MP Abhishek.
After his convoy was attacked in West Bengal, TMC MP Abhishek Banerjee said that agitations cannot take the form of hooliganism. He further alleged that the BJP was behind the attack. He added, "I believe that some miscreants of [the] BJP disguised as members of the Kurmi community are behind this attack to malign TMC's campaign."

BJP, RSS promoting untouchability in India: Ashok Gehlot.
Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot claimed that the BJP and the RSS are promoting untouchability and creating differences in society. He added, "[BJP-RSS] should rise above religion and do some real work. Untouchability is still there in villages as well as urban areas...Who is taking care of Dalits? What are you (BJP-RSS) doing for them?"

What's the need for new Parliament? Earlier one's historic: Nitish.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has questioned the need for the new Parliament building, stating that the government should've developed the existing building. "The earlier building was historic...I have repeatedly said that the people in power will change the history of this country. There's no sense to attend its inauguration," he added. PM Modi will inaugurate the new building tomorrow.

Sengol in Parliament means return to Raja and Praja rule: Yechury.
Amid the ongoing controversy over the "Sengol", which is to be placed in the new Parliament building, CPI(M) General Secretary Sitaram Yechury said that displaying the sceptre prominently is symbolic of the return to the rule of "Raja and Praja". He added, "By bringing the 'Sengol' from the museum...is symbolic of [PM Modi's] 'coronation', invoking divine sanction."

Govt seeks advice on rules for valuing foreign funding in startups.
The Income-Tax Department has invited comments from stakeholders and general public on draft rules for valuing non-resident investment in unlisted startups. As per a tweet by the department, the comments can be sent to ustpl2@nic.in, latest by June 5. This comes days after the government notified 21 countries from where non-resident investment in unlisted Indian startups won't attract Angel Tax.

3 visually impaired brothers killed as house collapses in J&K.
Three visually impaired brothers were killed after their house collapsed following heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir's Kishtwar district on Friday. Five people were reportedly inside the house when it collapsed. On Wednesday, 4 members of a family were killed after a tree fell on their makeshift tent in the forest area of the district amid heavy rains, strong winds.

WB minister Hansda injured as Abhishek Banerjee's convoy attacked.
West Bengal minister Birbaha Hansda was injured on Friday as her vehicle was vandalised when the convoy of TMC National General Secretary and MP Abhishek Banerjee was attacked in West Bengal's Jhargram. "My car windshield is broken, some pieces fell on me and I got hurt by them," Hansda said. Banerjee has alleged that the BJP was behind the attack.

Pointless: Porn star Stormy on revealing alleged affair with Trump.
Porn star Stormy Daniels said she regretted revealing details of her alleged affair with ex-US President Donald Trump and that she felt it was pointless. "I spoke my truth, but it was just for nothing," she said. Notably, Trump has been indicted for a hush money payment made to Stormy in 2016 in exchange for her silence about their affair.

Deepika Padukone's 82°E launches new sunscreen gel, Licorice Beam.
Deepika Padukone's 82°E has launched Licorice Beam SPF 40 PA+++, a non-greasy clear sunscreen gel that follows Sugarcane Soak Cleanser and Gotu Kola Dew Serum to complete the Cleanse-Hydrate-Protect regimen when the skin feels oily. In an instrumental study conducted on 54 women over 4 weeks, 96% users agreed that it doesn't make skin look oily, it added.

Tanishq presents 'Impressions of Nature' diamond jewellery collection.
Tanishq introduced a new diamond jewellery collection called 'Impressions of Nature', calling it a soulful collection radiating the symphony of nature's timeless patterns. Every set of diamond jewellery from this collection is carefully crafted using round & baguette-cut diamonds, set in intricate gold plates to highlight beauty of the inspiration- all set to be embraced & adored, it revealed.

Manage glucose with confidence: Abbott FreeStyle Libre.
Now make informed decisions about your food choices with Abbott FreeStyle Libre, the brand stated. It's a continuous glucose monitoring device, providing a complete glucose picture without fingerpricks. The wearable device uses a small sensor that monitors glucose levels & time spent in desired glucose range. It enables users to make informed decisions on lifestyle modifications & dietary control.

97% users saw visible results in 14 days with new line: Nature Derma.
Nature Derma's French-formulated new active skincare line aims to help users break cycle of recurring skin problems in 2-4 weeks. Powered with Natural Biome Boost TM, the formulations seek to boost naturally occurring good bacteria on skin, protecting it from problem-causing aggressors, while powerful actives help restore healthy skin. 97% users saw visible results in just 14 days, it revealed.

Ashish Vidyarthi's 1st wife clarifies after her cryptic posts, says 'wasn't intentional'.
Actor Ashish Vidyarthi's first wife Piloo Vidyarthi has clarified after her cryptic posts following his second marriage. "The thing is I don't use my brain about these little things. I go by my heart. I deleted those posts later. I didn't do it intentionally," she said. "I usually read these quotes and share them if I like them," she added.

Mohit Sharma records best bowling figures for GT in IPL history.
GT fast bowler Mohit Sharma has recorded the best bowling figures for the Gujarat-based franchise in the history of IPL. The 34-year-old registered figures of 2.2-0-10-5 against MI in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 to set the record. The previous record was held by Mohammad Shami, who had registered figures of 4-0-11-4 against DC earlier this month.

What records did Shubman Gill break with his 129-run knock against MI?.
Shubman Gill smashed 129(60) against MI in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2, recording the highest score in IPL playoffs. Gill slammed 10 sixes, the most by a batter in an IPL playoff match. Gill set the record for most runs in four consecutive IPL innings (376). He also became the first Indian batter with 3 centuries in 4 consecutive T20 innings.

Why didn't MI's Ishan Kishan bat in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 against GT?.
MI wicketkeeper-batter Ishan Kishan didn't bat during IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 against GT. During post-match interview, MI captain Rohit Sharma said he didn't know how that happened. Kishan was hit on eye by teammate Chris Jordan's elbow while he was changing sides after GT's 16th over. Kishan was replaced by Vishnu Vinod, who became the first-ever concussion substitute in IPL.

Shameful that wrestlers are on roads, arrest Brij Bhushan: Ramdev.
Yoga guru Baba Ramdev has demanded the arrest of BJP MP and WFI chief Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh, stating that it's a "shameful thing" that the country's wrestlers are sitting at Jantar Mantar. "Brij Bhushan spews nonsense every day about mothers, sisters and daughters," added Ramdev. Wrestlers have been protesting since April 23, demanding Brij Bhushan's arrest.

Google removes 'slavery' gaming app that let users 'buy & sell' Black characters.
Google has removed 'Slavery Simulator' gaming app, which let users "buy and sell" and torture Black characters. The game was launched in April and was downloaded over 1,000 times before it was removed from the Play Store. It caused an outrage in Brazil, prompting its Public Prosecutor's Office to open an investigation into why the game was allowed by Google.

How can Android users protect devices from 'Daam' virus?.
Android users are advised to download apps only from official app stores in order to avoid 'Daam' virus, which hacks call records and gains camera access. As per CERT-In, users shouldn't browse un-trusted websites or follow un-trusted links and must install updated antivirus software. Exercise caution towards shortened URLs and numbers that don't look like genuine/regular mobile numbers, it added.

Hundreds of people stuck due to heavy snowfall rescued in Ladakh; pics released.
Hundreds of people, including locals and tourists, stranded in Ladakh's Changla Axis due to heavy snowfall were rescued by police. Releasing pictures, ADGP Ladakh tweeted, "Prompt action by police, Army & GREF rescue teams ensured safe evacuation of women, children & tourists." Continuous snowfall had resulted in icy and slippery road conditions.

Govt releases pics comparing old and new Parliaments.
The government has released pictures comparing old Parliament building with the new Parliament building. "The new Parliament of India sets a benchmark in infrastructure safety. With state-of-the-art measures and cutting-edge technology, it prioritises the well-being of our lawmakers and visitors," the government stated. The pictures show more seating capacity in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.

Man who opened plane door mid-air 'wanted to get off quickly': South Korean police.
After an Asiana Airlines passenger opened the emergency exit door of the plane mid-air, police said the man in his thirties opened the door because he was uncomfortable and wanted to get off the plane quickly. He also told them he was stressed after losing his job recently. The incident's video showing strong winds entering the plane went viral online.

US Treasury's cash pile falls to 6-year low amid debt ceiling crisis.
The US Treasury's cash balance has declined to $38.8 billion, marking the lowest level since 2017, according to data published on Friday. The balance is down from $49.5 billion a day earlier and $140 billion on May 12, Bloomberg reported. The decline in cash balance comes amid measures being taken to avoid hitting the $31.4 trillion debt limit.

We've crossed those cliches: Shahid on bulking up for action films.
Shahid Kapoor said that an actor doesn't have to bulk up and become "big and brawny" to play an action hero. "There are so many films that we watch now where an actor looks like a normal guy. Most of the boys who do all the stunts are...very normal," he said. "I think we've...crossed those cliches and stereotypes," Shahid added.

Tom Hanks receives honorary doctorate degree from Harvard.
Two-time Oscar-winning actor Tom Hanks has received an honorary Doctor of Arts degree from Harvard University. The 66-year-old actor was the principal speaker at 372nd Harvard Commencement. He joked that he received the degree "without having done a lick of work". In his speech, Hanks told the graduates that "truth is sacred" and urged them to fight to defend it.

People expect something unconventional from me every time: Alaya.
Actress Alaya F, in an interview, said that she is someone who has very high expectations from herself. "Even if I do something conventional, people will be surprised because they are expecting something unconventional from me every time now," she said. "Whether or not I become a superstar, I will keep on working for it," Alaya added.

Was editing pics for social media, felt I need to get fit: Krystle.
Krystle Dsouza, who recently shared pictures of her physical transformation, said it was her conscious decision to lose weight. "One day when I was editing...photos for social media to look a certain way...I felt I needed to be fitter and more physically active," she said. "It was all unhealthy weight many of us had put on [during lockdowns]," Krystle added.

When I hit 3 sixes off Madhwal, I realised it was my day: Gill.
GT opener Shubman Gill, who smashed his third hundred of IPL 2023 against MI in Qualifier 2, said he realised that it was his day when he smashed Akash Madhwal for three sixes in the 12th over of their innings. "That's when I got the momentum to go big," added Gill. GT defeated MI by 62 runs in the match.

Google hit with $32.5 mn fine in smart speaker patent case in US.
A US jury ordered Google to pay Sonos $32.5 million for infringing on the company's smart speaker patent. The jury determined that Google infringed on Sonos' patent relating to grouping speakers for playing audio simultaneously, and said Google should pay $2.30 for each of the over 14 million devices sold. Sonos first sued Google, its former business partner, in 2020.

9 years of betrayal, marketing gimmicks: Congress on Modi govt.
As PM Narendra Modi completed nine years in office, the Congress said that the nine years of the Modi government have been a saga of betrayal, continuous distractions and marketing gimmicks. Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge said, "In the last nine years, the Modi government has become a 'vishwaguru' in snatching away [the] employment of crores of youths."

Tencent offloads 2.1% stake in Policybazaar for ₹562 crore.
Chinese tech investor Tencent on Friday offloaded 2.1% of its stake in PB Fintech, the parent of Policybazaar and Paisabazaar, for ₹562 crore. As per the bulk deal data on the BSE, Tencent sold 94.16 lakh shares of PB Fintech at ₹596.66 per share. With this, Tencent's stake in the fintech startup reduced to 6.3% from 8.4%.

NIA raids multiple locations in Jabalpur in terror funding case.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) conducted raids on Friday night at several places in Madhya Pradesh's Jabalpur in connection with terror funding. According to reports, the team searched the residence of a lawyer, Usmani. Earlier on Wednesday, the NIA searched two locations in Uttar Pradesh in the Bhopal terror funding case, involving banned organisation, Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh.

I'm Pak's Foreign Minister but I buy water from tanker: Bilawal.
A video has surfaced online wherein Pakistan Foreign Minister Bilawal Bhutto Zardari can be seen complaining about a lack of water supply to Pakistan Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif. Speaking during an event in Karachi, Bhutto said, "I'm the Foreign Minister of Pakistan, but I purchase water from tanker." "Karachi is in the need of Shehbaz-speed," Bhutto told PM Shehbaz Sharif.

Mukesh Ambani joins UN advisory committee for COP28.
Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani has been named as member of the Advisory Committee to the President of the Conference of the Parties (COP28) of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). Ambani is among 31 international experts named on the panel. Climate campaigner Sunita Narain is the only other person from India on the panel.

BSF recovers suspected drug packet weighing 1 kg in Guj's Kutch.
The Border Security Force (BSF) recovered a packet, suspected to be containing drugs, from an isolated bet in Kori Creek in the Kutch district on Friday. According to officials, the packet weighing approximately 1 kg is similar to those, recovered earlier, which were confirmed to be having heroin worth an estimated value of ₹5 crore in the international market.

GT knock MI out of IPL 2023, become 3rd team to reach 2 consecutive IPL finals.
Defending champions GT defeated MI by 62 runs in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 in Ahmedabad on Friday. With this, GT became the third team after CSK and MI to reach two consecutive IPL finals. GT posted a total of 233/3 in Qualifier 2, the highest total in IPL playoff history. GT will now face CSK in the final on Sunday.

List of 24 Congress MLAs to be inducted in K'taka Cabinet tomorrow released.
The Congress party on Friday announced the names of 24 Karnataka MLAs who will take oath as ministers in the Siddaramaiah-led government on Saturday. The list includes Dinesh Gundu Rao, Eshwar Khandre, Rahim Khan, Santhosh S Lad, KN Rajanna and Peeriyapattana Venkatesh, among others. Eight ministers along with the CM and his deputy have already taken oath on May 20.

Heavy rainfall & thunderstorm disrupt flight operations at Delhi Airport.
Flight operations at Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport were affected on Saturday due to heavy rains, thunderstorm and adverse weather conditions. The airport authorities advised passengers to stay in touch with their respective airlines for the latest updates on flight information. The India Meteorological Department has predicted rain in Delhi and adjoining areas on Saturday morning.

I fast 18 hours a day, have only water once a week: Rahul Vaidya on transformation.
Singer Rahul Vaidya, who recently shared pictures of his physical transformation on social media, revealed that he fasts about 18 hours a day, and on Thursday, he just has water. "Not all bodies can take fasting. As much as I am advocating this, I also feel that talk to an expert before going for this," Rahul added.

Vicky reacts to Salman's security pushing him, says 'Things aren't as they seem in video'.
After a video showing Salman Khan's security pushing Vicky Kaushal aside at an IIFA event went viral, Vicky said, "Things don't actually are as they seem sometimes in the video." Adding that there's no point in talking about the incident, the actor said, "A lot of times there is unnecessary chatter about things."

Gill kisses his bat after hitting 3rd ton in IPL 2023, Rohit congratulates him; pics viral.
GT opener Shubman Gill celebrated his third hundred in IPL 2023 by kissing his bat during the Qualifier 2 against MI, with a picture going viral. MI captain Rohit Sharma was also seen congratulating the 23-year-old. Gill became third cricketer after Virat Kohli and Jos Buttler to slam at least three hundreds in an IPL season.

Pic showing Sachin chatting with Shubman during GT vs MI match goes viral.
A picture showing Sachin Tendulkar chatting with Shubman Gill during the GT vs MI IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 in Ahmedabad has gone viral on social media. Shubman scored 129 off just 60 balls. Defending champions GT defeated MI by 62 runs, becoming the third team after CSK and MI to reach two consecutive IPL finals.

Prithvi Shaw makes first public appearance with girlfriend Nidhhi Tapadiaa.
Cricketer Prithvi Shaw made his first public appearance with his girlfriend Nidhhi Tapadiaa. Pictures of the same have gone viral on social media. The duo were spotted at the green carpet of IIFA Awards. Shaw featured in eight matches of IPL 2023 for DC, scoring 106 runs at an average of 13.25.

Delhi woman IAS officer accuses Saurabh Bharadwaj of coercive behaviour.
Delhi government Special Secretary II (Services) Kinny Singh has accused Services Minister Saurabh Bharadwaj of "unexpected coercive behaviour" and has requested security for herself. "I have lost trust that my safety and dignity will be ensured whenever called for a personal meeting," PTI quoted a report filed by Singh. AAP said the officers are making such complaints under BJP's pressure.

Shikaras overturn in Dal Lake amid heavy rain, 20 tourists rescued.
At least 20 tourists were rescued by police after several 'shikaras' (boats) overturned in the Dal Lake in Jammu and Kashmir's Srinagar following heavy rainfall and strong winds on Friday. "The incident occurred when the 'shikaras' were in the middle of the lake. The rescued tourists were given first aid and were allowed to go," a senior police officer said.

Bill introduced to declare Diwali a federal holiday in US.
US lawmaker Grace Meng has introduced a bill in the US Congress to declare Diwali a federal holiday in the country. "Diwali is one of the most important days of the year for billions of people across the globe, and for countless families and communities...in the US," Meng said after introducing the bill.

Cocaine & alcohol detected in Imran Khan's medical test, claims Pak Health Minister.
Traces of alcohol and cocaine consumption have been found in former Pakistan PM Imran Khan's body, Pakistan Health Minister Abdul Qadir Patel claimed. He said this while citing details of medical report based on samples taken after his arrest on May 9 by National Accountability Bureau. "When he was taken into custody by NAB, he was in...intoxicated state," Patel said.

Trader PR Sundar to pay ₹6.5 cr to SEBI over unregistered investment advice.
Trader PR Sundar, his company Mansun Consultancy, and co-promoter Mangayarkarasi Sundar have agreed to settle an investment advisory case with the SEBI by agreeing to pay nearly ₹6.5 crore. They were providing investment advisory services without the requisite registration, SEBI said. The three of them will also refrain from buying, selling or otherwise dealing in securities for one year.

Kerala Story maker Sudipto hospitalised due to exhaustion: Reports.
Director Sudipto Sen has been hospitalised due to exhaustion caused by the excessive travel for the promotions of 'The Kerala Story', according to reports. "The promotional plan and city visits are on hold...The filmmaker will soon be back to continue the promotion," a source was quoted as saying. The film has earned over ₹200 crore at the domestic box office.

It's rewarding: Urvashi on attending Cannes 2nd year in a row.
Actress Urvashi Rautela, who recently walked the red carpet of Cannes Film Festival, said that she felt overwhelmed on attending the festival for the second consecutive year. "There is a lot of pressure to...stand out in terms of your style. It's equally rewarding as you get to meet the best of the best from the entertainment world," Urvashi said.

Message to nation if Bhushan attends Parliament opening: Vinesh.
If WFI chief Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh attends the new Parliament building inauguration, "the whole country will automatically get the message", said wrestler Vinesh Phogat. "Whoever is trying to save Brij Bhushan is against us. I don't know what is happening internally in the government but someone is trying to shield him and it is not right," she added.

Protesting wrestlers speaking Khalistani language: Brij Bhushan.
WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh criticised the protesting wrestlers, saying that they are speaking the language of Khalistanis. He added, "This is no longer wrestlers' agitation…Bajrang Punia said that if he knows how to bow his head down to someone, he also knows how to behead someone. What kind of language is this? Whose head do you want to cut?"

Kane, Neymar among Newcastle's summer transfer targets: Report.
Newcastle United have reportedly drawn up an 11-man list of players, including Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane and PSG forward Neymar, they are targeting in the summer transfer window. Other players on the list include Leicester City midfielder James Maddison, Bayern Munich's Ryan Gravenberch and Atletico Madrid's Joao Felix. Newcastle was recently bought out by a Saudi Arabian consortium.

Many US firms have space to do mass layoffs like Twitter: Musk.
Elon Musk said many Silicon Valley companies have employees who don't add a lot of value like Twitter had before he conducted mass layoffs. "I think there is the possibility for significant cuts at other companies without affecting their productivity, in fact increasing their productivity," Musk stated. Twitter currently has around 1,500 employees, which is "a reasonable number", he added.

World's 1st life-size Lego model of Ferrari Daytona unveiled in UK.
The world's first life-size Lego model of the luxury Ferrari Daytona SP3 sports car has been unveiled at Legoland Windsor in UK, and a video of the same has surfaced. The car is made from 4,02,836 Lego bricks, and it weighs over 1.5 tonnes. It took a team of builders and designers 2,000 hours to replicate the high-performance sports car.

Stupid level: TN BJP chief on Congress' 'bogus' claim on Sengol.
With Congress claiming that there's no evidence to describe the golden sceptre 'Sengol' as a symbol of power transfer from British to India in 1947, Tamil Nadu BJP chief K Annamalai said the Congress is disrespecting 'Sanatana Dharma'. "The Adheenam has spoken in the true spirit of what exactly happened in 1947...[Congress] is taking politics to stupid level," added Annamalai.

We're not chasing valuation: Mamaearth Co-founder on IPO plan.
Mamaearth Co-founder Ghazal Alagh said the startup is not "chasing valuation" through its planned IPO and is rather focused on creating value for consumers and partners. Alagh stated that people's focus on the startup's valuation and not on the value it has created makes her "uncomfortable". She earlier denied reports of Mamaearth seeking a $3 billion valuation in IPO.

Diversify investment in TN: CM Stalin to Japanese investors.
Tamil Nadu CM MK Stalin on Friday urged Japanese companies, which have so far concentrated on the manufacturing sector, to diversify their investments in the state into industrial infrastructure development and research and development (R&D). Stalin, who's in Japan, also invited the leaders of the firms for a Global Investors' Meet in Chennai, which will take place in January 2024.

US Ambassador Garcetti inaugurates US Consulate in Hyderabad.
US Ambassador to India Eric Garcetti inaugurated the US Consulate in Hyderabad on Friday during a gala celebration of the 247th anniversary of American Independence. "The United States values this city," Garcetti said. "We opened this $340 million facility because Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, and Odisha are writing one of the most important chapters of the US-India Strategic Partnership," he added.

Men force couple to call themselves 'brother & sister' in K'taka.
Two people were arrested on Friday for allegedly passing derogatory remarks and asking questions about religious background of an interfaith couple at a restaurant in Karnataka's Chikkaballapur. According to police, the accused forced the woman to apologise and the man to declare that everyone present around him was his brother and sister. A video of the incident had gone viral.

Go First extends suspension of flight operations till May 30.
Go First announced on Saturday that its flights will remain cancelled till May 30 due to operational reasons. "A full refund will be issued to the original mode of payment shortly," the bankrupt airline said in a tweet. On Friday, it had extended flights suspension from May 26 to May 28.

RBI fines Central Bank of India ₹84.5 lakh over fraud norms breach.
The RBI imposed a ₹84.5-lakh fine on Central Bank of India for non-compliance with fraud-classification norms. The bank had failed to report certain accounts as fraud within seven days of the joint lenders' forum (JLF) declaring those as fraud. Further, it had recovered SMS alert charges from customers on a flat basis rather than on an actual usage basis.

B'luru Metro to start services at 6 am for UPSC Prelims on May 28.
The Bengaluru Metro will commence services at 6 am instead of the regular starting time of 7 am in view of the UPSC Civil Services (Preliminary) Exam on Sunday. The revised timing will be implemented across all terminal stations. This has been done to facilitate smooth and hassle-free travel for candidates appearing for the exam.

Anushka Sharma makes her debut at Cannes Film Festival, pics of her look go viral.
Actress Anushka Sharma made her debut at the 76th Cannes Film Festival on Friday. She wore an off-shoulder gown by Richard Quinn and accessorised with minimal jewellery. Anushka is at the Cannes Film Festival to honour women in cinema. She will be joined by Hollywood actress Kate Winslet at the event.

Shubman Gill smashes highest-ever score in IPL playoff history.
GT opener Shubman Gill on Friday smashed the highest-ever score in the history of IPL playoffs. The 23-year-old scored 129 runs off 60 deliveries against MI in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 to set the record. The previous record was held by Virender Sehwag, who had slammed 122(58) against CSK in Qualifier 2 of IPL 2014.

Sai Sudharsan becomes first cricketer to be retired out in an IPL playoff match.
GT batter Sai Sudharsan has become the first cricketer to be retired out in an IPL playoff match. Sudharsan was called back after 19th over. He had scored 43 runs off 31 deliveries, including five fours and a six. GT scored 9 runs in 19th over. They scored 19 runs in 20th over and put up a total of 233/3.

Gujarat Titans smash highest-ever total in IPL playoff history.
Gujarat Titans (GT) today smashed the highest-ever total in history of IPL playoffs. GT put up a total of 233/3 against Mumbai Indians (MI) in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 to set the record. The previous record was set by Punjab Kings (PBKS) who had put up a total of 226/6 against Chennai Super Kings (CSK) in IPL 2014 Qualifier 2.

Shubman Gill becomes 3rd cricketer to smash 3 tons in a season in IPL history.
GT's Shubman Gill has become the third cricketer to smash three hundreds in an IPL season. The 23-year-old slammed his third ton of IPL 2023 against MI in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 today. Virat Kohli (four hundreds, IPL 2016) and Jos Buttler (four hundreds, IPL 2022) are other two batters to have slammed at least three tons in a season.

Abhishek Banerjee's convoy attacked in Bengal, minister Birbaha's car vandalised.
The convoy of TMC National General Secretary and MP Abhishek Banerjee was allegedly attacked during a public outreach event in West Bengal's Jhargram district on Friday. As per reports, state minister Birbaha Hansda's car was vandalised during the incident. The attack was allegedly carried out by protestors from the Kurmi community.

Professor asks for sexual favours from girl student at UP college, video surfaces.
A video purportedly showing a teacher of a college affiliated to VBS Purvanchal University in Uttar Pradesh's Jaunpur allegedly asking for sexual favours from a girl student has surfaced online. Police have taken suo motu cognisance of the video and started an investigation into the incident. In the video, the girl is purportedly heard denying the accused.

Credit Suisse ordered to pay $926 million to ex-Georgia PM for losing part of his fortune.
Credit Suisse has been ordered to pay $926 million to former Georgia Prime Minister Bidzina Ivanishvili by a Singapore court for losing part of his fortune. It is one of the biggest legal awards made against the bank. Ivanishvili defrauded by Patrice Lescaudron, one of the firm's private bankers who misappropriated funds from numerous wealthy clients.

My beard opened up opportunities for me in Italian industry: Kabir.
Actor Kabir Bedi said that his beard opened up opportunities for him to play Italian roles. "A group of producers from Italy, who were touring India...were seeking an actor with...beard," he said, adding he auditioned for the role and eventually got the part. "This unexpected turn of events brought...positive changes to my life, all thanks to my beard," said Kabir.

I'm not an attention seeker, want people to see my work: Shahid.
Shahid Kapoor said in an interview that he's not an attention-seeking person. "I'm not that kind of person who's always wanting everybody to look at me. I want everybody to see my work," he added. "There are people who like attention...but I don't. I really appreciate...audience when they like my work...so I want to be there for them," said Shahid.

'Monster' jellyfish washes up on England beach; video surfaces.
A huge jellyfish washed up on Merseyside beach in England. A dog owner spotted the "monster" jellyfish on the shore and recorded a video of it. Posting the video on Facebook, the woman shared that her dog was running towards the jellyfish that looked like a "ball". She cautioned others to be careful about such creatures while walking their dogs.

MI gives a person everything to become a better player: Suryakumar.
Mumbai Indians batter Suryakumar Yadav said when he "returned" to the franchise in 2018, they gave him "clarity" and it became "a big turning point" in his career. "They...trusted me, it was time I paid them back...They travelled two steps, I did four," said SKY. He added that MI will give a person everything to "become a better player".

Like to score boundaries as it eventually releases pressure: Yadav.
Mumbai Indians batter Suryakumar Yadav said he likes to score boundaries as it eventually releases a lot of pressure. "If I get to hit a boundary on the first or second ball, I do not leave that opportunity," he said. Yadav added that playing a "smart game" is more important and that he hits more boundaries than sixes.

MS Dhoni taught me that we can't control the end result: Hussey.
Chennai Super Kings batting coach Michael Hussey said team captain MS Dhoni is an "amazing man" who has this "great ability" to take "pressure off people". "What I have really learned from him is that we can't control the end result. All we can do is turn up," said Hussey. He added that Dhoni lets players "play their best cricket".

After 30 games, RR has turned me into a death overs bowler: Chahal.
Rajasthan Royals spinner Yuzvendra Chahal said after 30 matches for the franchise he is now "a new death overs bowler". Speaking in an end-of-season team video, team captain Sanju Samson said, "Everyone genuinely and honestly wanted this team to succeed. I think they really cared about the team." Batter Yashasvi Jaiswal said he tries to improve "1%" every day.

Arsenal must seek excellence in transfer market: Manager Arteta.
Arsenal must make smart decisions during the transfer window to once again compete for the Premier League next season, said manager Mikel Arteta. "We have to nail everything...Seek excellence in everything we touch and participate...Competition will be even harder next season," said Arteta. He added that this 2022-2023 season was the "hardest" in his 22 years of senior football.

Transgender women banned from female events by British Cycling.
British Cycling has banned transgender women from competing in female events. As per new policy, the events will have two categories, 'open' and 'female'. Transgender women and men, non-binary individuals, and those assigned male gender at birth will compete in 'open' category. The 'female' category will be reserved for females by birth and transgender men who didn't undergo hormone therapy.

PM Modi gave new names to schemes of UPA in last 9 years: Congress.
Congress leader Jairam Ramesh on Friday said PM Narendra Modi has rebranded schemes of the UPA by giving new names to them in last nine years of the BJP government at the Centre. The Congress asked PM Modi nine questions on issues such as rising prices, unemployment and farmers' income. It demanded an apology for the "betrayal" during his tenure.

Pathological hatred for PM: BJP on Congress' '9 saal, 9 sawaal'.
After Congress released a booklet '9 saal, 9 sawaal' posing nine questions before PM Narendra Modi, BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad said the questions were raised "out of pathological hatred" for the PM. "The questions asked by the Congress are a bundle of lies and a mountain of deception," he said.

BJP's parivar: Congress as it targets BJP on PM's 9-year tenure.
As PM Narendra Modi completed nine years in office, Congress shared a list containing several BJP leaders and their children, who hold positions in the government or other prominent organisations. The list also included NSA Ajit Doval and his son Shaurya Doval. "Naakami ke 9 saal (Nine years of failure). BJP's parivar (family). 9 years, 9 faces," the graphic read.

Info Edge writes off ₹76-cr investment in B2B marketplace Bijnis.
Info Edge has written off its entire investment of ₹76.6 crore in B2B marketplace Bijnis' parent Bizcrum Infotech. The investment "lost its inherent value" due to factors like continuing cash burn and uncertainty of future capital raise, Info Edge said. "This...is...technical write-off...This isn't a reflection on the company's financial performance," Info Edge investor Rishabh Katiyar clarified.

PhysicsWallah to invest ₹120 crore in tech upskilling platform.
Alakh Pandey-led PhysicsWallah has announced it'd invest ₹120 crore in the next 2-3 years in PW Skills, the edtech startup's platform that offers upskilling courses in the tech sector. "We're planning to clock $10 million in ARR (annual recurring revenue) this year," PW Skills CEO Sudhanshu Kumar said. PhysicsWallah recently also said it'd invest ₹100 crore in its UPSC vertical.

You went after Alt News' Zubair but there's no proof: HC to police.
Delhi High Court asked police what action has been taken against the person who allegedly posted offensive tweets against Alt News Co-founder Mohammed Zubair. "You went hammer and tongs against him (Zubair). But the case has now ended in a whimper, as it should have...because there was no evidence...What action have you taken against this man?" the court asked police.

Noida Metro to start operations at 6 am for UPSC Prelims on May 28.
Noida-Greater Noida Metro will begin services from 6 am on Sunday instead of 8 am in view of the Civil Services (Preliminary) Examination conducted by the UPSC. Metro train services will start at 6 am from both terminal stations --Depot in Greater Noida and Sector 51 in Noida, Sector 142 and Sector 144 on Aqua Line.

IT hiring to remain slow for at least 6 months: Info Edge CEO.
Info Edge CEO Hitesh Oberoi said global concerns may impact the prospects of clients in the IT services space. Oberoi says IT hiring may remain slow for at least six months and hopes that it will recover in H2 FY24. With non-IT recruitment being strong currently, he said it could be challenging for the company if the economy turns.

Pune's Gera Developments appoints CEO for the 1st time in 52 years.
Gera Developments, the Pune-based real estate developer, announced the appointment of Gulzar Malhotra as its Chief Executive Officer (CEO), for the first time in its 52 years of operations. Malhotra will report to Managing Director Rohit Gera. "I am delighted to join Gera Developments which has been at the forefront of driving innovation in the real estate industry," said Malhotra.

Govt clears appointment of Justices Dhanuka & Gangapurwala as Bombay, Madras HC CJs.
The Ministry of Law and Justice on Friday issued a notification for the appointment of Justice Ramesh D Dhanuka as the Chief Justice of Bombay High Court. The Centre also notified the appointment of Justice Sanjay V Gangapurwala as the Chief Justice of Madras High Court. Justice Gangapurwala was appointed the Acting Chief Justice of Bombay HC in December 2022.

Delhi HC stays AAP govt's notice of stopping bike taxi services.
Delhi High Court on Friday stayed the public notice issued by the AAP government against ride-sharing platforms like Uber and Rapido that prevented them from operating bike taxi services. The court asked Transport Department not to take any coercive steps against Rapido and others till a policy is framed. These apps were prevented from plying bike taxis without commercial permits.

Pandya gives animated huddle talk to his teammates ahead of Qualifier 2, video goes viral.
A video went viral showing GT captain Hardik Pandya giving an animated huddle talk to his teammates ahead of IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 against MI. In the video, Hardik can be seen standing in the middle of the huddle and talking passionately to the players. Sharing the video on Twitter, IPL wrote, "An energetic captain leads the huddle talk."

MI to bowl first against GT in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2, playing XIs announced.
Mumbai Indians (MI) captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl first against Gujarat Titans (GT) in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. The winner of the match will play the final against CSK on Sunday. Kumar Kartikeya has replaced Hrithik Shokeen in MI's playing XI.

'Daam' virus that hacks into call records, camera spreading on Android phones.
An Android malware called 'Daam' that hacks into call records, contacts, history and camera has been found to be spreading, CERT-In said. Issuing an advisory, CERT-In said the Android botnet gets distributed through third-party websites or applications downloaded from untrusted/unknown sources. CERT-In advised against browsing "un-trusted websites" or clicking on "un-trusted links".

Punjab MLA Partap Bajwa's pics misused in Facebook ad for impotence drug.
An FIR has been registered against unidentified persons for allegedly putting photographs of Punjab Leader of the Opposition Partap Singh Bajwa in a Facebook advertisement for an impotence medicine. "This is a very cheap tactic, either of my political opponents or some people acting on their behalf...so as to cause harm to my reputation," Bajwa said in the police complaint.

12 killed, trees & electric poles uprooted after heavy rain in Raj.
At least a dozen people died and several sustained injuries in separate incidents due to heavy rainfall and thunderstorm in Rajasthan's Tonk, District Collector Chinmayee Gopal has confirmed. Several trees and electricity poles were uprooted and houses were damaged following strong winds. The IMD said thunderstorms will continue in Bikaner, Jaipur, Bharatpur, Ajmer and Kota on May 27 as well.

Man claims drunk Rapido driver hit him with his auto at 3 am in B'luru, shares video.
A Bengaluru man claimed that a Rapido auto driver, who was allegedly drunk, hit him with his auto at 3 am. "I had company laptop and gadgets with me," the man wrote on Twitter and shared a video. The official Twitter account of Madivala Traffic Police Station replied that an FIR has been filed against the driver.

NIA moves HC seeking death penalty for Kashmiri separatist Yasin Malik.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Friday moved the Delhi High Court seeking a death sentence for Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) chief Yasin Malik in a terror funding case. The NIA had sought a death penalty for the Kashmiri separatist leader before the trial court, but it was rejected. Malik was sentenced to life imprisonment in May 2022.

Forest team tracking cheetah mistaken for dacoits, beaten up in MP.
A forest department team looking for a cheetah who had sneaked out of the Kuno National Park in Madhya Pradesh was mistaken for dacoits and beaten up by villagers on Friday. The team was tracking cheetah Asha, which was brought from Namibia in September last year. Three members of the forest team were injured in the incident.

Our politicians are jealous of him: Australian leader of Opposition after PM Modi's visit.
Australian leader of Opposition Peter Dutton said Australian politicians are "jealous" of PM Narendra Modi, referring to his recent visit which saw a massive crowd at a Sydney event. "Every politician...was jealous of...the...fact that he was able to get 20,000 people chanting his surname in unison," Dutton said. During the event, Australian PM Anthony Albanese called PM Modi "the boss".

Indian-origin billionaire Mukesh Jagtiani passes away aged 70 in Dubai.
Indian-origin billionaire Mukesh Wadhumal Jagtiani passed away aged 70 in Dubai. Jagtiani, who was known as 'Micky', died of age-related problems, Khaleej Times reported. Jagtiani ranked 511 on Forbes' 37th annual world's billionaires list earlier this year with $5.2-billion wealth. He founded Landmark Group in 1973. The group operates brands like Babyshop, Centrepoint, Home Centre and Lifestyle.

Hrithik shoots with real-life cadets from IAF for Fighter, pic out.
Hrithik Roshan and Deepika Padukone's forthcoming aerial action thriller 'Fighter' will feature real-life cadets from the Indian Air Force (IAF). Hrithik was recently spotted shooting for the film with them, a picture of which has surfaced online. 'Fighter', directed by Siddharth Anand, will feature Hrithik as a fighter jet pilot.

Our car was still, waiting for truck to pass: Vaibhavi's fiancé.
Late actress Vaibhavi Upadhyaya's fiancé Jay Gandhi said they were wearing seat belts when the accident occurred. Stating that they weren't speeding, Jay said, "Our car was standing still, waiting for...truck to pass," he added. Vaibhavi's brother Ankit said the rear end of the truck hit the car while taking a turn. "Due to...impact, Vaibhavi was thrown out," said Ankit.

She's 50 & I'm 57 but age doesn't matter: Ashish on 2nd marriage.
Ashish Vidyarthi, talking about his second marriage with Rupali Barua, said, "I had...firm belief that I want to get married because I want to travel with somebody." "We met a year back and...we discovered something interesting about one another and we thought we could be walking together as husband-wife," Ashish said, adding, "She's 50 and I'm 57...but age doesn't matter."

Moeen Ali set to be offered MLC contract after Jason Roy: Report.
England all-rounder Moeen Ali is reportedly set to be offered a contract for US-based Major League Cricket. Ali's IPL franchise, Chennai Super Kings, will reportedly offer him a two-year deal to be a part of Texas Super Kings and South Africa's Joburg Super Kings. Ali is one of the cricketers to be approached by an MLC franchise after Jason Roy.

Rocket Lab launches 2 cyclone-monitoring satellites for NASA.
US-based space firm Rocket Lab has launched the final pair of satellites that are part of NASA's TROPICS mission, which aims to monitor tropical cyclones and improve weather forecasting. The launch named 'Coming to a Storm Near You' took place in New Zealand. Another pair of TROPICS satellites was launched by Rocket Lab earlier this month.

OpenAI raises $175 million to invest in AI startups: Reports.
ChatGPT maker OpenAI has closed an investment fund valued at more than $175 million to invest in AI-focused startups, reports said citing a regulatory filing. The value of the fund, named OpenAI Startup Fund I, is 75% higher than what was initially announced by the company. OpenAI launched the fund in partnership with Microsoft and other investors in 2021.

Pretty damn impressive: Omar on first look video of new Parliament.
Sharing the "first look" video of the new Parliament building, JKNC leader Omar Abdullah said the building is a "welcome addition". "A lot of us often spoke amongst ourselves about the need for a new and improved Parliament building," Abdullah tweeted. "Better late than never is all I'll say and this one looks pretty damn impressive," he added.

It's a good time to invest in startups: Info Edge's Bikhchandani.
Info Edge Founder Sanjeev Bikhchandani said it was a good time to invest in young companies if they are cost-efficient and offer the right valuations. "It's difficult to predict (when the funding scenario will improve)...But, there is still enough entrepreneurial activity going on. It is a good time to invest in startups if you have 8-10 year horizon," Bikhchandani said.

Past climate change led to underwater landslides in Antarctica.
Scientists have linked giant underwater landslides in Antarctica to past climate change. They found layers of fossilised sediments beneath the seafloor, indicating weak conditions during a time when Antarctica experienced higher temperatures, increased sea levels, and smaller ice sheets. As climate change continues, there's a potential for other such giant underwater landslides to take place.

BJP, AIMIM councillors clash over Vande Mataram in UP's Meerut.
BJP and AIMIM councillors clashed at the swearing-in ceremony at the Meerut Municipal Corporation office in Uttar Pradesh on Friday. AIMIM councillors reportedly didn't stand up during Vande Mataram and BJP counterparts objected to this. The fight escalated and Rapid Action Force along with the police force was called in.

Uniform Civil Code will accept, respect and protect all: RSS.
Senior RSS leader Indresh Kumar on Friday said, "A Uniform Civil Code will accept, respect and protect all." "Those who have doubts over it should not lose their cool. Instead, they should try to understand everybody," he added. Those resorting to scaremongering over UCC should not take the country on the wrong path, he said.

Carbon tax won't affect trade ties with India: EU climate head.
European Union's (EU) climate policy chief Frans Timmermans said its proposed carbon tax won't have any negative effect on its trade relationship with India. EU plans to implement a carbon import tax of 25-30% on high-carbon goods like steel, cement and aluminium, among others. This has led to concerns about the impact on developing nations heavily reliant on carbon-intensive industries.

Unexploded WWII bomb found in Poland, 2,500 people evacuated.
A 250-kg World War II bomb was found in Wroclaw, Poland, prompting the evacuation of 2,500 residents. The German SC-250 aerial bomb was discovered during construction work near a railway overpass. The city arranged buses to transport the evacuated residents to safety while bomb removal experts successfully removed the explosive.

Russia expels 5 Swedish envoys a month after Sweden's action.
Russia on Thursday said it has expelled five Swedish diplomats and will shut Sweden's consulate in St Petersburg and its own mission in Sweden's Gothenburg. This comes after Sweden expelled five Russians last month over espionage concerns. "We...deeply regret the Russian announcement about the Consulate General in St Petersburg," Swedish Foreign Minister Tobias Billström said.

Cognizant renews lease for Pune space at ₹3.35 crore/month: Report.
NASDAQ-listed Cognizant renewed its lease for 6.27 lakh sq ft office space in Pune for five years at a rent of ₹3.35 crore per month, documents accessed by Propstack showed. It has renewed its lease for four floors in Quadron Business Park Block 4. The lease was renewed from October 2021 to October 2026 but was registered in April 2023.

Video shows first look of new Parliament building with peacock-themed Lok Sabha.
The government on Friday released the first look of the new Parliament building, two days before its official inauguration by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi. Visuals show the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha from a high angle. The interior has three national symbols - the lotus, the peacock and the banyan tree - as its themes.

Nawazuddin refutes reports of him supporting ban on Kerala Story.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui, in a tweet on Friday, clarified that he doesn't support the practice of banning films. This comes after several media publications reported that the actor had supported calls to ban 'The Kerala Story'. Nawazuddin tweeted, "Please stop spreading false news just to get some views and hits, it's called cheap TRP...Stop banning films. Stop spreading fake news."

Needed a woman over 40 sexualised by men: Anurag on choosing Sunny for Kennedy.
Anurag Kashyap, speaking about casting Sunny Leone in his film 'Kennedy', told Film Companion, "I needed a woman over 40...sexualised by men around her, men who are in their 50s...60s." "I don't need to see the act of sex...I need to see this woman who's dealing with it...also using it all in order to survive and navigate," he added.

What will happen if IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 between MI and GT gets abandoned?.
In case of rain interruption in IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 between MI and GT, number of overs can be reduced to five per side at maximum. In case that isn't possible, a Super Over will be played to determine the winner. If Super Over is also not possible, GT will be declared winner as they finished highest on points table.

He wasted time, maybe some people are bigger than law: Harper on MSD arguing with umpires.
Referring to MS Dhoni arguing with on-field umpires after they stopped Matheesha Pathirana from bowling 16th over in IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 due to penance time rules, ex-umpire Daryl Harper said Dhoni wasted time. "Issue for me is...lack of respect shown for...spirit of cricket," he added. He further said, "Maybe some people are bigger than the law or...spirit of cricket."

Mumbai Indians share list of records broken by them in IPL 2023.
Mumbai Indians (MI) shared list of records broken by them in IPL 2023. MI registered six 200-plus totals in IPL 2023, the most 200-plus totals by a team in an IPL season. MI also broke record for chasing down most 200-plus targets in a season (four in IPL 2023). MI have also scored most powerplay runs in IPL 2023 (815).

England launch their special jersey for Ashes, share pics.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has launched a special jersey for Ashes, which will be worn by both the England men's and women's teams. The ECB said, "The shirt celebrates a team which is defying conventions in Test cricket to embrace a Machiavellian, captivating style of play that thrives on calculated risks and rewarding gameplay."

YouTube shutting down Stories from June 26.
YouTube is shutting down Stories feature from June 26. Users won't be able to post any new Stories that day onwards and existing posts will expire after seven days. First introduced under the name Reels, Stories were available to users with over 10,000 subscribers. YouTube is pushing users to rely on Community posts and Shorts for fleeting updates.

Stop muzzling freedom of speech: BJP to CM on 'The Diary of West Bengal'.
After West Bengal Police served a notice to the director of 'The Diary of West Bengal' movie, BJP said CM Mamata Banerjee should stop muzzling freedom of speech and expression. BJP leader Amit Malviya said the claims made in the trailer are a "lived experience of many" in the state. Police said the director was trying to defame the state.

Tushar from Haryana got -22.9 marks in one paper: UPSC as 2 candidates claim same rank.
After two men named Tushar Kumar claimed they got 44th rank in UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022, UPSC clarified claim of Tushar from Haryana is fake, while Tushar from Bihar is "genuine candidate". UPSC said Tushar (Haryana) failed prelims, getting -22.89 marks in General Studies Paper-1 and 44.73 in General Studies Paper-II. UPSC added roll numbers of both were different.

Share it with own voice-over: PM on new Parliament building video.
PM Narendra Modi shared a video showing the first look of the new Parliament building which is set to be inaugurated on May 28. "I have a special request - share this video with your own voice-over, which conveys your thoughts. I will re-Tweet some of them," said PM Modi in a tweet. "Don't forget to use #MyParliamentMyPride," he added.

Drunk man calls Delhi Police claiming threat to PM Modi's life.
A 48-year-old man in Delhi has been arrested for allegedly calling a police control room (PCR), claiming a threat to PM Narendra Modi's life, police said. "He was drunk when he made the PCR call," DCP Pranav Tayal said. "It was revealed that he has been unemployed for the last six years and is a habitual drinker," the DCP added.

Strong 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits Japan.
An earthquake of magnitude 6.1 hit Japan on Friday, according to a tweet by the National Center for Seismology. The earthquake occurred 107 km east-southeast of Tokyo. The depth of the earthquake was 65 km, National Center for Seismology added. There was no tsunami warning, according to public broadcaster NHK.

Was earlier known as 'one who looks like Manisha Koirala': Divya.
Divya Dutta in an interview revealed that she was known as 'the one who looks like Manisha Koirala' during her initial days in the film industry. She also spoke about having had a very unconventional journey. "Things...I wanted to do back then, I'm doing it now. So maybe my story was written differently, and I'm happy about it," said Divya.

Adah Sharma reacts to The Kerala Story being called Islamophobic.
Actress Adah Sharma opened up about her latest film 'The Kerala Story' being termed Islamophobic. She said, "Our director had this Muslim girl who messaged him when the trailer was out and she used to abuse him every single day." Adah added, "She watched the film...and sent him a message...that...you are actually telling us how people are misusing Islam."

More Indian talent or it'll still be E Saala Cup Rehne De: Chopra.
Ex-India cricketer Aakash Chopra said RCB need to invest in Indian talent as they can't win IPL with just big-name players. "You can't win tournaments with just 4-5 players...invest in Indian players in the next two seasons...[or] it will continue to be 'E Saala Cup Rehne De'," said Chopra. He added that despite toxic individuals, RCB fans are mostly "brilliant".

Ready to captain England in Tests if Stokes stays injured: Pope.
Batter Ollie Pope said he is ready to captain England in Test cricket if all-rounder Ben Stokes misses out due to long-standing fitness issues. "Fingers crossed his (Stokes') body is all good...I wouldn't try to be him but...I can relay the same messages," said Pope. The 25-year-old added that he has "tried to help out" Stokes wherever he could.

India appeals against WTO ruling on its IT import duties.
India has appealed against a WTO panel's ruling that said the country violated global trading rules with its import duties on certain IT products. The European Union, Japan and Taiwan had filed complaints against these duties in WTO. "India appeals...the Appellate Body to reverse, modify, or declare moot and of no legal effect the findings...of the panel," WTO said.

Meta offers to limit use of ad data over UK competition concerns.
UK's Competition and Markets Authority on Friday said Meta offered to limit its use of other businesses' advertising data for its Facebook Marketplace service to address the regulator's competition concerns. Meta's commitments include advertisers being able to opt out of allowing their data to be used to improve the Facebook Marketplace classified ads platform.

Alibaba denies mass layoff rumours, will hire 15,000 staff this yr.
China's Alibaba Group has denied media reports that it'd conduct mass layoffs and said its six units plan to hire 15,000 employees including 3,000 freshers in total this year. "The movement of talent is what all companies see. At Alibaba, talent is moving in and out normally," the company said. "We've never stopped...recruiting and cultivating outstanding talent," it added.

'9 saal, 9 sawaal': Congress as PM Modi completes 9 yrs in office.
As PM Narendra Modi completed nine years in office, Congress released a booklet titled '9 saal, 9 sawaal'. The party posed nine questions to PM Modi on issues like inflation, unemployment and farmers' income and sought apology from him. "Why are you silent on the atrocities against women, Dalits, SC, ST, OBCs and minorities?" the party asked.

Congress committed corruption in all 5 elements of panchtatva: BJP.
BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad on Friday said that Congress party indulged in corruption in all five elements of the 'panchtatva'. "What should I talk about – Adarsh scam, Bofors scam, 2G scam, Commonwealth, submarine scam or helicopter scam?" the former minister asked. "Congress has opted for four levels of grading for itself: cut, commission, corruption, and Congress," he added.

Swiggy's outgoing CTO Vaz raises $7-10 mn for new startup: Report.
Swiggy's outgoing CTO Dale Vaz, who resigned from his position in April, has reportedly raised $7-10 million from Accel and Elevation Capital for a new startup. According to Moneycontrol, Vaz is developing a wealth-tech startup in stealth mode. Vaz initially joined Swiggy in 2018 as Head of Engineering and Data Science before becoming CTO in 2020.

Jupiter's magnetic field makes its stripes change colours: Study.
Scientists have uncovered a potential explanation for changing colours of Jupiter's stripes. Previous theories attributed the variations to infrared changes beneath Jupiter's surface. However, new research suggests that the oscillations of the waves generated by its magnetic field cause the changes. Its magnetic field aligns with the periods of infrared radiation emitted by its gases, it added.

Mumbai receives light rains, people share pics & videos.
Mumbai witnessed light rainfall for a very brief period on Friday when the minimum temperature was 30.6°C and the humidity settled at 79%. The IMD has said that Mumbai and parts of Maharashtra are likely to witness mostly sunny skies until Sunday. The city has been experiencing rising temperatures for the past few weeks.

UK man runs for cover as e-bike battery explodes; video surfaces.
A video shared by London Fire Brigade (LFB) shows a man running for cover after his e-bike battery exploded into flames. The LFB also warned of the danger of e-bike and e-scooter batteries when charging on their website. It added that they see, on average, at least one such case of fire caused by the e-bike batteries every two days.

DGCA should deregister aircraft: Go First lessors to Delhi HC.
Several Go First aircraft lessors pitched before the Delhi High Court for the deregistration of their planes by DGCA so they could take them back from the bankrupt airline. The lessors submitted before the high court that the denial of deregistration by DGCA is "illegitimate". Several lessors have approached the DGCA for deregistration and repossession of Go First's 45 planes.

He needs a partner, can't hang him over his needs: Ashish Vidyarthi's 1st wife.
Actor Ashish Vidyarthi's first wife Rajoshi Barua, while speaking about his second marriage with Rupali Barua, said, "He needs a partner. We cannot hang a man because of his needs. He has found someone that's a good thing." "In my personal life, I have different needs now. I cannot fill the goal of Mrs Vidyarthi now," she added.

Necklace with Megalodon's tooth found in 111-yr-old Titanic wreck.
A turquoise and gold necklace which features the tooth of a Megalodon shark, which lived approximately 20 million years ago, has been found in the 111-year-old Titanic wreck. The necklace was found during Magellan's underwater scans, which produced seven lakh images of the wreck. Magellan is now hoping to use an AI-driven tool to identify the necklace's owners.

Mann, Mamata & Kejriwal to skip NITI Aayog meet chaired by PM Modi.
Punjab CM Bhagwant Mann, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal have decided to skip NITI Aayog's 8th Governing Council Meeting on Saturday. In a letter addressed to the PM, CM Kejriwal said, "The way democracy has been attacked in the last few years, non-BJP governments are being toppled, broken up or not allowed to work."

One of them failed prelims: UPSC as 2 women with same name claim same rank.
After two Madhya Pradesh women, named Aysha Makrani and Ayasha Fatima, claimed they secured the 184th rank in the UPSC exam 2022, the Union Public Service Commission said Makrani forged documents. "Makrani...failed at the stage of the preliminary examination itself...Ayasha Fatima...is the genuine candidate...securing 184th rank," UPSC said. UPSC is contemplating criminal action against Makrani.

I thought plane was going to explode: Passenger after man opens door mid-air in S Korea.
After a man opened an Asiana Airlines flight's door mid-air in South Korea, a passenger who was on the flight said, "I thought the plane was going to explode...It looked like passengers next to the open door were fainting." The passenger said the cabin crew had made an in-flight announcement asking if there were any doctors on board.

NCLAT gives Jalan Kalrock 3 months to pay dues in Jet Airways case.
Jalan Kalrock Consortium, which had won the bid to acquire bankrupt Jet Airways, has received a 97-day extension from National Company Law Appellate Tribunal to pay dues to SBI as part of the resolution plan. The consortium had moved NCLAT to prevent SBI from invoking its ₹150-crore performance bank guarantee over unpaid dues. Jet Airways' lenders are led by SBI.

We're waiting for right script: Abhishek on working with dad Big B.
Actor Abhishek Bachchan, who has worked with his father Amitabh Bachchan in five films, said the actors are waiting for the right script to work together again. "We both enjoy working with each other. But as actors, we also understand the responsibility towards our audience," Abhishek said. The father-son duo will next share screen in director R Balki's 'Ghoomer'.

SRK is still an outsider, B'wood wants to be seen with him: Manoj.
Actor Manoj Bajpayee, in an interview, said that Shah Rukh Khan is still an outsider in the industry. "Shah Rukh embraced the industry, and that was his journey...He made a place for himself...the real [Bollywood] insiders wanted to be seen with him," Manoj said. "When people think of me as an outsider, I see that as an honour," he added.

CSK wouldn't want to see MI in final: Chris Gayle on GT-MI match.
Ex-RCB opener Chris Gayle, while discussing IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 between MI and GT, said the winning momentum is with the Rohit Sharma-led side. Gayle added, "Is MI going...to the final? If they do, CSK doesn't want to see a team like MI." Rohit Sharma-led MI defeated SRH in their must-win last league-stage match and then LSG in the Eliminator.

David Miller's star on the wane, it's been hurting GT: Chopra.
Former India cricketer Aakash Chopra said Gujarat Titans batter David Miller's "star has been on the wane". "The batting order is generally not topsy-turvy but they (GT) have done that...David Miller's star has been on the wane...that's another development that is hurting Gujarat," said Chopra. He added that Vijay Shankar batted better than captain Hardik Pandya at number three.

Absence of Rajat Patidar exposed RCB's batting: Tom Moody.
Talking about RCB, ex-Australia cricketer Tom Moody said the absence of batter Rajat Patidar "exposed their batting" and put pressure on Virat Kohli, Faf Du Plessis and Glenn Maxwell. "You need more than three batters in your top order striking regularly," Moody stated. Patidar had suffered Achilles Heel injury and was ruled out of IPL 2023 before the tournament began.

Rohit is forcibly trying to hit 4s & 6s off good balls: Sehwag.
Ex-India opener Virender Sehwag has said he's not happy with the way Rohit Sharma has batted in the IPL so far. "What he's doing, is, he's forcibly trying to hit fours and sixes off good deliveries. He's stepping out and getting out. If he...shows patience, it'll reward him," added Sehwag. Rohit has scored two fifties in 15 matches so far.

PV Sindhu reaches semifinals of Malaysia Masters, Srikanth out.
Double Olympic medallist PV Sindhu has reached the semifinals of the Malaysia Masters Super 500 tournament after defeating China's Yi Man Zhang 21-16, 13-21, 22-20 in one hour and 14 minutes. She will face Indonesia's Gregoria Mariska Tunjung on Saturday. Meanwhile, Kidambi Srikanth was knocked out of the tournament after losing against Indonesia's Christian Adinata in the quarterfinals.

Reconsider your decision to boycott: Paswan to Opposition parties.
Lok Janshakti Party (Ram Vilas) leader and Lok Sabha MP Chirag Paswan has written a letter to PM Narendra Modi extending his party’s support for the inauguration of the new Parliament building. He also condemned the boycott plan for the ceremony and urged all 19 opposing parties to reconsider their decision. These parties include Congress, AAP, DMK, among others.

Baron Capital cuts Swiggy's fair value by 10%, 2nd cut since Dec.
US-based asset management company Baron Capital has slashed the fair value of Swiggy in its books by 10%, effectively valuing the company at $6.5 billion as of March 31, 2023. This comes after it cut Swiggy's fair value by 34% as of December 31, 2022. Baron Capital holds about 0.7% stake in Swiggy.

Science came from Vedas, posited as Western knowledge: ISRO head.
ISRO Chairman S Somanath said the principles of science and modern-day discoveries, inventions, theories and concepts are broadly based on Vedic knowledge. "Algebra, square roots, concepts of time, architecture, the structure of the universe, metallurgy and even aviation were first found in the Vedas," he said. He added that these principles have, however, been repackaged as Western discoveries.

Woman who lost arm in accident at the age of 5 clears UPSC exam.
Akhila BS, who lost her right arm in a bus accident at the age of five, has cleared the UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022 by securing AIR 760. Akhila, a resident of Kerala's Thiruvananthapuram, stated she will not get her dream job of being an IAS officer with this rank and will again give the exam to achieve her target.

Over 18 lakh houses sanctioned under PMAY-G in Assam: Minister.
More than 18 lakh houses under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana - Gramin (PMAY-G) have been sanctioned in Assam so far, the state's Panchayat and Rural Development (P&RD) Minister Ranjeet Kumar Dass said on Friday. The construction of over 11 lakh of these houses has been completed, and the remaining are targeted to be completed by August 15, 2023, he added.

11-yr-old boy dies, 27 injured as bus hits truck in Greater Noida.
An 11-year-old boy was killed and 27 other passengers were injured after a Bihar-bound bus collided with a truck in Greater Noida on Friday. The bus crashed into the Haryana-registered truck on the Eastern Peripheral Expressway. The injured persons have been admitted to a hospital, a police official said.

Pak man praises India after Sydney's Harbour lit up in Tricolour.
A Pakistani national's video reacting to India's National Flag in Sydney has gone viral. The man said, "[India's] flag has been lit up on Sydney's most famous Harbour Bridge. And we compare this with us. For God's sake, think about Pakistan." Notably, Sydney Harbour and Opera House were lit up in Tricolour during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia.

Man declared innocent after 33 years in US prison.
A man who spent 33 years in US prison for attempted murder has been declared innocent and freed after it emerged that he was not even at the scene of the attack. Daniel Saldana, now 55, was convicted in 1990 of opening fire on a car containing six high school students. Two teens were injured in the attack.

Zelenskyy gets standing ovation after speech at Johns Hopkins Univ.
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy received a standing ovation after he delivered a surprise speech at Johns Hopkins University via live stream on Thursday. While addressing graduates, Zelenskyy said, "[Time] is the most valuable resource on the planet, not oil or uranium, not lithium or anything else." He further praised the United States for its support of Ukraine amid Russia's invasion.

Amsterdam's red light district bans smoking marijuana on streets.
Amsterdam's red light district has implemented a ban on smoking marijuana on the streets as an effort to clean up the area. The district, known for its brothels, sex clubs, and cannabis cafes, attracts several tourists, often causing inconvenience to residents. Signs have been posted in the area, and those caught violating the ban would face a fine of €100.

Man joins VIP convoy, hugs German Chancellor Scholz; probe on.
A man was able to slip into a VIP convoy for German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and then gave him a hug as he prepared to board a plane at Frankfurt Airport. German police said the man was detained but they declined to provide further details "for tactical reasons". An investigation into the security breach has been launched, police added.

Last 6 months have been difficult for my sons to handle: Khan.
Former Pakistan PM Imran Khan said the last six months have been "difficult to handle" for his two sons living in the UK with his ex-wife Jemima Goldsmith. "They're worried because there was an assassination attempt on me...[and then there's also] the fear....[of me] being put into jail," he added. Khan survived an assassination attempt in November last year.

French tyre maker Michelin sells its activities in Russia.
French tyre maker Michelin said it was selling its Russia Tyre Manufacturing Company and Camso CIS in Russia to Power International Tires, a tyre distributor in the country. The deal will keep 250 jobs, mainly based at Michelin's sole Russian plant in Davydovo. Michelin said those employees who wished to leave would be allowed to do so "under good conditions".

Goldman Sachs hikes India's 2023 GDP forecast to 6.3%.
Goldman Sachs increased the Indian economic growth forecast by 30 basis points for 2023, citing a boost in net exports. The GDP growth forecast was raised to 6.3% year-on-year for the calendar year 2023 from the 6% it predicted earlier. Goldman Sachs expects a pick-up in government expenditure in the second half of FY24 before the general elections in 2024.

Rohit is underrated as captain in IPL, doesn't get credit unlike MS Dhoni: Gavaskar.
Former India captain Sunil Gavaskar has said that MI skipper Rohit Sharma is underrated as captain in IPL, adding that he doesn't get credit unlike MS Dhoni. Referring to pacer Akash Madhwal dismissing LSG's Nicholas Pooran bowling from round the wicket in IPL 2023 Eliminator, Gavaskar said, "If that had been CSK...Everybody would have said, 'Dhoni plotted Nicholas Pooran's dismissal'."

DMK workers clash with officials amid raids linked to TN Minister.
Clash broke out between DMK workers and IT officials during income tax department raids at multiple locations linked to Tamil Nadu Electricity, Prohibition and Excise Minister V Senthil Balaji on Friday. Supporters of Tamil Nadu minister Senthil Balaji vandalised a car in Karur district. The search operation began early Friday morning in locations including Chennai and Coimbatore, reports said.

Policeman killed Odisha ex-minister Das over personal grudge: Police.
A 543-page chargesheet filed by Odisha Police on Friday has attributed former Odisha Health Minister Naba Das' murder to the "personal grudge and anguish" the accused policeman Gopal Das had against him. "[Gopal] felt threatened from the slain minister and his supporters and feared for his life," the chargesheet read. It added that Gopal committed the crime "in his senses".

6-yr-old thrown off school rooftop for not doing homework in Bihar.
A six-year-old boy was critically injured after he was thrown from the rooftop of a private school by a teacher for not completing his homework in Bihar's East Champaran district, police said on Friday. The accused teacher has been arrested by police. "He bore stick marks on his body," the boy's uncle said, adding that his nephew was tortured.

Officer pumps out 21 lakh litres of water after his phone falls in Chhattisgarh reservoir.
Food officer Rajesh Vishwas in Chhattisgarh's Kanker district has been suspended after he allegedly got 21 lakh litres of water drained from a reservoir to recover his ₹1 lakh phone that had fallen into it. "I called the SDO and requested him to allow me to drain some water...He said it was not an issue," Vishwas said.

350 kg drugs worth ₹1,500 crore destroyed by Mumbai Customs.
Mumbai Customs Department destroyed 350 kg of drugs worth nearly ₹1,500 crore at the Mumbai Waste Management Limited in Taloja. It included nine kg of high-purity cocaine and 198 kg of methamphetamine which were seized by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence in Vashi in October 2022, officials said. Besides this, 32.9 kg of marijuana or ganja was also destroyed.

2 teachers beat up headmistress in Bihar school, video goes viral.
A video showing two teachers beating up the headmistress of a school reportedly over shutting of windows in a classroom in Bihta of Bihar's Patna surfaced online. The clip shows one teacher beating her with a slipper. Block Education Officer said an argument broke out between the two teachers over personal enmity. A clarification has been sought, the officer said.

1,700 IndiGo employees at Mumbai airport go on strike claiming harassment by authorities.
Around 1,700 IndiGo employees at Mumbai airport have gone on strike, claiming harassment by airport authorities. In a statement, IndiGo said it's aware of the matter, adding that a dialogue between the management and the staff is underway. As per reports, both BJP and Uddhav Thackeray-led Shiv Sena faction want to control IndiGo's employees' union, which led to the strike.

Passenger opens door of flight mid-air in S Korea; video shows strong winds entering plane.
A passenger of Asiana Airlines flight carrying around 200 people in South Korea was arrested for opening the emergency exit door while the plane was 650 feet above the ground. A video of the incident shows passengers struggling as strong winds entered the plane. Some people were reportedly taken to hospital after the landing.

Imran Khan thanks Pakistan govt for putting him on no-fly list.
Pakistan's former PM Imran Khan on Friday thanked Pakistan government for putting him on no-fly list. "I have no plans to travel abroad...I neither have...properties or businesses abroad nor...bank account outside the country," he tweeted. "If and when I do get an opportunity for a holiday, it'll be in our northern mountains, my favourite place on Earth," Khan added.

TV actor Karan Vohra and wife expecting twins, share video.
Television actor Karan Vohra took to Instagram to announce that he and his wife Bella Handa Vohra are expecting twins. The couple will welcome the twins in June. Sharing a video showing glimpses of the baby shower celebration, which was held in Delhi, the actor wrote, "Just before the shower." The couple got married in 2012.

H'wood stunt director Andy Long joins Adah, Vidyut's Commando 4.
'The Kerala Story' actress Adah Sharma in an interview revealed that Hollywood stunt director Andy Long has joined the team of her upcoming film 'Commando 4', which will also feature Vidyut Jammwal. "The action is...going to be quite cool, they're using different objects as weapons," she added. Andy has previously worked in films like 'Hitman: Agent 47' and 'Dragon Blade'.

Sunny, Ameesha's 'Gadar' to re-release in theatres on June 9.
Sunny Deol and Ameesha Patel-starrer 'Gadar: Ek Prem Katha', which was first released in June 2001, is set to re-release in theatres on June 9, two months ahead of its sequel's release. The sequel, titled 'Gadar 2', will arrive in theatres on August 11. Sunny and Ameesha will reprise their roles as Tara Singh and Sakeena in the sequel.

Kajol recalls shooting in -27°C in chiffon suit for 'Fanaa' song.
Kajol took to Instagram to share the experience of shooting her 2006 film Fanaa's song 'Mere Haath Mein' in -27°C in Poland. "I was wearing a thin chiffon salwar kameez on...frozen lake...Aamir Khan on the other hand had bought himself a nice thick jacket...just for the shoot," she wrote. Kajol added the song was scrapped and re-shot in Mumbai.

GT slipped against CSK but still IPL 2023's best side: MI's Green.
Mumbai Indians all-rounder Cameron Green said the team would go in with "all optimism" against Gujarat Titans during the IPL 2023 second qualifier. "They (GT) have been the best side all tournament, maybe a bit of slip up against CSK but they are the best side," said Green. He added that GT's "opening batters are flying".

We don't get shaken up, we shake up challenges: Vijay on MI game.
GT all-rounder Vijay Shankar, in a video shared by the franchise, said the Qualifier 2 against MI is like a "do or die kind of a challenge" for them. He added, "[But] we don't get shaken by such challenges, we shake up the challenges." GT finished league stage at the top of the table but lost Qualifier 1 to CSK.

PM didn't meet wrestlers despite being less than 4 km away: Khera.
Reacting to the standoff between protesting wrestlers and the Centre, Congress leader Pawan Khera said that it's unfortunate that PM Narendra Modi, who lives less than four kilometres away from the protest site, hasn’t even met them. He added, "Every…Indian is supporting the wrestlers' protest…Priyanka Gandhi went there and spent some time...[There is] no iota of sensitivity in BJP."

Parties boycotting not committed: Nadda on Parliament inauguration.
BJP National President JP Nadda criticised Opposition parties that have announced to boycott the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament building, saying that these parties lack commitment to democracy because their sole aim is to perpetuate a select group of dynasties. He added, "[They] are unable to digest...that...India has placed its faith in a man hailing from a humble background."

Will ban abortion if elected: Republican US Prez candidate Haley.
Indian-American Republican Presidential candidate Nikki Haley has promised to enact a nationwide abortion ban if elected. She, however, added that passing such a ban would require more Republicans in the US Congress. "It'd take...60 senators and a President to sign it," she said. During her tenure as South Carolina Governor, Haley signed a ban on abortions after 20 weeks.

There's limit to politicising: Jaishankar on new Parliament row.
External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar on Friday spoke about the decision of several Opposition parties to boycott the inauguration of the new Parliament building. "The inauguration of the new building of Parliament is a festival of democracy...There's a limit to politicising anything," he said. The parties have said the inauguration should be done by President and not the PM.

Leopard beaten to death with sticks and stones by villagers in MP.
A leopard was allegedly beaten to death with sticks and stones by villagers in Madhya Pradesh's Khargone district. The incident occurred after the animal, estimated to be three to four years old, attacked and injured a man on his way to a farm, said a forest official. Bloodstains were found on the leopard's face and body, added the official.

Daughter gets 60-yr-old father having an affair killed in Nagpur.
A differently-abled woman allegedly hired contract killers to get her 60-year-old father killed in Maharashtra's Nagpur. The man was stabbed to death by three bike-borne suspects at a petrol pump that he owned. During investigation, police found out that he had an extramarital affair and his daughter feared that he might transfer all his wealth to that woman.

Video shows people buying essentials as curfew briefly relaxed in Manipur.
A video showing local residents in Manipur buying essential items following a brief relaxation in curfew has surfaced online. Authorities in the violence-hit state had relaxed curfew in Imphal West and Imphal East districts for seven hours citing an improvement in the situation. The curfew was lifted from 5 am to 12 pm on Friday.

Just Stop Oil protesters throw paint over flower show garden in UK.
Just Stop Oil protesters have thrown orange paint over a garden at the Chelsea Flower Show in London and a video of the same has surfaced online. Police said three people were arrested at the scene on suspicion of criminal damage, adding that "enquiries are ongoing". The group is campaigning to end all new fossil fuel projects in the UK.

Convicted of prostitution, man executed publicly in Iran: Reports.
A man convicted of prostitution was executed publicly in Iran on Thursday, reports stated. According to the prosecutor Mahmoud Nemati, the man was convicted of "corruption in the world, due to the spread of prostitution and deception of women and girls and making films of them". He was arrested in 1995 and imprisoned in Maragheh.

NCLAT sets aside NCLT order to BSE, NSE on Zee-Sony merger.
National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) on Friday set aside National Company Law Tribunal's (NCLT) order directing BSE and NSE to review their initial approvals for the Zee-Sony merger. NCLAT remanded the case back to NCLT to decide on the issue after hearing both sides. Following the order, Zee's stock rose 7.86% to hit a high of ₹192.80/piece on BSE.

Global economy very uncertain, financial literacy needed: CEA.
Chief Economic Adviser V Anantha Nageswaran said the global economy is uncertain and in order to have a competitive economy, the financial sector needs to invest in financial literacy. "There are not only known unknowns, but also large unknown unknowns," Nageswaran said, adding that it is important to invest in in-house research for better economic forecasting and risk management.

He never cheated, he has been an amazing partner: Ashish Vidyarthi's 1st wife Rajoshi.
Actor Ashish Vidyarthi's first wife, actress Rajoshi Barua, said they've remained friends after filing for divorce in October last year. "These 22 years were...best part of my life...He has been an amazing partner," she said. "I'm going bonkers with the interpretation people are having...Ashish never cheated on me," Rajoshi added. Ashish got married for the second time on Thursday.

Actor missing for 4 months found dead in buried wooden box in Brazil.
A Brazilian actor who went missing on January 27 has been found dead inside a wooden box. Jefferson "Jeff" Machado da Costa, who was found buried at a property in Rio de Janeiro, was identified through fingerprint analysis at the Institute of Forensic Medicine. The property belongs to a woman who has already been interviewed by Missing Persons Unit.

Chaos breaks out at Narendra Modi Stadium for IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 tickets, pics surface.
Chaos broke out among fans standing in queues at the ticket collection station of Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad to collect printed tickets for IPL 2023 Qualifier 2. Long queues triggered the chaos and fans could be seen jostling with each other. As per rules, even after booking tickets online, customers must collect their physical tickets from the stadium.

Bogus, no evidence: Congress on 'Sengol being a symbol of power transfer' claim.
Congress leader Jairam Ramesh on Friday contradicted BJP's claim on the golden sceptre 'Sengol'. He said there's no documented evidence of Lord Mountbatten, C Rajagopalachari and Jawaharlal Nehru describing it as a symbol of power transfer from British to India in 1947. He called the narrative bogus and said it was manufactured by a few and dispersed into WhatsApp.

How did the PMO come to know about Sengol that will be placed in new Parliament?.
The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) came to know about Sengol, which is to be placed in the new Parliament, in 2021 when classical dancer Padma Subrahmanyam wrote a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Subrahmanyam translated a Tamil article on it and emphasised that the significance of the Sengol should be widely publicised.

TN BJP functionary objects to doctor wearing hijab while on duty.
Tamil Nadu Police booked a BJP functionary for objecting to a female doctor wearing hijab while on duty and taking her video. The accused is currently absconding and special police teams have been formed to arrest him. "Aren't you on duty? Where's your uniform? I'm not sure if you're a doctor," the man was purportedly heard saying in a video.

PepsiCo bottler Varun Beverages now India's 4th-largest FMCG firm.
Varun Beverages, PepsiCo's India franchise bottler, became India's fourth-largest FMCG firm on Friday after overtaking Britannia Industries in market capitalisation. As of Friday, Varun Beverages has a market capitalisation of ₹1.11 lakh crore, which is ₹25 crore more than Britannia's. It's now just behind Hindustan Unilever, ITC and Nestle India on India's most-valued FMCG companies' list.

Said no to doing OTT shows which I can't watch with daughter: Juhi.
Actress Juhi Parmar said she declined to do projects which she cannot watch with her parents and 10-year-old daughter. Calling it a "conscious decision", Juhi said, "I don't want to tell them that 'don't watch it or skip that scene'." "I have been offered numerous [OTT] projects but I have said no to every one of them," Juhi added.

We were children: Raveena on not bonding with Karisma on set.
Raveena Tandon opened up about her relationship with Karisma Kapoor, with whom she wasn't on talking terms during the shoot of 'Andaz Apna Apna'. "You can't get along with everyone, right? And today, I'm glad to say...Karisma and I were children," she said. "Maybe, we went through our slight complexes at that time but today...we hang out together," said Raveena.

Rashid is from a different league, GT lucky to have him: Harbhajan.
Talking about GT's Rashid Khan, ex-India cricketer Harbhajan Singh said he is a player "from a different league" and GT are "exceptionally lucky" to have him. "He's picking up wickets in heaps, he's scoring runs, he's a gun fielder, and he led GT whenever captain Hardik wasn't available," Singh stated. Khan has taken 25 wickets in IPL 2023 so far.

Rohit told Akash 'Tu jaa aur bindaas express kar': Coach Manish.
Uttarakhand Ranji team coach Manish Kumar Jha, who has worked closely with MI pacer Akash Madhwal, has revealed a chat he had with the latter over his performance. Manish said Akash told him that 60-70% credit for his performance should go to Rohit Sharma. "Akash said, 'Rohit bhaiya boltha hai, tu jaa aur bindaas apne aapko express kar'," recalled Manish.

Shanaka hasn't lived up to even 1% of those expectations: Sehwag.
Former India opener Virender Sehwag has suggested that GT should drop Dasun Shanaka from their playing XI in Qualifier 2 against MI today. "Shanaka has been disappointing. We had big hopes from him and he hasn't lived up to even 1 per cent of those expectations," stated Sehwag. Shanaka scored 17 off 16 in GT's Qualifier 1 against CSK.

Erik ten Hag has done 10-season job in 1 at Man Utd: Neville.
Former Manchester United defender Gary Neville, while talking about Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag, said he has done a 10-season job in one. "To deal with [Cristiano] Ronaldo the way he did, Harry Maguire has not been an easy situation," Neville stated. Manchester United have qualified for next season’s Champions League after beating Chelsea 4-1 on Thursday.

OpenAI offers ₹8.26 crore in grants for ideas on AI governance.
ChatGPT maker OpenAI on Thursday announced a grant program worth $1 million (₹8.26 crore) for experiments that will help in "setting up a democratic process for deciding what rules AI systems should follow". The company would award 10 grants worth $100,000 each under the initiative. AI's behaviour "should be shaped by diverse perspectives reflecting the public interest", OpenAI said.

ChatGPT iOS app launched in over 30 countries, including India.
OpenAI on Twitter announced it has launched the ChatGPT app for iOS users in more than 30 countries including India, Pakistan, Japan, Canada, Brazil, Mauritius, Mexico and Costa Rica. This comes days after the app was first rolled out to iOS users in the US. An Android version of the app would be introduced soon, the company said last week.

Tipster on Ericsson won US' record $279mn whistleblower award: WSJ.
The largest-ever whistleblower award by US' Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), worth $279 million, which was issued earlier this month, was reportedly given to a tipster on Ericsson. As per WSJ, the award was related to the $1.1-billion settlement Ericsson reached with US authorities in 2019 for allegedly conspiring to make illegal payments to win business in five countries.

His bail isn't different from jail: Manoj Tiwari on Satyendar Jain.
After the Supreme Court granted former Delhi Minister Satyendar Jain six-week interim bail on medical grounds, BJP leader Manoj Tiwari said, "He is still in jail. His bail is not different from jail." "The court took this decision only because of his health and we don't oppose the medical treatment of an ill person," Tiwari added.

'Self-styled cheetah-premi' silent on demise of 3 cubs: Jairam.
After three cheetah cubs died at Kuno National Park, Congress leader Jairam Ramesh criticised the Centre, saying that "self-styled cheetah-premi" is silent on their demise. He added, "Till now, three adult cheetahs and three cubs are dead...And yet, not a word of anguish, nor any concrete action." Forest officials claimed that two cubs died due to "extreme weather conditions".

We are not Congress' slaves: JD(S) on attending Parliament opening.
JD(S) leader HD Kumaraswamy defended his party's decision to participate in the inauguration of the new Parliament building and criticised Congress for boycotting the event. "We are not slaves of Congress and will take our own decision. Why do we need to follow Congress?" asked Kumaraswamy. "Will they [Congress] not attend Parliament sessions in future?" he questioned.

Indian jailed for 30 months for cheating S'pore firm of ₹31 crore.
An Indian national has been jailed for 30 months for cheating Singapore-based construction firm Utracon Structural Systems of SGD 5.1 million (around ₹31 crore). The 47-year-old man told investigators he cheated the firm to help cover his parents' household expenses in India. He also confessed to setting up a fake firm solely to embezzle funds from Utracon.

Cambodian killed by 40 crocodiles after falling in their enclosure.
A 72-year-old man was killed by about 40 crocodiles after he fell into their enclosure on his family's reptile farm, police said. He was trying to move a crocodile out of a cage where it'd laid eggs when it grabbed the stick he was using and pulled him in. The reptiles then attacked him and tore his body into pieces.

UK animal rights protesters steal lambs from King Charles' estate.
Three activists from vegan campaign group Animal Rising claimed that they broke into UK King Charles III's Sandringham Estate in Norfolk and "rescued" three lambs. The group shared a video of the women rescuing the lambs, which it claims "would have otherwise...been sent for slaughter". The women reportedly handed themselves to police after claiming that the animals' safety was secured.

US boy calls 911 to report domestic violence, gets shot by police.
An 11-year-old boy in Mississippi was shot by police after calling 911 to report domestic violence. According to his mother, the boy called police when an 'irate' father of another of her children arrived at their home. When police arrived, they asked everyone to come outside, and as the boy emerged from the hallway, he got shot by the officer.

China's first driverless sky train begins trial, video surfaces.
The Chinese city of Wuhan has initiated the testing of driverless sky train in its hi-tech park. This suspended monorail has a top speed of 60 kmph. It's the country's first commercial sky train and is expected to open to the public later this year. Once operational, the Guanggu train will have the capacity to carry up to 200 passengers.

We expect CPCB-IV prices to be higher by 20-50%: Cummins India MD.
Generator maker Cummins India's MD Ashwath Ram said he expects generators produced according to CPCB-IV emission norms to be 20-50% costlier. Since Cummins India will stop manufacturing generators built not according to CPCB-IV norms from June 30, "distributors are trying to purchase as many products as we can produce", Ram said. We'll gradually ramp-up CPCB-IV production, he added.

Climate activists clash with police ahead of TotalEnergies' AGM.
French police used tear gas and pepper spray against hundreds of climate activists seeking to block shareholders from accessing oil major TotalEnergies' annual shareholder meeting (AGM) on Friday. Climate activists are intensifying demands on oil firms for tougher targets on greenhouse gas emissions. Earlier, protesters tried to disturb Shell's meeting and also disrupted BP's AGM last month.

Adani short-selling move will probably be probed: GQG's Rajiv Jain.
GQG Partners' Founder Rajiv Jain said he believes short-selling of Adani Group firms' shares in January will "probably be investigated". "When you're rattling a cage, like what happened in this case, there are real business implications. So I do feel that this probably will be investigated. And I won't be surprised if some banks...lose access to India," Jain said.

Satyendar can't leave Delhi without permission or speak to media: SC on bail.
As it granted interim bail on medical grounds to former Delhi Minister and AAP leader Satyendar Jain for six weeks, the Supreme Court underlined that he cannot leave Delhi without permission or speak to the media. It was argued that he lost 35 kgs. SC also said that relevant papers on his treatment should be produced before it.

Bengal Police serves notice to 'The Diary of West Bengal' director.
The West Bengal Police served a notice to the director of 'The Diary of West Bengal' movie Sanoj Mishra and called him for questioning on May 30 at the Amherst Street Police Station. The police alleged he is trying to defame the state. An FIR has also been lodged regarding the film, which is produced by Jitendra Narayan Singh Tyagi.

Kangana reacts to girl wearing shorts at temple, says 'I wore shorts to Vatican, wasn't allowed in'.
Kangana Ranaut reacted to a Twitter user's post showing a girl in shorts at Baijnath Temple and wrote, "These are western clothes, invented...by white people." The actress said that "such people are clowns and fools". "I was once at Vatican wearing shorts...I wasn’t even allowed in the premises, I had to go back to my hotel and change," she added.

Video shows Kailash Kher getting angry at Khelo India event, says 'learn manners'.
A video showing singer Kailash Kher losing his cool at Khelo India University Games event in Uttar Pradesh's Lucknow has surfaced online. "You're acting over-smart, but you should learn manners first. You made me wait for an hour...What is this Khelo India...You don't even know your jobs," Kher could be heard telling the organisers.

Total prize money for World Test Championship announced.
The ICC announced the prize pot for World Test Championship 2021-23 cycle, with a total purse of $3.8 million to be shared between the nine teams. The winners will take home $1.6 million, while the runners-up will pocket $800,000. South Africa will get $450,000 for finishing third. England will get $350,000 for finishing fourth. Fifth-placed Sri Lanka will get $200,000.

Rahul allowed to get new passport, court says ‘for 3 not 10 yrs’.
Delhi's Rouse Avenue Court on Friday granted no objection to the issuance of an ordinary passport to Congress leader Rahul Gandhi for three years. Rahul, who surrendered his diplomatic passport after disqualification from Parliament, had sought NOC for 10 years. Former MP Subramanian Swamy objected to his plea, saying his travel may affect the probe in the National Herald case.

Plea seeking Parliament's inauguration by Prez dismissed by SC.
The Supreme Court on Friday refused to entertain a PIL that sought a direction that the new Parliament building should be inaugurated by President Droupadi Murmu. As the petitioner said the President addresses the Parliament, SC asked how inauguration and address are related. "We don't understand why you come up with such petitions...Be grateful we aren't imposing costs," SC remarked.

Maid pees in bucket while mopping floor at Greater Noida apartment; held after video surfaces.
Domestic help named Sabeena Khatun was arrested by police in Greater Noida's Ajnara Homes Society after a video of her urinating into a bucket of water while mopping an apartment floor surfaced. She failed to provide any reasonable justification or explanation for the act during police interrogation, according to reports.

80 Tihar Jail police officials transferred in Tajpuria murder case.
As many as 80 police officials of Tihar Jail have been transferred in connection with the murder of gangster Tillu Tajpuria in the jail. Those who have been transferred include five Deputy Superintendents, nine Assistant Superintendents, eight head wardens and 50 wardens, jail officials said. The Delhi High Court on Thursday questioned the security arrangements made by the jail administration.

Indian-origin man gets jailed in UK's biggest 'carousel' tax scam.
An Indian-origin mastermind of a fake designer clothing scam was jailed for 20 years in one of the UK's biggest 'carousel' tax frauds. Arif Patel tried stealing £97 million through VAT repayment claims on false exports and also sold counterfeit clothes that would've been worth £50 million if genuine. The scam unravelled when containers of fake designer clothing were found.

Female tourist arrested as she strips naked & enters Hindu temple in Bali; video surfaces.
A 28-year-old female German tourist was arrested in Indonesia's Bali after she stripped naked and entered a Hindu temple. A video of the incident showed the woman walking past a group of dancers performing at the temple and forcing open a large gilded door. She reportedly did this after being denied ticket for the performance.

Ex-Pakistan PM Imran, wife barred from leaving the country: Report.
Pakistan's government has put ex-PM Imran Khan and his wife Bushra Bibi on a no-fly list, barring them from leaving the country, a report said. Along with them, at least 80 members of Khan's party PTI were put on the list. Notably, Khan and several PTI leaders are facing cases following the violence after he was arrested on May 9.

Anil Kapoor touches my feet so that people think I'm older: Jackie.
While talking about playing Anil Kapoor's elder brother in several films despite being younger than him, Jackie Shroff said that he never minded that. "Anil...makes sure to touch my feet, so that people also think that I'm the older one," Jackie joked. "He's a little slender...I'm heavier, which is why I always come across as the elder brother," he added.

Doctors confirmed seat belt marks around Vaibhavi's neck: Brother.
Vaibhavi Upadhyaya's brother Ankit Upadhyaya said the late actress was wearing a seat belt when her car met with an accident in Himachal Pradesh. "She was always cautious and would never sit in a car without...seat belt...The doctors also confirmed how there were seat belt marks around her neck," Ankit said. Vaibhavi's fiance Jai Gandhi was driving the car.

Rashid vs Suryakumar is the contest to look forward to: Manjrekar.
Talking about IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 between GT and MI, commentator Sanjay Manjrekar said the contest between Rashid Khan and Suryakumar Yadav will be the one to look forward to. "On very few occasions...you get to witness the world's best T20 batter taking on the best T20 bowler," stated Manjrekar. "It'll be difficult to make a prediction," he added.

40% of pollution by transport sector, need greener fuel: Gadkari.
The transport sector contributes to 40% of the air pollution in the country, with 90% of this contribution coming from the road transport sector, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari said on Thursday. "As the transport minister, actually I am responsible for that," Gadkari stated, adding that the industry needs to develop greener fuel alternatives to reduce the problem.

JPMorgan may make AI-based investment advisor, applies trademark.
JPMorgan Chase & Co has applied to trademark a product called IndexGPT, indicating that it may be working on developing a ChatGPT-like chatbot that gives investment advice. IndexGPT will tap in to "cloud computing software" for "analysing and selecting securities tailored to customer needs", according to JPMorgan's filing. Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have reportedly begun testing IndexGPT.

OpenAI CEO reverses threat, says 'Have no plans to leave Europe'.
ChatGPT maker OpenAI's CEO Sam Altman on Friday said the company has no plans to leave Europe and is "excited to continue to operate here". His comment comes after he said earlier this week that OpenAI might leave the region if it becomes too hard to comply with EU's upcoming laws on AI. His threat was criticised by EU lawmakers.

Congress reduced 'Sengol' to 'walking stick': Amit Shah.
Amid the ongoing controversy over the "Sengol", which is to be placed in the new Parliament building, Union Home Minister Amit Shah accused the Congress of reducing the sceptre to a "walking stick". He added, "Why does the Congress...hate Indian traditions and culture so much? Congress is calling the Adheenam's history as bogus! Congress needs to reflect on their behaviour."

K'taka CM, Shivakumar hold talks with Kharge on Cabinet expansion.
In order to expand Karnataka's Cabinet, CM Siddaramaiah and Deputy CM DK Shivakumar held a series of meetings in Delhi on Thursday. The duo met Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge separately at his residence. The duo had also met leaders Randeep Surjewala and KC Venugopal. According to reports, a total of 24 ministers will take oath on Saturday.

Search startup by IITians, Neeva, acquired by US-based Snowflake.
US-based cloud data warehousing firm Snowflake announced it has acquired Neeva, a search engine started by two IITians after leaving their jobs at Google. Snowflake Co-founder Benoit Dageville said the company plans to infuse Neeva's AI-driven search technology across its data cloud services. Individuals from Neeva's leadership and other team members will now join Snowflake, he added.

18-year-old Hyderabad girl dies by suicide at boyfriend's house.
An 18-year-old girl ended her life at her boyfriend's residence on the outskirts of Hyderabad. The girl had a heated argument with her boyfriend and his mother. After which, she went inside a room, locked it and hanged herself. The couple had even made plans to get married in the near future, however, the boy's mother was against the plan.

Complaint filed against HDFC Bank over bonds causing $2 lakh loss.
A 47-year-old man named Pankaj Sinha has filed a police complaint in Gurugram against HDFC Bank for mis-selling him AT-1 bonds from Credit Suisse and Standard Chartered without providing adequate details about involved risks. Sinha said the mis-selling cost him over $2-lakh loss. Sinha claimed a relationship manager in Gurugram had asked him to open an offshore account in 2021.

3 leaders quit Imran Khan's party in 24 hours, condemn May 9 riots.
Three more leaders of ex-Pakistan PM Imran Khan's party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) on Thursday announced their exit from the party. Announcing her "dissociation" from the party, Maleeka Bokhari said, "I condemn the [May 9] events. For every Pakistani, [those] events...are very painful." Reportedly, several leaders have quit PTI following the May 9 riots, which erupted following Khan's arrest.

Man arrested for killing 4 people in gun & knife attack in Japan.
Police on Friday apprehended a 31-year-old man who had holed up in a house after reportedly killing four people, including two police officers, in a gun and knife attack in central Japan. The man, who is the son of a local politician, was arrested after a 12-hour stand-off with police, reports said. The motive behind the attack is yet unknown.

Matter of time before Sensex touches 1-lakh mark: Jefferies' Wood.
Investment banking firm Jefferies' Global Head of Equity Strategy Chris Wood said he believes it is only a matter of time before Sensex hits the one-lakh mark. He said that like all long-term bull markets, the Indian stock market will continue to climb the "proverbial wall of worry". "One obvious worry...will be [if]...PM Narendra Modi will be re-elected," Wood said.

AAP's Satyendar Jain granted 6-week interim bail on medical grounds by SC.
The Supreme Court on Friday granted interim bail for six weeks to AAP leader and former Delhi Minister Satyendar Jain on medical grounds. He can't leave Delhi without permission and cannot make any statement before media, SC said. Jain, who was arrested in connection to a money laundering case, was hospitalised after he fell inside a bathroom in Tihar Jail.

Salman's security pushes aside Vicky Kaushal as he talks with actor at IIFA event.
Salman Khan's security was seen pushing aside Vicky Kaushal as he was talking to the actor at an IIFA 2023 event. While several social media users criticised the security personnel for pushing aside Vicky, others defended Salman for having massive security amid the threats that have been made against him recently.

New pictures from 57-year-old actor Ashish Vidyarthi's wedding surface online.
Several pictures from actor Ashish Vidyarthi's wedding with fashion entrepreneur Rupali Barua have surfaced online. The 57-year-old actor got married to Rupali on Thursday in an intimate registry wedding. "We had a court marriage in the morning, followed by a get-together in the evening," Vidyarthi told The Times of India.

Twitter engineering head resigns day after DeSantis' Spaces glitch.
Foad Dabiri announced he's quitting as Twitter's head of engineering a day after Florida Governor Ron DeSantis' 2024 US presidential bid announcement on Twitter Spaces faced glitches. Without detailing reason for resigning, he said, "During my time at Twitter, I experienced two...eras: pre and post [acquisition by Elon Musk]...To say [post acquisition] was challenging...would be understatement."

Amazon delays issuance of job offer letters to IIT, NIT graduates: Report.
Amazon has reportedly put on hold the issuance of job offer letters to campus recruits from IITs and NITs. An IITian from Bombay who was hired by Amazon for the post of Software Development Engineer confirmed the development. "My offer letter has been deferred until January, instead of the originally planned June commencement," the IITian said.

Union Minister Rajkumar Ranjan Singh's house attacked in Manipur.
The house of Minister of State for External Affairs and Education Rajkumar Ranjan Singh in Manipur's Imphal was attacked on Thursday night. The attackers reportedly tried entering the house. "They seemed to have come prepared for burning the house...They are angry over the death of a Meitei man in Bishnupur," an eyewitness said. Meanwhile, Singh called the attack politically motivated.

Kejriwal seeks Kharge & Rahul's support against Centre's ordinance.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal sought a meeting with Congress chief Mallikarjun Kharge and Congress leader Rahul Gandhi. He tweeted that he is seeking Congress' support against the Centre's ordinance on the Delhi services matter. Notably, Congress' Pawan Khera had said Kejriwal is the only Delhi CM who wants full powers to function and is blaming external factors for his failure.

Ashneer Grover deletes posts against BharatPe, says 'Want to get out of gutter'.
Ashneer Grover's lawyer said in Delhi High Court that the former BharatPe MD had deleted social media posts against the company as he "wants to get out of gutter". Earlier, Delhi HC had said that if Grover and BharatPe had both decided to enter the gutter, they should remain there, referring to disrespectful language used by the parties.

Hundreds of passengers going to Vietnam stranded at Mumbai airport for over 10 hrs.
Hundreds of passengers of a VietJet flight to Vietnam have been stranded at Mumbai airport for over 10 hours. Passengers took to social media to complain about the delay. The airline has said that the flight has been rescheduled to 8:30pm, adding, "Passengers on affected flights are being supported under the carrier's policy, including hotels, food, drinks and other supports."

32-yr-old woman kidnapped 17 years ago found living in Delhi.
A 32-year-old woman who was kidnapped 17 years ago was found living in a rented accommodation in Gokulpuri in Delhi, police said. The woman said that she had been residing with a person named Deepak in Uttar Pradesh's Ballia but left him in lockdown after some dispute and moved to Delhi.

Man wanted to kill Queen Elizabeth during US tour in 1983: FBI.
Newly released FBI documents have revealed that UK's Queen Elizabeth II faced a potential assassination threat during her visit to the US in 1983. A man, whose daughter was killed in Northern Ireland, allegedly wanted to kill Queen Elizabeth II at Yosemite National Park. The assassination threat was made to a police officer in San Francisco, reports stated.

Fungus seen in Amul Lassi packs in viral video, company issues clarification.
Amul has issued a clarification after a video showing fungus in multiple tetra packs of Amul Lassi went viral on social media. "We notice in the video that the packs are damaged from the straw hole area. It can also be seen...that liquid is leaking from this hole. The fungus development in packs...are due to this hole," Amul said.

Girls in school took my autographs after I came from US: Priyanka.
Priyanka Chopra, while talking about returning from US when she was 16, said the girls in her Bareilly school would take autographs from her. "I was really full of myself, honestly," Priyanka added. "I was so popular in my small town because...I had come back from US...I would behave like I'm 22, even though I was 16," she further said.

Went to multiple offices, gave pics to get my 1st film: Shahid.
Actor Shahid Kapoor, who recently completed 20 years as an actor, said that he used to go to multiple offices and give his pictures to get his first film. Shahid said that he didn't have a budget to get a good photographer. "At the time I started...there was no exposure, there was no way of getting inside," Shahid added.

Russia kills 700 Ukrainian soldiers, downs 28 drones: Report.
The Armed Forces of the Russian Federation have killed nearly 700 Ukrainian soldiers along the frontline, the country's Defence Ministry said on Thursday. Eight HIMARS and MLRS shells, and 28 Ukrainian drones were also destroyed during the attack, the ministry said. Meanwhile, Deputy Chairman of Russia's Security Council Dmitry Medvedev has said that the Russia-Ukraine war could last for decades.

As mentor, legend of cricket, I respect Gambhir: Naveen-ul-Haq.
LSG fast bowler Naveen-ul-Haq, on being asked about his equation with their mentor Gautam Gambhir, said he respects the ex-India opener a lot. "As a mentor, as a coach, as a legend of cricket, I respect him...and have learned so many things from him," stated Naveen. LSG crashed out of IPL 2023 following their defeat to MI in the Eliminator.

Batting with Surya is the easiest, just get him on strike: Green.
MI all-rounder Cameron Green has said the "easiest job" is to bat alongside Suryakumar Yadav in IPL. "You got to get Suryakumar on strike, that's the plan," stated Green. On MI qualifying for IPL 2023 playoffs and defeating LSG in Eliminator, Green said, "We obviously had a slow...start but you want to obviously start peaking at this time."

Ultrasound pulses to induce immediate 'hibernation' developed.
Scientists from US' Washington University said they have developed a new ultrasound technology that can be aimed at a mammal's head to induce immediate "hibernation". The ultrasound pulses can induce 'torpor', a state similar to hibernation where mammals suppress their metabolism, reduce body temperature and slow down other processes. Pulses could have applications for long-distance space flights.

BJP giving 'poison' to 80 crore Indians: Khera on fortified rice.
Congress spokesperson Pawan Khera criticised the BJP government for distributing fortified rice despite caution by the experts, saying that 80 crore Indians are given "poison". He added, "According to the researchers of NITI Aayog, fortified rice is harmful for patients with hypertension and diabetes. Rice is being distributed without any guidelines...Health of people has been compromised."

Would be unwise to leave Prez out of Parliament opening: Tharoor.
Amid the controversy over the inauguration of the new Parliament building by PM Narendra Modi, Congress MP Shashi Tharoor said, "It would be extremely unwise for the President to be left out of inaugurating the Parliament that maybe we are building for the next 100 years." Several Opposition parties, including Congress, said they would boycott the event on May 28.

Shah visits Guwahati but skips Manipur which is burning: Jairam.
Reacting to Union Home Minister Amit Shah's Assam visit, Congress leader Jairam Ramesh said that Shah went to Guwahati but did not deem it necessary to visit Manipur, which has been "burning for 22 days". He added, "This is the same...minister who held 16 rallies and 15 road shows in Karnataka but cannot find time for the people of Manipur."

US Defense Secy to travel to India ahead of PM Modi's WH visit.
US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin will visit India in early June, the Pentagon has announced. Austin will meet Defense Minister Rajnath Singh and other leaders during his visit to India as the US and India continue to modernise the US-India Major Defense Partnership, the Pentagon said. Austin's visit precedes PM Narendra Modi's official state visit to White House next month.

Finnish man who used Snapchat to sexually abuse 120 girls jailed.
A Finnish court has sentenced a "serial sexual predator" to over 10 years in jail for sexually abusing 120 minor girls. The 27-year-old man used Snapchat to approach young girls, asking them for naked photos and sexual videos. He engaged in sexual activity with some of his victims, promising them money and cannabis, and then threatened to circulate their pictures.

Ukraine shouldn't use US weaponry inside Russia: US general.
The US has asked Ukraine not to use US-supplied equipment for direct attacks into Russia, US Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff General Mark Milley said. This comes after Russia accused pro-Ukrainian militia of using US armoured vehicles. Milley added his office is investigating social media images of vehicles and military hardware used in a cross-border incursion in Russia's Belgorod.

Police Scotland is institutionally racist: Chief constable.
Outgoing chief constable of Police Scotland admitted that the force is institutionally racist and discriminatory. "Publicly acknowledging these institutional issues exist is essential to our absolute commitment to championing equality and becoming an anti-racist service," Sir Iain Livingstone said. He stressed the admission "doesn't mean" all officers and staff are racist, sexist or homophobic.

Russian nuclear weapons are on their way to Belarus: Lukashenko.
Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko has announced the signing of a decree that would allow Russia to deploy tactical, shorter-range nuclear weapons in the country. Speaking in Moscow, the Belarusian leader said the movement of the weapons was already underway after Russian President Vladimir Putin signed the decree. The agreement allows Moscow to store warheads at a special facility in Belarus.

Carriers must buy wide-body aircraft for int'l expansion: Scindia.
Civil Aviation Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia said Indian airlines need to invest in more wide-body aircraft for the country to expand its international footprint. "We're talking about flying distances of more than six to seven hours," Scindia said, adding that his ministry is already working with Delhi Airport, IndiGo and Air India to make the airport "an international civil aviation hub".

Places linked to TN Minister raided, DMK cadre attack I-T officials.
The Income Tax authorities on Friday launched coordinated searches at places linked to Tamil Nadu Electricity Minister V Senthilbalaji in cities including Karur and Coimbatore. Reportedly, raids were conducted at the premises of his close relatives and some contractors. Meanwhile, BJP's SG Suryah shared a video showing the cadre of DMK attacking the car of I-T officials.

Redefine comfort cooling with Carrier Smart Air Conditioners: Carrier.
Carrier announced that as the inventor of modern air conditioning, it has kept in sync with evolving consumer demands for energy-efficient room air conditioners with advanced features. The 2023 range of air conditioners includes personalized cooling on a single click with Flexicool 6-in-1, faster cooling with Insta Cool and easy access to features with Carrier Smart Connect, the company stated.

Ukraine war could last for decades: Russia.
Deputy Chairman of Russia's Security Council Dmitry Medvedev has said, "[Ukraine war] will last a very long time, most likely decades." Reiterating Russia's claim that Ukraine is a Nazi state, he added, "As long as there is such a power in place, there will be, say, three years of truce, two years of conflict, and everything will be repeated."

Right one won't hurt you: Ashish Vidyarthi's 1st wife in cryptic post after his 2nd marriage.
Actor Ashish Vidyarthi's first wife Rajoshi Barua has shared cryptic posts on Instagram after his second marriage to entrepreneur Rupali Barua. "The right one will not make you question what you mean to them. They will not do what they know hurts you. Remember that," a post read. Her other post talked about being "strong long enough".

MS Dhoni interacts with Chepauk ground staff, signs autographs.
CSK have shared a video showing MS Dhoni interacting with the ground staff of the Chepauk stadium in Chennai after their last match of IPL 2023 at the venue. In the video, Dhoni can be seen taking pictures and giving autographs to the ground staff. CSK defeated GT in Qualifier 1 in Chennai. They'll now play the final in Ahmedabad.

Which states are 'top performers' in govt's annual Health Index?.
Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Telangana have emerged as top performers among larger states in NITI Aayog's annual Health Index for 2020-21, The Indian Express reported. Among the eight smaller states, Tripura has recorded the best overall performance, followed by Sikkim and Goa. Among UTs, Lakshadweep has been ranked as the top performer in terms of overall performance.

Naveen-ul-Haq's reaction to fans mocking him with 'Kohli, Kohli' chants goes viral.
A video has gone viral showing LSG fast bowler Naveen-ul-Haq's reaction to being mocked with 'Kohli, Kohli' chants during the Eliminator against MI. Naveen, who was fielding in the deep, was seen encouraging the crowd to chant louder. Naveen registered figures of 4-0-38-4 against MI. LSG lost the match by 81 runs and crashed out of the tournament.

French Open draw out, Djokovic could face world no. 1 Alcaraz in semis.
The draw for the French Open 2023 was announced on Thursday. In men's singles, 22-time Grand Slam winner Novak Djokovic could face world number one Carlos Alcaraz in the semi-finals as both players were placed in the same half. Djokovic has faced Alcaraz just once, in the semifinals of the Madrid Open last year. Alcaraz defeated Djokovic in that match.

India's 'AIRAWAT' ranks 75th in Top 500 Global Supercomputing List.
India's AI supercomputer AI Research, Analytics and knoWledge Assimilation platform (AIRAWAT), installed in Pune, has been ranked 75th in 61st edition of Top 500 Global Supercomputing List at International Supercomputing Conference 2023. AIRAWAT is currently funded by IT Ministry. It has already envisioned roadmap for scaling AIRAWAT from 200 to 1,000 AI Petaflops Mixed Precision compute capacity.

Won't spare anyone spreading violence in Manipur: Amit Shah.
Speaking on the Manipur violence, which has claimed over 70 lives, Union Home Minister Amit Shah said those spreading violence won't be spared. Shah, who will visit Manipur for three days, added that a court order shattered six years of peace. Earlier, Manipur HC directed the state government to respond to the Meitei community's demand for ST status.

Worst yet to come: Expert as 2 more cheetah cubs die in MP's Kuno.
South African wildlife expert Vincent van der Merwe has said the worst mortalities of cheetahs, who were brought to India last year, are yet to come. So far, three cheetah cubs have died. He suggested fencing the cheetah habitats and said, "There has never been a successful reintroduction (of cheetahs) into an unfenced reserve in recorded history."

Pak lawmakers urge PM Sharif to send envoy to New Delhi: Reports.
Pakistan National Assembly's Foreign Affairs Committee has urged PM Shehbaz Sharif's government to restore normal ties with India, reports stated. The panel further recommended that Pakistan should send its high commissioner back to New Delhi and suggested India should do the same. In 2019, Pakistan downgraded its diplomatic ties with India after revocation of Article 370 in Jammu and Kashmir.

Evidence will be put out: Adah on authenticity of 'The Kerala...'.
Adah Sharma, while talking about the factual authenticity of 'The Kerala Story', said the factual evidence about the number of women will be put out shortly. "[Makers] didn't want to do it before...because...people will say 'Oh now you are doing propaganda to promote this movie'," she said. "First people said elections...Then they said 'Oh maybe it's fake numbers'," Adah added.

Why did you work then?: Aditya on singers criticising music labels.
Singer Aditya Narayan Jha talked about the recent criticism of music labels by singers alleging that they are manipulative and not paying them. "Why did you work with the music labels then? Why were you being their servant?" Aditya asked. "They didn't say anything earlier because they were getting opportunities. Later, when you face a problem, negativity starts," he added.

We practise for 5-6 hours: GT's Shankar on being table toppers.
GT batter Vijay Shankar, while talking about the "reason" behind the team finishing on top of the points table at league stage in two consecutive seasons, said they practise for "five to six hours" at one stretch. He added when they are not playing a game, they prefer to sit in the team room and spend time together.

No variation is Madhwal's variation: Manjrekar on Badoni's wicket.
Discussing dismissal of LSG batter Ayush Badoni by MI pacer Akash Madhwal, former India cricketer Sanjay Manjrekar said the pacer didn't introduce any "variations" in any of his balls to Badoni. "No variation is his variation. It could be a trend going forward," Manjrekar stated. Madhwal had bowled three balls to Badoni before the dismissal.

Giving Kishan debut in WTC final is asking a bit too much: Karthik.
Veteran cricketer Dinesh Karthik has picked KS Bharat as the "straightforward choice" for Team India's wicketkeeper in the ICC World Test Championship final against Australia next month. "Playing Ishan Kishan in his debut and...straight in the WTC final is asking a bit too much," added Karthik. Kishan was included in India's squad after KL Rahul got injured during IPL 2023.

We could be implicated in false cases, careers might end: Punia.
Wrestler Bajrang Punia said that protesting wrestlers know what they are up against but they are not scared. He added, "We thought, with all our medals, that we would be heard. But the reality is different…We knew our careers might end. We knew that post-career options...may not be available to us. We knew we could be implicated in false cases."

Devastated: Salah as Liverpool fails to reach Champions League.
Reacting to Liverpool failing to reach next season's UEFA Champions League, forward Mohamed Salah said he is "totally devastated" and there is "absolutely no excuse for this". "We had everything we needed to make it to...Champions League and we failed," Salah stated. Liverpool are currently fifth on the points table and will play in the UEFA Europa League.

Altman says OpenAI may quit EU over AI Act, EU calls it blackmail.
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said the ChatGPT-maker could pull out of the European Union over its proposed AI Act, which will hold AI companies accountable for how their systems are used. "The details really matter...We'll try to comply, but if we can't comply we'll cease operating," Altman said. "There's no point in attempting blackmail," EU's internal market chief said.

Scindia is fool, he doesn't know how to speak: BJP MP KP Yadav.
BJP MP KP Yadav criticised Union Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia and called him a "fool". He said that if Scindia was in trouble then he should have stayed where he was (Congress). He further added, "If he were more popular, he would have done work by staying in the same party...He doesn't know how to speak on a podium."

UK police remove car that crashed into gates near Sunak's home.
A video showing UK police removing a car after it crashed into the front gates of Downing Street in central London, where British PM Rishi Sunak's office and residence are located, has surfaced online. Police have arrested a man on suspicion of criminal damage and dangerous driving. Sunak was reportedly in his office at the time of the incident.

Epstein paid tuition for US Virgin Islands ex-Guv's kids: JPMorgan.
US' largest bank JPMorgan Chase & Co has claimed that convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein paid tuition for former US Virgin Islands Governor John de Jongh's children. The bank further said de Jongh's wife, Cecile, was a "ready partner" in Epstein's desire to exploit young women. It added that Cecile managed Epstein's local businesses throughout her husband's eight-year-long governorship.

Man records tremor sound of active volcano in Mexico, shares video.
A TikToker, Gerardo Matamoros, recorded the sound of a tremor emitted by Mexico's Popocatépetl volcano, as it spewed ash into the air. He embarked on a five-hour hike to get within around half a mile of the volcano on May 21 and later shared a video of his experience. His video has been viewed over two million times on TikTok.

Go First has no rights over engines, leases were terminated: P&W.
US engine maker Pratt & Whitney (P&W) told a US court that it has no engines currently available for Go First airline. "These leases have been terminated...and they (engines) cannot be sent because Go First has no right to them," it stated. Go First is seeking enforcement of an arbitration order in US, which it won in Singapore against P&W.

JPMorgan fires nearly 1,000 First Republic Bank staff: Report.
JPMorgan Chase & Co has notified nearly 1,000 First Republic Bank employees that they've been laid off, a few weeks after the US' largest bank acquired the collapsed lender. JPMorgan has reportedly offered employment to about 85% of First Republic's nearly 7,000 employees for transitional or full-time roles. Temporary positions would last approximately three months to a year.

Banks to flag large ₹2,000 notes deposits to I-T Dept: Report.
Banks are required to notify the Income-Tax Department about large cash deposits of ₹2,000 currency notes, Mint reported as RBI is withdrawing ₹2,000 notes from circulation. The reporting thresholds stand at ₹10 lakh for term and savings deposits and ₹50 lakh for current account deposits. The exact currency denomination of deposits doesn't need to be specified, the report said.

'Delhi CM's home renovation cost ₹52 cr,' says report sent to L-G.
A report submitted to Delhi L-G VK Saxena claimed the renovation of Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal's official residence cost ₹52.71 crore. The report claims that in 2020, the then-PWD minister Satyendar Jain had proposed additional accommodation but PWD engineers suggested that a new building be constructed since the existing structure was old. Initially, PWD estimated it would cost ₹15-20 cr.

Russia takes over Ukrainian President's ₹6 crore home in Crimea.
Russian authorities have confiscated Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's $800,000 (over ₹6 crore) apartment in annexed Crimea. "As promised, Russia's enemies will not profit in Crimea," Crimean Governor Sergei Aksyonov said in a video. The apartment will be auctioned off, with proceeds going toward Russia's war in Ukraine, the speaker of Crimea's parliament said.

Urdu poet Munawwar Rana put on ventilator as health worsens.
Renowned Urdu poet Munawwar Rana has been admitted to a hospital in Lucknow and is on ventilator support, his family said today. He was put on ventilator support after his health worsened following surgery to remove gallbladder stones, his daughter said. The 70-year-old poet was also suffering from throat cancer and undergoing dialysis.

Ayushmann Khurrana shares pics from his father's prayer meet, pens note after his death.
Actor Ayushmann Khurrana shared a note for his late father, famous astrologer P Khurrana, who passed away on May 19. "For the first time I feel that my father is very far yet very close to me," he wrote while sharing pictures from his father's prayer meet. "Thank you for your upbringing, love...and the most beautiful memories," Ayushmann added.

Dhoni meets Pathirana's family, his sister says 'We're sure Malli is in safe hands'.
CSK captain MS Dhoni met his teammate Matheesha Pathirana's family, with the 20-year-old fast bowler's sister Vishuka sharing pictures on Instagram. She wrote, "Now, we are sure that Malli is in safe hands when Thala said, 'You have nothing to worry about Matheesha, he’s always with me'.” She added, "These moments were even beyond what I had ever dreamt of."

100%: Dwayne Bravo on whether MS Dhoni will play IPL next year.
On being asked whether MS Dhoni will play IPL next year, CSK bowling coach Dwayne Bravo said, "100%. Especially, with...Impact Player rule." He added, "It will keep prolonging his career." Earlier, Dhoni, on being asked about the same, had said, "I don't know, I have 8-9 months to decide. I've ample time to decide. Why take that headache now?"

Fans chant 'Kohli, Kohli' to tease Gambhir after LSG crash out of IPL 2023.
A video went viral showing fans chanting 'Kohli, Kohli' to tease LSG mentor Gautam Gambhir after LSG crashed out of IPL 2023. Gambhir was seen chatting with MI mentor Sachin Tendulkar after the match when the fans chanted 'Kohli, Kohli'. Notably, Kohli and Gambhir earlier had a verbal fight, for which they were fined 100% of their match fee.

Ukraine says Putin tops its kill list; Russia responds.
The Kremlin on Thursday said that Russia's security services knew what they were doing after a top Ukrainian intelligence official said Russian President Vladimir Putin was number one on Kyiv's kill list. Kyiv wants to assassinate Putin "because he coordinates and decides what happens" in the war, Vadym Skibitsky, deputy head of Ukraine's military intelligence service, told a German newspaper.

Jason Roy responds to confusion over his England contract amid move to USA.
Cricketer Jason Roy responded to confusion over his England contract amid move to Major League Cricket in USA. He stated he'll "never walk away from England". "I hope to play for England for many more years," he added. "ECB were happy with me [playing in USA] as long as they didn’t have to pay...for remainder of contractual year," he explained.

Who are the 10 most followed cricketers on Instagram as Kohli reaches 250 mn followers?.
Ex-India captain Virat Kohli reached 250 million followers on Instagram. He’s the most followed cricketer on Instagram. He’s followed by MS Dhoni (42.5 million) Sachin Tendulkar (40.4 million), Rohit Sharma (28.5 million), Hardik Pandya (25.9 million), Suresh Raina (23.8 million), AB de Villiers (21.9 million), Yuvraj Singh (17.5 million), KL Rahul (14.2 million) & Shikhar Dhawan (13.6 million).

Manchester United qualify for Champions League, Liverpool miss out.
Manchester United defeated Chelsea 4-1 on Thursday night to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League and qualify for next season's Champions League. With United's win, Liverpool are set to finish fifth this season irrespective of the result of their final game. It's the first time in seven years that Liverpool have failed to qualify for the Champions League.

Deep fakes biggest concern around AI: Microsoft President Smith.
Microsoft President Brad Smith said his biggest concern around artificial intelligence (AI) was deep fakes, realistic-looking but false content. He called for steps to ensure that people know when a photo or video is real and when it is generated by AI, potentially for nefarious purposes. Smith also called for licensing for the most critical forms of AI.

Musk's brain-implant firm Neuralink gets FDA nod for human trials.
Billionaire Elon Musk's Neuralink said it has received US Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) nod for first-in-human clinical trials of its brain implants. "Recruitment isn't yet open for clinical trial. We'll announce more information...soon," Neuralink said. Musk, while talking about how confident he is of brain implants, had said he is comfortable implanting it in one of his children's brains.

Devegowda to attend new Parliament opening, says 'not BJP office'.
Ex-PM and JD(S) supremo HD Devegowda on Thursday said he'll attend the inauguration of the new Parliament building in Delhi this Sunday. "It is the property of the country. It's not a BJP or RSS office," he added. As many as 21 opposition parties have decided to skip the inauguration that will be done by PM Narendra Modi.

Will welcome PM if govt brings back Lalit, Nirav Modi: Congress.
After PM Narendra Modi was accorded a warm welcome following his return from a three-nation visit, Congress on Thursday said that it will welcome PM at the airport if Lalit and Nirav Modi are brought back. Congress' Pawan Khera said that as soon as PM landed in India, two Australian universities said they won't allow Indian students from five states.

Special ₹75 coin to be released on new Parliament building's inauguration.
The Ministry of Finance on Thursday issued a notification announcing the minting of a special commemorative coin with a denomination of ₹75 to mark the inauguration of the new Parliament building. According to the statement, the ₹75 coin will be circular in shape with a diameter of 44 mm and have 200 serrations along the edges.

SBI to pay ₹2 lakh to Delhi man for sending bills despite credit card's expiry.
A Delhi consumer forum ordered SBI Cards & Payment Services to pay ₹2 lakh to a man for sending him bills after his card's expiry. The bank also blacklisted him, causing him trouble getting loans or credit card from another bank. "Sum payable would be ₹3 lakh on failure to pay the compensation within two months," the forum said.

My role will reduce Indians' stereotyping: Ishaan on H'wood debut.
Actor Ishaan Khatter, who will be making his Hollywood debut with 'The Perfect Couple', said that his character will reduce the stereotyping of Indians in the West. "Layered representation is important to reduce stereotyping but that's not only the responsibility of the writer or creator but also of an actor who chooses to represent the written material," Ishaan said.

Khushi was just 16 when Sridevi passed away: Boney Kapoor.
Boney Kapoor shared that Khushi Kapoor was just 16 years old when Sridevi passed away. The filmmaker said that, at that time, he and Sridevi didn't expect anything from Khushi. "Although, Khushi might've had...an ambition to become an actress from back then...we never thought she'd become...actress. As parents, we were just busy making sure she studies well," he added.

Rohit marshalled his troops well in Bumrah's absence: Irfan Pathan.
Former India cricketer Irfan Pathan, while talking about the captaincy of Rohit Sharma, said he has "marshalled his troops well" in the absence of Jasprit Bumrah and with Jofra Archer struggling with form and fitness. "He first guided MI to the eliminator and then took his team to the qualifiers with his astute captaincy," Pathan stated.

Madhwal's bowling action looks like a tiger on the hunt: Raina.
Ex-India cricketer Suresh Raina said he's reminded of a tiger on a hunt while looking at bowling action of MI pacer Akash Madhwal, who registered figures of 3.3-0-5-5 in IPL 2023 Eliminator. "I haven't seen such...bowling...since 2008," added Raina. Discussing Madhwal's spell, Virender Sehwag stated, "I would give 11/10 marks if I could...It's not possible for anyone else to replicate."

We must focus on bringing non-BJP parties together: Sharad Pawar.
NCP chief Sharad Pawar, after meeting Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, said, "There's a crisis in the country and it's not an issue limited to Delhi. We must focus on bringing...non-BJP parties together." Kejriwal met him to seek support against the Centre's ordinance on control of services in Delhi. Kejriwal said elected governments aren't allowed to work by using ordinances.

Virgin Galactic embarks on 1st spaceflight mission in nearly 2 yrs.
Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic embarked toward the edge of space on Thursday carrying a crew of six, its first spaceflight test in nearly two years. The twin-fuselage VMS Eve carrier plane took off from Spaceport America site. "Touchdown, VSS Unity! Our crew and spaceship are back on Earth after landing smoothly at Spaceport America, New Mexico," Virgin Galactic tweeted.

We see China as our main EV rival, not GM or Toyota: Ford CEO.
Ford CEO Jim Farley said on Thursday that Chinese electric vehicle makers are its main rivals in the sector, not GM or Toyota. "The Chinese are going to be the powerhouse," Farley stated, adding, "They are selling in high volume in Europe...How do you beat on them on cost if their scale is five times yours?"

Dubai approves plan to increase length of public beaches by 400%.
Dubai's Ruler, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid, has approved the 'Dubai Master Plan for Public Beaches' under which the total length of public beaches in Dubai will be increased from 21 km to 105 km by 2040, a significant 400% expansion. The plan involves opening new beaches and improving existing ones with advanced facilities. The move aims to enhance Dubai's coastline.

Service dog accompanies owner for her graduation ceremony in US.
A video has surfaced online wherein a service dog can be seen accompanying his owner, who uses a wheelchair, on a stage during her graduation ceremony at Seton Hall University in US' New Jersey. The labrador accompanied his owner Grace Mariani to all her classes during the course, the university said. The dog even got a certificate of his own.

Pakistan PM Shehbaz Sharif breaks down during a function, clip out.
Pakistan PM Shehbaz Sharif on Wednesday broke down during a function in Islamabad. Notably, the function was held to remember the fallen soldiers and military officers of Pakistan Armed Forces. A video has also surfaced online wherein Sharif can be seen getting emotional, and meeting the family members of Army officers and soldiers killed in action over the past years.

Heavy rains lash parts of Delhi-NCR, video surfaces.
Parts of Delhi-NCR and adjoining areas witnessed rains and gusty winds on Thursday evening. The maximum temperature in the national capital dipped from 43.5°C on Tuesday to 34.7°C on Wednesday after rainfall. Similar weather is likely to persist until May 30 and the maximum temperature will remain below 40°C.

TikTok tests AI chatbot 'Tako'.
Social media platform TikTok on Thursday said it is in the early stages of exploring a chatbot called 'Tako' and is conducting tests with select users in the Philippines. The chatbot can converse with users about short videos and help them discover content. TikTok said 'Tako' is designed to help users discover "entertaining and inspiring content" on the app.

Passengers not paying: KSRTC to K'taka CM over free travel promise.
Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) staff and Workers' Federation have written to CM Siddaramaiah urging him to fulfil the electoral promise of free travel for women in government buses. The federation said that the scheme is yet to be implemented, adding there are incidents where bus passengers are refusing to pay for tickets.

If not PM Modi, will Pak PM inaugurate new Parliament? INC leader.
Congress leader Acharya Pramod Krishnam has criticised his own party for boycotting the inauguration of the new Parliament Building, asking if Pakistan PM should inaugurate it if not PM Narendra Modi. "We have the right to oppose Modi, but it is not right to oppose the country. I appeal to the Opposition to reconsider its decision," he said.

Indian students from 6 states/UT banned by 2 Australian universities over visa fraud.
Federation University and Western Sydney University in Australia announced bans on intake of students from some Indian states/UT over rise in fraudulent visa applications, Sydney Morning Herald reported. Education agents were instructed to not consider students from Punjab, Haryana, Gujarat, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, J&K. The report said 1 in 4 applications are now being deemed as "fraudulent".

IPS officer Praveen Sood takes charge as new CBI director.
Praveen Sood, a 1986-batch IPS officer of Karnataka cadre, on Thursday took charge as the 34th director of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). Sood took charge from Subodh Kumar Jaiswal, who completed his fixed two-year tenure in the CBI. Sood previously served as the Karnataka chief of police and has also served in various other important positions.

Man wanted for deaths of 2,000 people in Rwanda caught in S Africa.
A man suspected of orchestrating the killings of over 2,000 people during the 1994 Rwanda genocide was arrested in South Africa on Wednesday after being on the run for several years. The man, Fulgence Kayishema, had since assumed a false identity. Over 8 lakh people died in the genocide wherein members of the Hutu ethnic group targeted minority Tutsis.

Car crashes into front gates of Downing Street near UK PM Sunak's residence, pic surfaces.
A car crashed into the front gates of Downing Street near UK PM Rishi Sunak's residence on Thursday. A picture surfaced online showing a silver car with its boot opened in front of the gates. The police stated they arrested one person on suspicion of criminal damage and dangerous driving. Police are probing incident and have cordoned off the area.

I don't know why some people go there: Nawazuddin on Cannes.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui said that he doesn't understand why some people go to Cannes Film Festival. "When I used to...meet people, I'd ask them, 'How come you're here?'...They'd say, 'Our film is also screening here', but where? You'll never know," he expressed. Nawazuddin further said that sometimes, a film can be screened at Cannes even if it is not officially selected.

Finished Tiger 3's shoot, it was very hectic but good: Salman.
Salman Khan shared that he has "completed" the shoot of 'Tiger 3'. "Now, you'll get to see Tiger on Diwali, inshallah...It was a very hectic shoot...was good though," the actor said during the press conference of IIFA Awards 2023. The Maneesh Sharma directorial also stars Katrina Kaif in the lead role while Emraan Hashmi plays the antagonist.

My morphed pics were put on Twitter as paid campaign: Adah Sharma.
Adah Sharma, while addressing criticisms against 'The Kerala Story', revealed that the production house's YouTube channel was hacked and the description that read story of 32,000 women, was changed to three. "For 7 minutes, screenshots were taken, uploaded online with morphed images of mine...with another body that wasn't clothed...It was put on Twitter as paid campaign...apparently," she said.

OTT space was new: Rajesh on 'Sarabhai...' season 2's failure.
Television actor Rajesh Kumar addressed the failure of Sarabhai V/S Sarabhai's second season, which released on an OTT platform. He said that when the show came on OTT, the OTT space wasn't as popular as it is now. Rajesh added that 'Sarabhai V/S Sarabhai' has always been ahead of its time, which is why the audience still revisits it.

Rare Albino zebra spotted in Kenya; video surfaces.
A rare albino zebra was spotted at the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya. A video shared by The Independent shows the zebra with striking blonde hair among a herd of zebra grazing in the field. An albino zebra is one that lacks melanin pigmentation, resulting in a white or pale-coloured coat and pinkish features and is considered extremely rare.

Scared of MI, don't want to face them in final, jokes CSK's Bravo.
CSK bowling coach Dwayne Bravo jokingly stated that he doesn't want to face his ex-team MI in the IPL 2023 final, adding that he is scared of them. "My friend Kieron Pollard, [who is MI's batting coach] knows that," he stated. The teams have faced each other in four IPL finals so far, with MI emerging victorious on three occasions.

Rohit made mistake by giving Shokeen 6th over, I was upset: Sehwag.
Ex-India opener Virender Sehwag said MI captain Rohit Sharma made a mistake by giving spinner Hrithik Shokeen the sixth over in their IPL 2023 Eliminator against LSG. "I was upset with Rohit...Stoinis took him to [the] cleaners...Any other bowler would have probably given six to eight runs," added Sehwag. Shokeen conceded 18 runs in sixth over and didn't bowl again.

Aamir Khan said 'Cook for me when you come to Mumbai': Rashid Khan.
GT all-rounder Rashid Khan said actor Aamir Khan asked Rashid to cook food for him on his next visit to Mumbai. "He's one of my favourites...I'll...cook for him," added Rashid. The all-rounder stated that he has drawn praise for his ability to make good mutton and chicken curry in the past, having cooked food during GT's Eid celebrations in 2022.

Was feeding my dog when I got to know I will play for CSK: Magala.
CSK pacer Sisanda Magala said he was feeding his dog when he got a message from CSK head coach Stephen Fleming where he was informed that he'd be playing for them. Magala added that he wanted to be a part of IPL since he started playing cricket. "Be careful what you wish for, it might come true," Magala stated jokingly.

French Olympic Committee Prez resigns 1 year before Paris Olympics.
French Olympic Committee (CNOSF) President Brigitte Henriques announced her resignation a little over a year before the start of Paris 2024 Olympics. The tournament will begin on July 26, 2024 and end on August 11. Henriques was the first woman to lead Olympic sports in France. "It's urgent to find a climate of peace," stated Paris 2024 President Tony Estanguet.

AI rules can't be bargained: EU's Breton after OpenAI CEO threat.
Criticising OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's threat to quit the continent if it cannot comply with the legislation, EU Industry Chief Thierry Breton said Europe's artificial intelligence (AI) rules are not for negotiation. "Let's be clear, our rules are put in place for the security and well-being of our citizens and this cannot be bargained," Breton told Reuters.

Startup funding from 21 nations will not attract angel tax.
The Finance Ministry notified 21 countries, including the US, UK and France, from where non-resident investment in unlisted Indian startups will not attract angel tax. The list excludes investment from Singapore, The Netherlands and Mauritius. The government had in the Budget brought overseas investment in unlisted closely held companies, except DPIIT recognised startups, under the Angel Tax net.

WWII Japanese lab where live humans were dissected found in China.
Archaeologists in China have discovered an underground bunker allegedly used by Unit 731, a notorious Japanese Imperial Army unit, during World War II. The site in Anda reveals gruesome experiments conducted between 1935 and 1945, where live prisoners were dissected to study the effects of pathogens on the human body. The findings expose the brutality of their germ warfare research.

Schools have right to decide uniforms: Kerala Guv amid Hijab row.
Amid the Hijab controversy, Kerala Governor Arif Mohammed Khan said that schools have the right to decide their uniforms and the rule of uniform should be followed. "Should a person not dress decently? Both men and women should," he said. "People are free to wear whatever they want...And this is the same for the entire world," he said.

Woman enters well to fetch water due to crisis in Maha, video out.
A video has surfaced online, showing a woman entering a well to fetch water amid a water crisis in Maharashtra's Koshimpada village. In the video, the woman can be seen descending into the well using a rope and then filling some dirty water from an almost dry puddle into her pot.

Video shows policemen chasing sand mafia in MP; 2 tractors seized.
Policemen in Madhya Pradesh's Morena chased down and seized two tractor-trolleys loaded with illegally mined sand and arrested the drivers on Thursday noon. A video of the incident has gone viral on social media. The video shows the accused speeding in the tractors through narrow lanes and one of the tractors carrying sand overturning while trying to escape.

Assam & Meghalaya CMs meet to resolve dispute over border areas.
Assam CM Himanta Biswa Sarma held a meeting with his Meghalaya counterpart Conrad Sangma to find a solution to the six remaining disputed border areas. Regional committees have been asked to "start the process of track finding in detail". In the first round of talks, the two states had resolved six out of 12 disputed border areas.

Pune Police arrest 6 bookies while betting on IPL match, probe on.
Pune Police Crime Branch on Wednesday night arrested six bookies from different states while they were allegedly betting on the IPL 2023 cricket match between Mumbai Indians and Lucknow Super Giants. Police seized 16 cell phones, two laptops, a WiFi router and other items worth ₹4.8 lakh. Police also seized ₹10 lakh allegedly found in the bank accounts of bookies.

Kohinoor to go on display at new London exhibition tomorrow.
Kohinoor will go on display at a new exhibition at the Tower of London on Friday as a "symbol of conquest". The exhibition's organisers took the move to contextualise the diamond's colonial history in a "transparent, balanced and inclusive" way. Kohinoor came into Queen Victoria's possession from the Sikh empire's treasury several years before she became the empress of India.

Video shows Sunny Leone getting teary-eyed as Kennedy receives standing ovation at Cannes.
Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap's film 'Kennedy', starring Sunny Leone and Rahul Bhat in the lead roles, received a standing ovation, which reportedly lasted for seven minutes, at the Cannes Film Festival 2023. A video shows Sunny getting teary-eyed during the standing ovation. Sharing pictures from the red carpet, Sunny had written on Instagram, "The proudest moment of my career so far!"

Tipu Sultan's sword sells for ₹144 crore at auction; pic released.
Tipu Sultan's sword has been sold for £14,080,900 (nearly ₹144 crore) at Bonhams' Islamic and Indian Art sale in London. The fine gold-koftgari-hilted steel sword lay within reach of the 18th-century ruler of Mysore while he slept. The hilt is inlaid in gold calligraphy with five of the qualities of God and two invocations calling on God by name.

5 IPL experts, including Chris Gayle, name Best XI of IPL 2023.
Five IPL experts, including Chris Gayle, Robin Uthappa, Brett Lee, Graeme Swann and Scott Styris, named the Best XI of IPl 2023. The team includes Faf du Plessis and Yashasvi Jaiswal as openers, followed by Shubman Gill, Suryakumar Yadav, Shivam Dube, Heinrich Klaasen and Axar Patel. The lower order comprises Rashid Khan, Mohammad Shami, Mohammed Siraj and Matheesha Pathirana.

WhatsApp to soon introduce usernames: Report.
WhatsApp is working on a new feature to set up a 'WhatsApp username', WABetaInfo reported. "Instead of relying solely on phone numbers to identify contacts, users will be able to opt for a unique username," the report said. It will be available as a new field in the app's profile section, different from the 'Name' field already on the app.

K'taka BJP MLA Poonja booked for claiming 'CM got 24 Hindu activists killed'.
An FIR has been registered against Karnataka BJP MLA Harish Poonja after he allegedly said that CM Siddaramaiah had got 24 Hindu activists killed. "You sought vote for Siddaramaiah, who got 24 Hindu activists killed," he had allegedly said during a victory celebration at Belthangady on May 22. He was elected from Belthangady in Dakshina Kannada for the second time.

Are SCs, STs inauspicious?: Kejriwal over no invite to Prez Murmu.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has criticised PM Narendra Modi for not inviting President Droupadi Murmu for the inauguration of the new Parliament building. Kejriwal said that SC and ST societies across the country are asking if they're considered "inauspicious" because of which they're not getting invites. Notably, 19 Opposition parties have decided to boycott the inauguration.

Man sets memorial stone on fire in Vasai Fort for reel, booked.
A man has been booked for damaging the martyred soldiers' memorial stone in the Vasai Fort of Maharashtra by carving an 'S' on it and setting it on fire using chemicals to make an Instagram reel. The Bollywood song 'Bewafa' was played in the background. Archaeological Survey of India officials warned people to refrain from activities that damage the monument.

2 women from MP with same roll number, name claim they got same rank in UPSC.
Two women from Madhya Pradesh named Ayasha Fatima and Ayasha Makrani claimed they secured 184th rank in UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022. They produced admit cards, which showed the two had the same roll number. However, on Makrani's admit card, the date of personality test was mentioned as April 25 (Thursday), while on Fatima's, it was April 25 (Tuesday).

Banks can't forcibly seize vehicles over non-payment of car loan: Patna HC.
The Patna High Court has said that financial institutions and banks forcibly taking away vehicles through recovery agents from owners for defaulting on loans is a violation of the fundamental right to life and livelihood. It added that a Supreme Court order completely bans taking such possession by engaging gangsters, goons and musclemen also called recovery agents.

Amul, Aavin can work together to keep private players out: Amul MD.
On Tamil Nadu CM MK Stalin opposing Amul's entry into the state, Amul MD Jayen Mehta said Amul and Aavin can work together to mitigate private players' monopoly in Tamil Nadu. He said, Amul is open to working with all cooperatives and added that Amul has worked hand-in-hand with both Nandini and Aavin cooperatives and is ready to share resources.

Russia signs deal to deploy tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus.
Russia and Belarus have signed an agreement allowing Russian nuclear weapons to be deployed in Belarus, with control remaining in Moscow's hands. The deal was finalised after previous discussions between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko. This move follows Putin's announcement in March about deploying smaller, shorter-range nuclear weapons in Belarus.

Leave encashment on retirement now tax-free till ₹25 lakh for pvt employees.
The CBDT has notified the increased ceiling for encashment of earned leave that is exempt from income tax for non-government or private employees on retirement. The limit, set at ₹3 lakh earlier, has been increased to ₹25 lakh as of April 1, 2023. This limit will be applicable under both the new and old tax regimes.

Will thank Vikram for not doing 'Kennedy': Rahul Bhat.
Actor Rahul Bhat said he will thank Vikram for not doing 'Kennedy'. "Whenever I'll meet him, I will lie down at his feet...and say, 'Vikram, I'm in love with you. Thank you'," Bhat laughed as he told Film Companion. Anurag Kashyap had previously revealed that 'Kennedy' was written for Vikram, who hadn't responded when the filmmaker reached out to him.

Gal Gadot was first choice to play 'Barbie', reveals Margot Robbie.
Margot Robbie shared that Gal Gadot was the first choice to play the lead role in 'Barbie'. She said Gal Gadot has "Barbie energy" and is "impossibly beautiful...genuinely sincere...enthusiastically kind". However, Gadot couldn't be a part of the film. In 2016, Amy Schumer was announced as Barbie's lead, but she backed out later due to scheduling conflicts.

If I don't have more than 10 bats, I feel I lost something: Rashid.
GT all-rounder Rashid Khan said he feels like he has lost something if he doesn't have more than 10 bats. "Mostly, people keep spikes in the bag resulting in marks being formed on the bat...I don't enjoy batting with those bats. I make sure that I keep mine in a cover," added Rashid. "I...keep my bats very clean," he stated.

Indian economy may reach next $1 trillion in 2 years: WEF chief.
India took 60 years to become a trillion-dollar economy but it may reach the next trillion in the next two years, World Economic Forum (WEF) President Børge Brende said at a CII event. The goal of reaching a trillion-dollar economy has ridden on the back of India's digitisation, which is a success story for the world, Brende said.

Phone call reached 'behenji': INC on Mayawati's Parliament remark.
Congress criticised BSP supremo Mayawati on Thursday for her remark on the ongoing row over the inauguration of the new Parliament by PM Narendra Modi. "It seems that the phone call has reached 'behenji'. BSP supremo Mayawati ji in the field in defence of Modi government," Supriya Shrinate said, adding the "picture of alliance in UP has become more clear".

Sengol symbol of monarchy, not democracy: DMK's TKS Elangovan.
As PM Narendra Modi will install the golden sceptre, Sengol, in the new Parliament building on May 28, DMK leader TKS Elangovan on Thursday said that it is a symbol of "monarchy" and not democracy. "Sengol is not given by...political parties but by Mutt. Mutt is...another symbol of monarchy," he said, adding they'd given a Sengol when India got independence.

South Korea launches homegrown space rocket Nuri; video out.
South Korea successfully completed third launch of Nuri space rocket on Thursday. A video of the launch has been shared online. The rocket was loaded with multiple satellites, including a commercial-grade one. This test is the first to load and launch a commercial-grade satellite aboard the Nuri vehicle. The launch was delayed by a day due to a computer glitch.

New compound may help nerves regenerate after injury: Study.
Scientists have identified a new chemical compound, named 1938, that can help nerves regenerate after injury by activating biological mechanisms that help control cell growth. The findings published in the journal Nature showed that the compound increased growth in nerve cells. It was also found to reduce heart tissue damage after major trauma in animal models.

In the era of T20 cricket, people want rapid results: PM Modi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, while addressing the Rozgar Mela in Assam on Thursday, said, "In the era of T20 cricket, people want rapid results and that's why the system needs to change like that." He added that the society is becoming aspirational and people don't want to wait for basic facilities for decades.

Those praising Aurangzeb should be punished for treason: Pragya.
BJP MP Pragya Thakur, while weighing in on the Gyanvapi mosque debate, said that those praising Aurangzeb are traitors and should be punished for treason. This comes after the Gyanvapi Mosque Committee told a Varanasi court that Aurangzeb wasn't cruel and didn't demolish any Lord Adi Vishweshwar Temple. It also said that no Shivling was found inside the Gyanvapi mosque.

Congress worker killed in Bengaluru by bike-borne gang.
A Congress worker was killed in Bengaluru by a gang of five to six bike-borne assailants on Wednesday, while he was returning home after attending a birthday celebration of another party worker. According to police, the attackers chased victim Ravi and attacked him with lethal weapons. They struck his head with a large stone before fleeing from location, police added.

Undeclared martial law imposed: Ex-PM Imran Khan in plea to Pak SC.
Ex-Pakistan PM Imran Khan has filed a plea in Supreme Court (SC) stating that the federal government has imposed "undeclared martial law" in several provinces by invoking Article 245. Under Article 245 of Pakistan's Constitution, the Army can be called in to aid the civil administration defend the nation. It has been invoked in provinces including Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan.

Wall collapses as fire engulfs 7-storey building in Aus; video out.
A massive fire engulfed a seven-storey building in Sydney's central business district. Over 100 firefighters were deployed at the spot to control the blaze. Videos shared by Fire and Rescue NSW showcased the intensity of the fire. The footage also showed the moment the building's wall crumbled and collapsed onto the street below.

Want to reduce unauthorised employment: UK minister on visa policy.
UK Home Secretary Suella Braverman said the visa reforms that restrict postgraduate pupils from bringing family members as dependents to UK will reduce unauthorised employment. "The...rise in students bringing family members is putting untenable pressure on public services," she added. She highlighted that students will still be allowed to stay in UK to gain work experience after their studies.

Bangladesh promises free & fair polls after US warns of visa curbs.
Bangladesh has vowed to hold free and fair elections after US warned of imposing visa restrictions on Bangladeshis who undermine the electoral process. The new US visa policy comes amid previous claims of vote-rigging and the targeting of the political opposition in Bangladesh's national elections in 2014 and 2018. The claims have been denied by Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina's government.

B'luru jewellery store's items worth ₹2.5 cr washed away in heavy rains.
Gold jewellery and furniture worth ₹2.5 crore were washed away after rainwater entered a below-ground-level jewellery store on Bengaluru's Sampige road on Sunday. The store was flooded with four feet of water. The owners of the jewellery store blamed the civic body as the road was recently white-topped. "We're worried about the situation in monsoons," one of the owners said.

Actor Ashish Vidyarthi gets married aged 57, pic surfaces.
Veteran actor Ashish Vidyarthi got married aged 57 on Thursday. He married Rupali Barua, who hails from Guwahati, Assam and is an entrepreneur. The National Award-winning actor was previously married to Rajoshi Barua, the daughter of yesteryear actress Shakuntala Barua. "At this stage of my life, getting married to Rupali is an extraordinary feeling," the actor told Times of India.

UP bride chases groom for 20 km after he runs away, marries him.
A bride in UP chased her runaway groom for 20 km in her wedding attire and married him. The couple had been in a relationship for two-and-a-half years, however, the groom ran away on the day of their wedding. After chasing the groom, the bride found him on a bus outside Bareilly and the two got married at a temple.

Team India's new training kit unveiled ahead of WTC final, BCCI shares pics.
Team India's new training kit has been unveiled ahead of the World Test Championship (WTC) final against Australia. Sharing pictures, the BCCI tweeted, "Unveiling Team India's new training kit...Also, kickstarting our preparations for the #WTCFinal." The WTC final will begin on June 7 at The Oval in London.

Android app found to be recording nearby audio every 15 minutes.
An Android app with over 50,000 downloads on Google Play was found to be secretly recording nearby audio every 15 minutes and sending it to the app developer. The 'iRecorder – Screen Recorder' appeared on Google Play as a legitimate screen recorder in September 2021. Malicious code was added to it in a later version, ESET researcher Lukas Stefanko explained.

Didn't say anything apology worthy: Adhir on 'pagla Modi' remark.
Congress leader Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, who called PM Narendra Modi 'pagla Modi' during a press conference, has said that he said nothing for which he needs to apologise. This comes after West Bengal BJP chief Sukanta Majumdar asked Adhir to apologise for his remark. "This is not the first time he has made such comments," he had said.

Will go to Manipur soon, stay there for 3 days: Amit Shah amid fresh violence.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Thursday said he'll visit violence-hit Manipur after a few days and will stay there for three days. Shah said he'll talk to the people of Manipur for establishing peace. At least 70 people were killed in the violence that broke out over the demand for ST status for the Meitei community earlier this month.

Indian astronomers capture supernova 21 million light years away from Earth, share pic.
Astronomers at ISRO, Fahd Bin Abdul Hasis, Kiran Mohan, & Vishak Sasidharan from Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre (LPSC), Valiamala photographed supernova located in Pinwheel Galaxy around 21 million light years away from Earth. The astronomers used a modest setup comprising a DSLR camera and basic sky tracking equipment, despite the challenging climatic conditions, ISRO stated sharing a picture.

3 cubs born to Namibian cheetah Jwala die in MP, only 1 alive now.
Two more cubs of cheetah Jwala, brought from Namibia, died at the Kuno National Park in MP on Thursday. The cubs died during monitoring while being in weak condition amid sweltering heat, ANI said. Jwala had given birth to four cubs, of whom only one is alive now. Twenty cheetahs have been brought to the national park since last year.

Diwali likely to be observed as federal holiday in US' New York.
The New York State Assembly is expected to pass legislation to observe Diwali as a federal holiday. Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie said in a statement on Wednesday that it is crucial to recognise New York’s rich and diverse culture. Last year, New York City Mayor Eric Adams declared Diwali will be deemed a public school holiday from 2023.

Saw history being made: Sunny's husband on actress' Cannes moment.
Sunny Leone's husband Daniel Weber said he "witnessed history being made" at Cannes Film Festival when he saw the actress walking the red carpet ahead of her film Kennedy's premiere. He penned a note for Sunny and called her an "inspiration to millions" and him. In response, Sunny wrote, "You've worked equally hard to put me on this platform."

I log in, scroll for 10 mins & log out: Ayushmann on social media.
Ayushmann Khurrana was asked at an award show about how he handles trolls on social media. In response, the actor replied, "I log out." He further explained that he logs into his social media accounts once every day for 10 minutes, checks everything, and logs out. He also spoke about how fashion is also an extension of art.

I was waiting for an opportunity since 2018: Madhwal on 5/5 vs LSG.
MI pacer Akash Madhwal, who registered figures of 5/5 against LSG in IPL 2023 Eliminator, said he had been waiting for an opportunity since 2018. "[I am] hoping to do well in the coming games and want to end up as champions," Madhwal stated. He added that the wicket of LSG batter Nicholas Pooran "was [the] most pleasing for me".

Badoni's wicket changed game, MI forced him to play shot: Sachin.
MI mentor Sachin Tendulkar termed LSG batter Ayush Badoni's dismissal in IPL 2023 Eliminator as the turning point, adding that MI's "incredible" fielding forced Badoni to play the shot which cost him his wicket. "There were...few dot balls and then Badoni played across the line," added Sachin. "[We were defending 183] but...fielded as if we were defending 145," he stated.

It all started with my dismissal, take full blame: Krunal on loss.
LSG stand-in captain Krunal Pandya said he wants to take full blame for their defeat against MI in IPL 2023 Eliminator. "We were in...really good position. Everything started when I played that shot [resulting in my dismissal]. It wasn't on," added Krunal. LSG were bowled out for 101 in 16.3 overs after being reduced to 69/3 following Krunal's dismissal.

Ymer smashes racket on umpire's chair, disqualified from Lyon Open.
Swedish tennis player Mikael Ymer was disqualified from Lyon Open after he smashed his racket on the umpire's chair following an argument over a line call. The argument took place during his match against French player Arthur Fils in the tournament's round of 16 stage. Ymer's racket broke after he smashed it twice. He tossed the handle on the court.

MS Dhoni has a great cricket brain, thinks on his feet: Magala.
CSK pacer Sisanda Magala said captain MS Dhoni is the coolest guy on the field, adding that Dhoni thinks on his feet and has a great cricket brain. Magala said it's great to be part of CSK considering it's his first IPL and he wants to learn as much as he can from Dhoni, Ravindra Jadeja and Ajinkya Rahane.

Which are the Chinese groups accused of hacking Microsoft, US?.
Western intelligence agencies and cybersecurity groups have blamed Chinese hacking teams for targeting government, military organisations and corporations. 'Volt Typhoon', 'Backdoordiplomacy', 'APT 41' and 'APT 27' are some of the biggest identified Chinese hacking teams. Microsoft said the attack is carried out by 'Volt Typhoon', which typically "focuses on espionage and information gathering".

Double standard: BJP on parties boycotting Parliament inauguration.
BJP leader and former Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh criticised the Congress for its announcement of boycotting the inauguration of the new Parliament building and called it "double standards". "This reflects the small mindedness...of the Congress...This shouldn't be politicised," he said. "Chhattisgarh Governor wasn't invited while laying foundation of the New Vidhan Sabha building," he claimed.

Being woman or born in tribal society not disadvantage: Prez Murmu.
President of India Droupadi Murmu addressed a Women's Conference organised by the Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs in Jharkhand's Khunti on Thursday, a statement by Deputy Press Secretary to President said. The President said that being a woman or being born in a tribal society isn't a disadvantage. She urged women to awaken the infinite power that is within them.

Move to safer locations: BMC to slum dwellers ahead of monsoon.
Ahead of monsoons, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) appealed to slums and shanty dwellers to move to safer locations as intense rainfall could lead to landslides. Those living adjacent to the slopes of the hills in two municipal wards in eastern suburbs have been asked to relocate. "Residents who would not relocate will bear...full responsibility of their safety," BMC said.

Ukraine's entry into NATO amid Russia war impossible: Stoltenberg.
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said Ukraine's entry into the military alliance during the war with Russia is "impossible". "I think that everyone realised that, to become a member in the midst of a war, is not on the agenda," Stoltenberg stated. Notably, in April, Stoltenberg had said Ukraine's "rightful place" was in the alliance.

French PM sues biography publisher for violating her privacy.
French Prime Minister Elisabeth Borne faced accusations of "censorship" as she attended a court hearing regarding her lawsuit against a biography. Borne sued the biography publisher for allegedly violating her privacy. The book, titled 'La Secrete', authored by Berengere Bonte, mentioned rumours about Borne being a lesbian, which she has consistently denied.

Boy tries to climb Los Angeles bridge for social media stunt, dies.
A 17-year-old boy died last Saturday while trying to climb a bridge in US' Los Angeles for a social media stunt, police said. According to the police, the teen slipped and fell while he was climbing on one of the bridge's arches. Notably, the bridge has been closed several times by police amid reports of street racing and illegal takeovers.

ITC shares hit record high, extend gains after Q4 results.
ITC shares hit a high of ₹442.85/piece on Thursday, extending its gains for the fifth day in a row after reporting March quarter results. The stock has gained 33% so far this year after gaining nearly 60% in 2022. Shares have risen 71% from their 52-week low of ₹258.55/piece. Its revenue from operations increased by 5.6% during the March quarter.

Demand-supply gap in Indian aviation industry: SpiceJet CMD Singh.
SpiceJet CMD and ASSOCHAM President Ajay Singh said there is a demand-supply gap in the Indian aviation industry, though temporary. "During peak season, fares will go up because demand outstrips supply and during the lean season, fares go down to levels which are unsustainable because demand doesn't keep pace with the supply that exists," he added.

Bengaluru likely to receive more rains for next 5 days.
Bengaluru is likely to receive more rainfall for next five days as India Meteorological Department has issued a yellow alert. Thunderstorms and gusty winds are likely for the next 48 hours. The IMD asked people to stay indoors unless necessary. On Sunday, a 22-year-old Infosys techie died as the car in which she was travelling got stuck in neck-deep water.

Punjab CM Bhagwant Mann gets Z-plus security from Centre.
Punjab Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann got Z-plus security cover from the Centre reportedly over a "possible threat to him". A team of 55 armed Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel has been earmarked for it. The security, along with Punjab Police personnel, will secure the chief minister's house and immediate family members too.

What are the features of Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link?.
The Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link is a six-lane 22-km-long bridge which is being touted as India's longest sea bridge. It will reduce the travel time between Sewri in Mumbai to Chirle in Navi Mumbai from 1.5 hours to 20 minutes. The bridge, whose sea length is over 16 km, is designed for a vehicular speed of 100 kmph.

You have the worst customer experience: Nikhil Chinapa to Vistara.
DJ Nikhil Chinapa tweeted, "Dear Vistara, I've just got off a phone call with an executive of yours." He added, "You have, without question, the worst customer experience for your frequent flyers. If you'd like details, please talk to the guy who I just spoke with." Vistara responded to him, "This is truly not the experience we wanted to deliver."

Kept his photo everywhere for inspiration: UPSC Rank 2 holder Garima who lost her father.
Bihar's Garima Lohia, who bagged the second position in UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022, said she could crack the exam because of her late father's blessing. Remembering her father, Garima said, "It's his blessing behind my success. I've kept his photo everywhere for inspiration." Garima, a Commerce graduate from Delhi University's Kirorimal College, cracked the exam in her second attempt.

Babar Azam shares video of him riding sports bike at high speed, fans react.
Pakistan captain Babar Azam took to Twitter to share video of him riding a BMW sports bike at high speed. "Ready, set, GO!" Babar captioned the video. Reacting to the video, a fan wrote, "Easy there Bobby! Could this need for speed wait till after the ODI World Cup." "No more bikes till the World Cup please," wrote another.

Virat Kohli becomes first Asian to cross 250 million followers on Instagram.
Former Team India captain Virat Kohli has become the first Asian to cross 250 million followers on Instagram. Kohli had reached 200 million followers on Instagram in June last year and 150 million followers in September 2021. Overall, Kohli is the third sporting celebrity to reach 250-million follower mark after Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.

AI may kill many people: Google's ex-CEO Eric Schmidt.
Google's ex-CEO Eric Schmidt raised his concern that Artificial intelligence (AI) is an "existential risk". He added, "And existential risk is defined as many, many, many, many people harmed or killed." He also said, "There are scenarios not today, but reasonably soon...where these systems will be able to find zero-day exploits in cyber issues, or discover new kinds of biology."

Thundersquall and hailstorm warning issued for 9 states/UTs.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued thundersquall and hailstorm warning for Uttarakhand, Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Uttar Pradesh, north Rajasthan and West Bengal. It also issued hailstorm warning for Jammu and Sikkim. Moderate to heavy rainfall is very likely at isolated places over Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab and north Rajasthan on May 25.

MiG-29K makes first-ever night landing on INS Vikrant, Navy shares pics.
The Indian Navy successfully undertook the maiden night landing trials of MiG-29K on INS Vikrant. Calling it a "historic milestone", the Navy said the trials are indicative of the Navy's "impetus towards self-reliance". "This challenging night landing trial demonstrates the resolve, skill and professionalism of the Vikrant crew and the Naval pilots," the Navy tweeted, sharing video and pictures.

Denying sex to spouse for a long time without sufficient reason is mental cruelty: HC.
Not allowing sexual intercourse to spouse for a long time without sufficient reason amounts to mental cruelty, Allahabad HC observed while hearing a man's appeal against dismissal of divorce petition by family court. He had alleged that after marriage, his wife's behaviour changed and she lived separately. The husband had sought divorce decree citing mental cruelty and long desertion.

Encounters very small part of strategy against criminals: UP Special DG Law and Order.
Prashant Kumar, Special DG Law and Order of Uttar Pradesh Police, said encounters are a very small part of CM Yogi Adityanath's zero-tolerance strategy against criminals. He added, "If first-timers or criminals with lesser criminal history attack police they ought to be countered." He also said encounters are not unique to UP and happen in the US too.

Iran unveils new missile capable of reaching Israel.
Iran unveiled a new version of a ballistic missile with enough range to reach Israel, local media reported. Iran Defence Minister Brigadier General Mohammad Reza Ashtiani said the 2,000 km-range missile could be prepared for launch in a short period. "One...prominent characteristic of this missile is its ability to evade radar detection and penetrate enemy air defence systems," Ashtiani added.

Submit comprehensive revival plan within 30 days: DGCA to Go First.
Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on Thursday asked bankrupt Go First airline to submit a comprehensive restructuring and revival plan within the next 30 days. Go First has been asked to provide detailed information regarding the availability of its operational aircraft fleet, including the status of post holders required, pilots, other essential personnel and maintenance arrangements.

Will act harshly on future attacks on our soil: Russia to Ukraine.
Russia has issued a warning to Ukraine stating that it would respond "extremely" harshly to all future incursions into Russian territory. The threat came after the recent attacks on the Russian city of Belgorod, for which Moscow has blamed Kyiv. Following the attacks, Russia said it has killed at least 70 "Ukrainian saboteurs" in Belgorod.

Barca share video of top goals by Messi, Ronaldinho at Camp Nou.
Barcelona have shared a video comprising top goals scored by Ronaldinho, Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez, Robert Lewandowski among others at Barcelona's home ground Camp Nou, on their YouTube channel. One of the goals included is Messi's goal against Sevilla back in 2019 during the second leg of their Copa del Rey quarterfinal, which helped Barcelona win 6-3 on aggregate.

Vedanta-Foxconn appoints Mike Young to oversee India manufacturing.
Vedanta-Foxconn Semiconductors Limited has appointed Mike Young as Senior Vice President of Project Management Office and Manufacturing Operations. He'll oversee chip manufacturing in India. "Young brings with him 34 years of...experience in front-end semiconductor manufacturing," CEO David Reed said. The veteran earlier served as CEO of Singapore-based Systems on Silicon Manufacturing Company.

Welcome new Parliament inauguration, but can't attend: Mayawati.
BSP chief Mayawati has welcomed the inauguration of the new Parliament building on May 28 and said that the boycott of the ceremony by Opposition parties over President Droupadi Murmu not inaugurating the building is "inappropriate". However, she added that she won't be able to attend the inauguration as she has some prior engagements regarding party meetings.

Kejriwal meets Sharad Pawar in Mumbai amid Delhi ordinance issue.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday met Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar in Mumbai to seek support against the Centre's ordinance on control of services in Delhi. Kejriwal, who is on a two-day visit to Mumbai, was accompanied by Punjab CM Bhagwant Mann during his meeting. Earlier, Kejriwal and other AAP leaders also met Ajit Pawar in Mumbai.

Statements on changing laws 'arbitrarily' is arrogance: Bommai.
Former Karnataka CM Basavaraj Bommai on Thursday said that the statements by the Siddaramaiah-led Congress administration about changing the previous BJP government's legislations "arbitrarily" after coming to power are talks of "arrogance". His remark came following Priyank Kharge's statement that anti-cow slaughter and anti-conversion laws would either be revised or withdrawn by Congress.

Bengaluru-based edtech startup Ulipsu raises ₹26 crore.
Bengaluru-based Ulipsu raised $3.2 million (around ₹26 crore) in pre-Series A round, bringing the total funding to $5.7 million. Individuals from Middle East and Canada participated in the round. Ulipsu will use the funds to diversify its product portfolio, hire people and expand its footprint globally. The edtech startup offers skill-based learning modules to children aged between six and 16.

B'luru man takes loans to pay woman blackmailing him, loses ₹23 lakh.
A 28-year-old Bengaluru-based man lost over ₹23 lakh after he was allegedly blackmailed by a woman he met while playing an online game. As per the complainant, after exchanging numbers, the woman called and recorded a naked video of the man and later started threatening him. The man availed loans and transferred money to two bank accounts provided by her.

Over 500 buildings declared dangerous in Navi Mumbai.
As many as 524 buildings under Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation's jurisdiction have been declared dangerous, the civic body said. Power and water supply to buildings in C-1 category, which is most dangerous, unfit for occupation and requires immediate demolition, will be immediately disconnected, it added. Of the total buildings, 61 are in C-1 category, Municipal Commissioner said in a release.

Senior Pak journalist abducted by unidentified men, claims family.
A senior Pakistani journalist was reportedly kidnapped by unidentified men in Islamabad on Wednesday, his family has claimed. Sami Abraham was reportedly intercepted by multiple cars around 9 pm after he left the BOL News office and was heading home when he was abducted. Notably, Abraham had previously been attacked by unidentified men outside his office in 2022.

Russian soldier rapes 2 schoolgirls on returning from Ukraine war.
A Russian soldier allegedly raped two schoolgirls the day after he returned from the Ukraine war. The 42-year-old reportedly threatened the girls, aged 10 and 12, with a grenade to force them into submission. The incident occurred near their Novosibirsk school. The girls informed their parents about the rapes and told them that the perpetrator was in military uniform.

Net migration to UK surges to record 6,06,000 in 2022.
Annual net migration to the United Kingdom rose to a record high of 6,06,000 in 2022, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said. The increase was driven by rising number of people from outside the European Union, including from Ukraine and Hong Kong, ONS added. UK PM Rishi Sunak has pledged to bring net migration numbers down 5,00,000.

WeWork CFO Andre Fernandez to resign next month.
Workspace provider WeWork's CFO Andre Fernandez is set to resign on June 1, less than a year into the role. Fernandez's resignation was not a result of any disagreement, the company said. The announcement comes days after CEO Sandeep Mathrani announced his exit from the New York-based company. WeWork shares have fallen about 87% so far this year, Reuters reported.

What multiple records did engineer-turned-cricketer Madhwal break during IPL Eliminator?.
MI pacer Akash Madhwal registered figures of 3.3-0-5-5 against LSG in IPL 2023 Eliminator, the best-ever figures in IPL playoff history. These are also the joint-best figures by an Indian in IPL history. Further, it's the most economical five-wicket haul in IPL history. The 29-year-old engineer-turned-cricketer also became the first bowler to take nine wickets in two consecutive IPL matches.

Multi-layer checkpoints to come up for new Parliament opening.
Delhi Police will be tightening security for the inauguration of the new Parliament building in New Delhi by PM Narendra Modi on May 28. Roads leading to the venue will be barricaded and multi-layer security checkpoints will also be set up. Amid the ongoing row over the PM inaugurating the new Parliament building, 19 Opposition parties have boycotted the event.

TN CM writes to Shah, says Amul’s entry to create unhealthy competition with Aavin.
CM MK Stalin said dairy company Amul's entry into Tamil Nadu will create "unhealthy competition". In a letter to Home Minister Amit Shah, Stalin claimed Amul is planning on procuring milk from Farmer Producer Organisations and Self Help Groups, which infringes on the milk shed area of state-run Aavin. "Direct Amul to desist from milk procurement from the...area," he added.

Customers may soon not be forced to buy full strip of medicines: Report.
Customers may not have to purchase the entire strip of medicine when they need only a smaller quantity as the government is holding discussions with the pharma industry, reports said. A suggestion to adopt perforation technology to cut the strip was made to the industry. There was also a recommendation to print the manufacturing and expiry date on each strip.

What is 'Disease X', a concept that the WHO has warned about?.
'Disease X' represents the knowledge that a serious international epidemic could be caused by a pathogen currently unknown to cause human disease. WHO, which listed it as a priority disease, coined the term in 2018. Based on the list, WHO works to develop R&D roadmaps. WHO recently said world must get ready for the next pandemic "with even deadlier potential".

Russian man held in US offers self in inmate swap for WSJ reporter.
A Russian man imprisoned in the US on money laundering charges has offered himself in a possible prisoner swap agreement in exchange for the release of Wall Street Journal (WSJ) reporter Evan Gershkovich. Alexander Vinnik was arrested in Greece based on a US warrant and then extradited there in 2017. Gershkovich was arrested in Russia on espionage charges in March.

Wipro CEO's pay down 5%, CFO's down 28% as Chairman takes 50% cut.
Wipro CEO Thierry Delaporte and CFO Jatin Dalal's pay in FY23 have been cut by 4.76% and 27.73% YoY respectively while its Chairman, Rishad Premji, saw a 50% drop in compensation after the company reported slowing growth. Delaporte's pay has been cut from $10.5 million in FY22 to $10 million in FY23. Dalal's pay in FY23 has dropped $0.416 million.

Sara Ali Khan travels in auto rickshaw to an event, video surfaces.
A video of Sara Ali Khan has surfaced on the internet in which she's seen arriving in an auto rickshaw for the promotional event of her film 'Zara Hatke Zara Bachke', which also stars Vicky Kaushal. When asked by a paparazzo why she's travelling in an auto rickshaw, Sara replied, "My car didn't arrive. I need to leave."

Cops threatening theatre owners in West Bengal: 'Kerala...' maker.
'The Kerala Story' producer Vipul Shah said that the theatre owners in West Bengal and Tamil Nadu are getting threat calls from cops. "[They're being told] that if they showcase the film, their licenses will not be renewed...goons will attack theatres...they'll not get protection," he shared. Vipul further stated, "This is happening in...states [that] claim to be...champions of democracy."

It took me 5 yrs to accept I have epilepsy & it's okay: Fatima.
Actress Fatima Sana Shaikh said that it took her five years to accept that she has epilepsy. "And it's okay, it's not a big issue," she added. "I didn't realise how difficult it must be for my parents and...how much I was creating trouble for them by just not being ready to take the medicines on time," she further said.

Had only ₹500 in my account before signing 'Ali Baba...': Sheezan.
Sheezan Khan shared that before signing 'Ali Baba: Dastaan-E-Kabul', he only had ₹500 left in his bank account. "I told [my mother] that I've got the show. We all cried our heart out," he wrote on Instagram along with a selfie with his family. "I told [mother] we're gonna remember this moment for the rest of our lives," he added.

I cried, don't know what crying was for: Divya on hometown visit.
Actress Divya Dutta recalled a time when she visited her hometown. She said she was approached by a watchman or another employee in the area but she told him she needed five minutes with herself without meeting anyone else. She went on to say that she sat and cried. "I don't know what that crying was for," she added.

Don't have superstar bowling lineup but want to be smartest: Bravo.
Discussing his team's bowling lineup, CSK bowling coach Dwayne Bravo said, "We quickly said in one of our first meetings that...we might not be the team on paper where we have this superstar bowling lineup." "However, we want to be the smartest team and we're on course for that," added Bravo. "That comes from trust...and the work ethic," he stated.

36 Iranian-made drones launched by Russia shot down: Ukraine.
Ukraine on Thursday said it'd shot down all 36 Iranian-made drones launched by Russia in overnight attacks. "The enemy likely aimed to attack critical infrastructure and military facilities," Ukrainian Air Force said, adding that Russia used Shahed-136 and Shahed-131 drones in attacks. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said it'd been an "uneasy night" but commended the work of air defences.

Martinez's brace helps Inter win their 2nd straight Coppa Italia.
Inter Milan won the Coppa Italia for the second consecutive season following a 2-1 triumph against Fiorentina in the tournament's final on Wednesday. Inter Milan attacker Lautaro Martinez scored two goals in the 29th and 37th minute. The club had defeated Juventus last year to clinch trophy. Inter Milan will play against Manchester City in Champions League final.

After defeat, Nikhil Kumaraswamy quits as JD(S) youth wing chief.
Nikhil Kumaraswamy, the son of former Karnataka CM HD Kumaraswamy and grandson of former PM HD Deve Gowda, on Thursday resigned as president of JD(S) youth wing. "The result of [the] Karnataka Assembly election has left me very sad, but it has opened many possibilities for rebuilding the party," he said in a letter to the party's senior leadership.

Congress called sacred Sengol as golden stick gifted to Nehru: BJP.
BJP alleged that Congress displayed disregard for Hindu traditions by calling the sacred 'Sengol' a "golden stick gifted" to former PM Jawaharlal Nehru and tucking it away in a museum. The ceremonial sceptre, which will be installed in the new Parliament building, was given to Nehru to symbolise the transfer of power from the British to India in August 1947.

Have become loose cannons: Kharge on BJP's Siddaramaiah remark.
Congress leader and Karnataka minister Priyank Kharge criticised the BJP over party MLA CN Ashwath Narayan's alleged statement against CM Siddaramaiah and called them "loose cannons". "They've lost the connect between their tongue and...brain. They don't think before they speak," Kharge said. "You cannot demean the Office of...CM or the CM himself and get away with it," he added.

Ola Electric aims for 2023-end IPO, hires Goldman, Kotak: Report.
Electric scooter maker Ola Electric is planning a stock market listing by 2023-end and has appointed investment bank Goldman Sachs and domestic bank Kotak to manage the share sale, Reuters cited a source as saying. Backed by investors such as SoftBank Group and Tiger Global Management, Ola Electric was valued at $5 billion in its last fundraise in 2022.

Momentous occurrence: BJP on 'Sengol' being placed in Parliament.
CR Kesavan, great-grandson of C Rajagopalachari, who recently joined BJP, hailed PM Narendra Modi over the decision to establish 'Sengol' in the new Parliament House and called it a "momentous occurrence". "Only a person...[with] profound understanding of Indian civilisational heritage...and has a deep respect for our...traditions can ensure that such an important event is brought back," he said.

3 leopard skins recovered from man in Odisha, pic surfaces.
A man has been arrested for possessing three leopard skins and other incriminating materials in Odisha's Rayagada district. The arrest was made following a raid by the special task force personnel on the Rayagada-Koraput highway near Siriguda. The leopard skins will be sent to the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun for biological examination.

Suicide bomb blast kills 2 soldiers, policeman & civilian in Pak.
Four individuals, including two soldiers, a policeman, and a civilian, were killed in a suicide bomb attack in Pakistan's North Waziristan. The attack took place in the Datta Khel area on Wednesday. The military's media wing reported that the vehicle-borne bomber aimed to target a public gathering, but security forces intercepted the vehicle on suspicion, averting a potential tragedy.

Suez Canal traffic blocked as Hong Kong cargo ship runs aground.
A Hong Kong-flagged cargo vessel, the Xin Hai Tong 23, ran aground at the southern mouth of the Suez Canal, causing a blockage in the busy shipping lane. The incident disrupted traffic until the ship was successfully refloated by Leth Agencies, the authority overseeing canal operations, over two hours later. Tracking data confirmed the grounding and subsequent rescue operation.

Sudan conflict displaced over 1.3 million people: UN.
The fighting between Sudan's military and paramilitary force has displaced over 1.3 million people since April, UN's International Organization for Migration said. The agency said the clashes have forced over 1 million people to leave their homes to safer areas within Sudan. While 3,20,000 others fled to neighbouring countries including Egypt, Ethiopia, the Central African Republic and Libya.

Mankind Pharma Chairman's wife sells Delhi bungalow for ₹91 crore.
Poonam Juneja, a Director at Mankind Pharma, recently sold a bungalow in Delhi's posh Vasant Vihar area for ₹91 crore, as per Zapkey documents. Poonam is the wife of the pharmaceutical company's Chairman Ramesh Juneja. Promoters of Everest Pressure and Vacuum Systems have bought the 1,501-square-metre building. Earlier, Income Tax Department conducted searches on the premises of Mankind Pharma.

Increased cigarette tax allowing legal industry to gain: ITC MD.
ITC MD Sanjiv Puri said tax on cigarettes, which was increased in Budget 2023, is allowing legal industry to claw back business from illegal industry. "Legal industry has gained...In continuity of stability we got last year, I think the industry is continuing to see that kind of trend of being able to claw back from illegal industry," Puri added.

Tata may expand in electronics sector, enter chip segment: Report.
Tata Group is planning to expand in electronics segment and may be firming up plans to enter semiconductor industry as it looks for land near its electronics manufacturing facility in Tamil Nadu, The Economic Times reported. Tata Group could either broaden scope of its existing mobile components manufacturing unit there or set up an outsourced semiconductor assembly and test unit.

K'taka college withdraws notice telling female students to watch 'The Kerala Story'.
The SVM Ayurvedic Medical College in Ilkal, Karnataka, withdrew its circular telling female students to watch 'The Kerala Story'. The college provided free tickets for the 12-3 pm show on Wednesday at 'Srinivas Talkies' for students and even cancelled afternoon classes. "I apologise for issuing a circular...and cancellation of classes for the same," Principal KC Das said.

Uday Kotak's son Jay confirms engagement to ex-Miss India Aditi, shares pics.
Jay Kotak, son of billionaire banker Uday Kotak, shared a post confirming his engagement to Miss India 2015 Aditi Arya. Congratulating her for graduating from Yale University, Jay wrote on Twitter on Wednesday, "Aditi, my fiancée, completed her MBA from Yale University today. Immensely proud of you @AryaAditi." Jay Kotak is currently Co-head of Kotak811.

I enjoy it: Naveen-ul-Haq on fans targeting him with 'Kohli, Kohli' chants.
On being asked about fans targeting him with 'Kohli, Kohli' chants in every match since their verbal fight, LSG pacer Naveen-ul-Haq said, "I enjoy it. I like everyone...chanting Kohli's name or any other player’s name." He added, "It gives me passion to play well for my team.” He further said, "As professional sportsmen you've to take this in your stride."

LSG mute 'mangoes', 'sweet', 'aam' words on Twitter after exit from IPL 2023.
LSG muted 'mango', 'mangoes', 'sweet' and 'aam' words, and mango emoji after being eliminated from IPL 2023 by MI. Sharing screenshot of list of muted words, LSG wrote, "Issued in our interest." Notably, Virat Kohli fans trolled LSG pacer Naveen-ul-Haq with mango posts. Earlier, Naveen posted Instagram Stories with mangoes to take dig at Kohli whenever RCB didn't perform well.

Meta India's legal head among top executives laid off: Report.
Meta India's Legal Director Amrita Mukherjee is among the top executives who were let go in the recent round of layoffs at the company, Moneycontrol reported. According to Mukherjee's LinkedIn profile, she has been with Meta for the past 10 months. Prior to this, she was Hotstar's legal head. Meta slashed jobs across its business and operations units on Wednesday.

AirAsia passenger sexually harasses flight attendant, arrested at B'luru airport.
A passenger travelling in a Kochi to Bhopal via Bengaluru AirAsia flight was arrested in Bengaluru for allegedly sexually harassing a flight attendant. As the attendant stood near the aircraft's back seat when passengers were deboarding in Bengaluru, the accused came up from behind and touched her rear. The accused works as a manager with a private firm in Kerala.

UP man who raped, killed 30 kids sentenced to life in 1 case; walked 40km to find kids.
A Delhi court has sentenced a UP man, who allegedly raped and killed 30 kids in Delhi, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh, to life in prison. The court convicted Ravinder Kumar of kidnapping, sexually assaulting and murdering a six-year-old girl. Police had said he would look for children after taking drugs and would sometimes walk as much as 40 kilometres.

2 multi-storey buildings destroyed in massive fire in Sydney, people evacuated.
Two multi-storey buildings were destroyed after a major fire broke out in a building in Sydney, Australia, the fire department said. It added that over 100 firefighters were called to douse the blaze. The incident happened close to Sydney's central railway station and people in surrounding buildings were evacuated, an official said. The fire has been contained.

World's biggest nuclear plant may stay shut as worker leaves papers on car roof.
An employee of Tokyo Electric Power Company, which operates the world's largest nuclear power plant Kashiwazaki-Kariwa in Japan, placed documents on top of a car before driving off and losing them. The company is still trying to recover 38 pages. The incident could further delay the restarting of the plant, which was already postponed by Japanese regulators a week ago.

Vietnam noodle vendor who imitated 'Salt Bae' to mock minister jailed.
A noodle vendor in Vietnam has been sentenced to five-and-a-half years in prison over a viral video that was viewed as mocking a senior government official. In 2021, Bui Tuan Lam was filmed imitating the cooking gestures of celebrity chef 'Salt Bae' days after Vietnam's Public Security Minister was seen eating gold-encrusted steak at the chef's restaurant in London.

Which top firms among 522 companies have withdrawn from Russia?.
As many as 522 companies have publicly announced that they are or have already voluntarily withdrawn Russian operations over the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war, according to a list compiled by Yale University. The top firms in this list include Netflix, McDonald's, Ford, PwC, Ernst & Young, Shell, Adidas, LVMH and Vodafone. The list also includes India's Tata Steel and Canara Bank.

Everyone asked for my autograph for 1st time: Divya on 'Veer...'.
Actress Divya Dutta revealed that she was surrounded by fans asking for her autograph for the first time after 'Veer-Zaara'. She said that she thought that she would be typecast as the best friend of the heroine after the movie and walked out of the premiere during the interval covering her eyes. But she was greeted by people surrounding her.

You've to choose right words to say no: Kunal on rejecting scripts.
Actor-director Kunal Kemmu said that he rejects scripts out of a fear of becoming repetitive rather than getting typecast. "You have to choose the right words...[Nobody] likes hearing a no," he said. "I have always said that I will be uncomfortable doing a certain role and won't deliver the performance [makers] will pay me for," Kunal added.

No one dared to ask me out due to dad's personality, jokes Pooja.
Actress Pooja Bedi said that no one dared to ask her out because of her father Kabir Bedi's height and personality. She said this while replying to comedian Kapil Sharma asking her about boys approaching her in college. Kapil asked Pooja if the fact that no one asked her out makes her sad and she laughed at the question.

Ukraine's role in Putin's assassination plot likely: US officials.
US intelligence officials believe Ukraine was likely behind the assassination attempt on Russian President Vladimir Putin via a failed drone attack on the Kremlin earlier this month, reports stated. The officials added that Ukraine is possibly behind other killings and incursions on Russian territory. However, officials couldn't ascertain exactly which unit was behind the drone attack.

Video shows Sachin, Nita Ambani's celebration post MI's win vs LSG.
A video showing MI mentor Sachin Tendulkar, MI owner Nita Ambani celebrating their team's win over LSG in IPL 2023 Eliminator has surfaced online. Chasing 183, LSG were bundled out for 101 runs in 16.3 overs. MI pacer Akash Madhwal conceded five runs and picked five wickets in the match. MI recorded their first win against LSG in IPL history.

People don't expect us to do what we've done but we manage: Rohit.
Talking about MI reaching the IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 where they'll face GT, MI captain Rohit Sharma said, "People don't expect us to do what we've done but we [manage]. That's what we've done over the years." Discussing MI's win in IPL 2023 Eliminator, Rohit stated, "We knew [that the] whole team needs to come to the party in Chennai."

Real Madrid players wear no. 20 jersey in support of Vinicius Jr.
Real Madrid players came out wearing Vinicius Jr's jersey number 20 before their match against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday to show support for Vinicius who faced racial abuse on Sunday. The club stated Vinicius didn't play the match due to a minor knee injury. He was shown a red card in Sunday's match for reportedly 'slapping' an opposition player.

Google CEO meets EU Industry Chief to set up voluntary AI pact.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai met with EU's Industry Chief Thierry Breton to discuss a collaboration on a voluntary AI pact. Breton said Pichai was in agreement that they "cannot afford to wait until AI regulation actually becomes applicable and to work together with all AI developers to already develop an AI pact on a voluntary basis ahead of...legal deadline".

Very difficult to have intelligent talks with Congress: Puri.
Union Minister Hardeep Singh Puri said that he would find it very difficult to have an "intelligent" conversation with Congress on the matter of new Parliament building. Congress had earlier demanded for new Parliament building, and when now there is one, they are criticising it, he added. Earlier, Puri had criticised Congress for demanding inauguration to be done by President.

Won't attend the event: NC on new Parliament building inauguration.
National Conference (NC) MP Hasnain Masoodi on Thursday said the party will not attend the inauguration of the new Parliament building. "This is...unfair that the President is not being called for the inauguration of the new...Parliament House," Masoodi said. "Many are saying that earlier...such incidents happened but...in the past only a part of Parliament was inaugurated by them," he added.

1 man's ego denied Prez of her Constitutional privilege: Ramesh.
Congress' Jairam Ramesh on Thursday criticised the Centre for denying President Droupadi Murmu her "Constitutional privilege" to inaugurate the new Parliament building. It is one man's ego and desire for self-promotion that have denied the first Adivasi woman President of her Constitutional privilege, Ramesh said. Notably, 19 Opposition parties announced they were boycotting the event.

Dictator bent on killing him: Kejriwal after Jain falls in Tihar.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has prayed for former Health Minister Satyendar Jain's recovery after he slipped and fell in a bathroom in Tihar Jail and was taken to a hospital. He claimed that a "dictator is bent on killing" Jain, who worked day and night to provide "good health" to public. AAP has said that Jain is on oxygen support.

Kindly re-think: FM to parties boycotting Parliament inauguration.
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman urged Opposition parties to attend the inauguration of the new Parliament building, saying that Parliament "is a temple of democracy". "Even the PM entered the Parliament by bowing on its steps...Kindly re-think, change your stand and participate in the ceremony," she added. This comes after 19 Opposition parties issued a joint statement to boycott the event.

Dubai-bound IndiGo flight suffers bird hit on runway in Mangaluru.
A Dubai-bound IndiGo flight suffered a bird hit as it reached the runway at Mangaluru airport in Karnataka, following which the take-off was cancelled. Around 160 passengers onboard the flight were evacuated and later accommodated in another IndiGo flight, according to reports. The pilot had immediately informed air traffic control and the flight returned to apron, an airport spokesperson said.

Govt hasn't done enough: Biden on Uvalde shooting anniversary.
On the first anniversary of the Uvalde school shooting, US President Joe Biden said the government did not do enough in the matter. "We...need to ban...AR-15 assault weapons once again...they have been used time and again in mass killings of innocent children and people," he said. An 18-year-old gunman shot dead 21 people, including 19 kids, last year in Uvalde.

Hitler's birthplace to be centre for police human rights training.
Dictator Adolf Hitler's birthplace in Austria will be used as a centre to provide human rights training to police officers. Hitler was born in a rented room on the top floor of a 17th-century house, located close to the country's border with Germany. The house had reportedly been vacant since 2011 and was purchased by the Austrian government in 2016.

Gauahar Khan loses 10 kg in 10 days after her son's birth, shares pic.
Bollywood actress Gauahar Khan shared an image on Instagram and said she lost 10 kgs in 10 days after her son's birth on May 10. "6 more to go," she wrote. Earlier, as she shared an image of herself on Instagram, she wrote she didn't have the energy to be "glammed up" but she is grateful for her blessings.

Drone pic of UK harbour that looks like a dolphin goes viral.
A photographer named Rhys Jones has posted a drone picture of a UK harbour that looks like a dolphin. The picture posted on Facebook page Pwllheli Drone Photos has gone viral. "I've been up several times above the marina but it's the first time I've noticed this," the photographer said.

BCCI denies agreeing to PCB's hybrid model for Asia Cup: Report.
After reports emerged that the BCCI has agreed to PCB's hybrid model for staging Asia Cup, the Indian board officials refuted the reports. "The respective presidents of...Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Sri Lanka cricket boards will grace IPL 2023 final...We'll hold discussions with them for outlining the future course of action in relation to Asia Cup 2023," BCCI Secretary Jay Shah said.

Satyendar on oxygen support after he falls in jail bathroom: AAP.
Delhi former minister Satyendar Jain has been put on oxygen support and is being shifted to Lok Nayak Hospital, the AAP said. Earlier today, Jain was brought to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital after he slipped and fell in a bathroom in Tihar Jail. The party also shared a picture of Jain which showed him lying on a bed with mask.

PIL demanding Prez should inaugurate new Parliament filed in SC.
Amid the controversy over the inauguration of the new Parliament building, a PIL has been filed in the Supreme Court which sought direction that the President should inaugurate the building, ANI reported. This comes as 19 Opposition parties have decided to boycott the inauguration ceremony. PM Narendra Modi is set to inaugurate the building on May 28.

4 get 7-year jail for lynching man on suspicion of cow smuggling in Alwar in 2018.
A court in Rajasthan's Alwar on Thursday sentenced four men to seven years of imprisonment and acquitted one person in connection with the lynching of Rakbar Khan on suspicion of cow smuggling in 2018. Rakbar died of multiple injuries. He along with his friend Aslam was transporting cows on foot in the night when the incident took place.

3-yr-old sleeping in parking dies as SUV runs over her in Hyd, incident caught on CCTV.
A three-year-old girl, who was sleeping in a parking lot, died after she was run over by an SUV in Hyderabad's Hayathnagar. The incident was caught on CCTV. The victim went to sleep there as she couldn't bear the heat, her mother said. The accused driver reportedly said he didn't notice the girl as she was covered with a cloth.

Man beheads partner, keeps her body parts in fridge & suitcase in Hyd, held.
A 48-year-old man, identified as B Chandra Mohan, was arrested for allegedly murdering his partner, 55-year-old Anuradha Reddy in Hyderabad. Police said Mohan killed her with a knife and beheaded her. He separated her legs, hands and stored them in a fridge and kept her trunk in a suitcase for disposal. He had borrowed ₹7 lakh from her, police added.

US Prez picks pilot with China knowledge to head Joint Chiefs.
US President Joe Biden has picked US Air Force General Charles Q Brown Jr, a fighter pilot with deep knowledge of China, to serve as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. If confirmed by Senate, Brown would replace US Army General Mark Milley as US' top military officer. Notably, Brown has been involved in US' efforts to arm Ukraine.

Calling PM Modi 'boss' wasn't in Aus PM's speech: Jaishankar.
External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar said that calling Prime Minister Narendra Modi "boss" was not a part of Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese's speech. "He told me that this wasn't in his speech but it was his feeling. He wanted to express that," Jaishankar said. "Today, the world is seeing a new India because of PM Modi's leadership," he added.

My look for 'Remix' was inspired by SRK's 'Mohabbatein': Anup Soni.
Actor Anup Soni, in an interview, said that his look from 2004 TV show 'Remix' was inspired by Shah Rukh Khan's look from 'Mohabbatein'. "I wore the same glasses as [Shah Rukh]. I had a great time working on that," he said. "My role was that of a young, smart teacher. He wasn't like your typical teacher," Anup recalled.

Salman Khan meets young fan, hugs him; video surfaces.
Actor Salman Khan met and hugged a young fan who came running towards the actor. A video of the incident has surfaced online. In the video, Salman can be seen walking, surrounded by security when he looks back at the young boy. The young boy can then be seen rushing towards Khan and hugging him.

I was hoping nothing goes wrong: Esha on high slit gown at Cannes.
In an interview, actress Esha Gupta, who recently walked the red carpet at Cannes Film Festival, talked about her thigh-high slit gown by designer Nicolas Jebran. "I was so nervous...My stomach was upset...I was...hoping that nothing goes wrong on the red carpet," she said. "The response [to my outfit] has been really amazing. I didn't expect that," Esha added.

I returned 'curvy' from US at 16, my dad was intimidated: Priyanka.
Actress Priyanka Chopra said that her dad was intimidated by her when she returned from the United States at 16. "I went a flat-chested 12-year-old and came back home...a curvy 16-year-old...[Dad] was just like, 'I don't know what to do with this girl-child-woman that I have at home'. He really had to grapple with that," she added.

Was told 'Head girl can't set bad example': Divya on acting wish.
Actress Divya Dutta recalled that when she spoke about her wish to become an actor while being the head girl of her school, she was reprimanded and told that head girls are not supposed to set "bad examples". She also said that her mother was told that everyone would break ties with her if Divya went to become an actor.

Great bowling, welcome to 5/5 club: Anil Kumble to Akash Madhwal.
Talking about MI pacer Akash Madhwal who equalled his record of conceding the least runs for an IPL fifer with figures of 5/5 against LSG, ex-India cricketer Anil Kumble said, "Welcome to...5/5 club." "Great bowling in a high-pressure game," Kumble stated. Kumble had registered figures of 5/5 against Rajasthan Royals in 2009.

Failed 12th exam, didn't like studying: Man who qualified UPSC.
Suraj Tiwari, who qualified UPSC exam by securing 917th rank, said that he failed in class 12 and was not interested in studying back then. Tiwari, who lost both his legs, right arm and two fingers of his left hand in a train accident, is a resident of UP's Mainpuri and qualified for the exam on his second attempt.

Meta US employee gets layoff mail at 4:30am, says 'glad it's over'.
Yoonhwan Kim, who worked as an Enterprise Engineer at Meta in US, said he got a mail at 4:30 am, informing him that he'd been laid off. "[I] didn't expect to [share] my first LinkedIn post as 'I lost my job', but it is what it is...A little bittersweet pill to swallow, but I'm...glad that it's over," Kim wrote.

Chandrababu Naidu's TDP to attend new Parliament inauguration.
Chandrababu Naidu-led Telugu Desam Party (TDP) on Thursday said that it will take part in the inauguration of the new Parliament building scheduled on May 28 in Delhi. The party will be represented by its MPs, TDP said in a statement. This comes after 19 Opposition parties, including Congress, AAP and TMC, announced that they will boycott the inauguration ceremony.

Hijab ban issue in SC, no sensible govt will roll it back: Bommai.
Speaking on the matter of hijab ban withdrawal in Karnataka, former CM of the state Basavaraj Bommai said that he doesn't think any "prudent government" will roll back the order brought by the previous BJP government when the matter is in Supreme Court. "If Congress does so, then it will have to face its repercussions," he added.

Grab Co-founder Hooi Ling Tan to step down from operational roles.
Singapore-based Grab Holdings' Co-founder Hooi Ling Tan will step down from her operating roles at the ride-hailing and food delivery company this year. Hooi Ling will transition into an advisory role. She'll also give up her board directorship, Co-founder and CEO Anthony Tan said. The duo had developed the logistics startup from an idea for Harvard Business School venture competition.

Anyone can't hurt our business overnight: Nykaa CEO Falguni Nayar.
Nykaa CEO Falguni Nayar said competition, share sale or top management exits are non-events. "I think for overnight, anyone to hurt our business doesn't happen. So a lot of competition concerns don't seem valid," Nayar said. Talking about five senior Nykaa executives quitting recently, Nayar said, "I think it came on back of past practice of leaving a small company."

Gangster Lawrence Bishnoi shifted from Guj to Delhi's Central Jail.
Gangster Lawrence Bishnoi, an accused in Punjab singer Sidhu Moosewala's murder, has been shifted to Delhi Central Jail from Gujarat on Thursday. An official said, "Bishnoi is a high-risk inmate and also a gang leader with several associates and rivals in Delhi prisons." Bishnoi was brought to Delhi in connection with a case filed by the NIA.

MK Stalin meets CEOs of Singapore firms, holds investment talks.
Tamil Nadu CM MK Stalin met heads of major financial and industrial institutions in Singapore. He said Temasek CEO Dilhan Pillay Sandrasegara, Sembcorp CEO Kim Yin Wong and CapitaLand CEO Sanjeev Dasgupta expressed their keen interest in investing in Tamil Nadu. "We explored the possibilities of expanding the existing investments in renewable energy, industrial parks and logistics," Stalin added.

Man who put foot on ex-US House Speaker's desk during riots jailed.
The man who was photographed with his foot on desk of ex-US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi during Capitol riots on January 6, 2021 has been sentenced to four-and-a-half years in prison. Richard Barnett, who was armed with a stun gun, had joined supporters of then-President Donald Trump who stormed the building in a bid to overturn the 2020 election result.

'Ukrainian spy' nabbed as he walks on road in Russia, shows video.
A video has surfaced showing a suspected Ukrainian spy being nabbed by Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) as he walked on a street in Russia. The man was an employee of a military plant, Russian authorities have claimed. Russia has intensified its crackdown on 'saboteurs' following the recent attack on its city of Belgorod, for which it has blamed Ukraine.

Economy on steady autopilot, ticks all right boxes: CEA Nageswaran.
Chief Economic Adviser V Anantha Nageswaran said barring monsoon and geo-political risks, Indian economy is on a "steady autopilot" and "ticks all the right boxes at this point". Trade is "not singing a different tune" as goods exports are falling and decline in imports is due to lower crude oil prices, Nageswaran said. He added he's confident about inflation trajectory.

IAMAI elects Dream11 CEO Harsh Jain as chairperson.
The Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) has elected Dream11 CEO Harsh Jain as the new chairperson of the association. Rajesh Magow, co-founder and group chief executive of MakeMyTrip, will now serve as the Vice Chairman of IAMAI, whereas Times Internet's Satyan Gajwani has been appointed as the industry body's treasurer.

Will review orders bringing bad image: Priyank on K'taka hijab ban.
Congress' Priyank Kharge said that Karnataka government will review any executive order or bill, enforced by the previous BJP government, that brings "bad image" to state. Kharge's remark came after there were demands to overturn the hijab ban imposed on educational institutions in the state. The order was challenged in Supreme Court after Karnataka High Court upheld state government's order.

PM Modi flags off Uttarakhand's first Vande Bharat Express.
PM Narendra Modi has flagged off Uttarakhand's first Vande Bharat Express via video conferencing. The train will run between Delhi and Dehradun on all days except Wednesday and will cover the distance in 4 hours and 45 minutes. PM Modi will also dedicate newly electrified rail line sections in the state, which will make Uttarakhand's entire rail route 100% electrified.

German economy enters recession.
German economy has entered recession, data from the statistics office showed. Gross domestic product fell by 0.3% for the first quarter of 2023 when adjusted for price and calendar effects, the data showed. This follows a decline of 0.5% in the fourth quarter of 2022. A recession is commonly defined as two successive quarters of contraction.

Dua Lipa announces relationship with director Romain Gavras; shares pics.
Dua Lipa took to Instagram to officially announce her relationship with French director Romain Gavras. She shared photos with a caption that translated as, "Last night in Cannes with my sweetheart." The singer was previously rumoured to be dating Trevor Noah, however, she announced that she was single as soon as the rumours began.

I don't think Yashasvi needs to be fast-tracked into ODIs: Karthik.
Talking about RR batter Yashasvi Jaiswal who scored 625 runs in IPL 2023, RCB wicketkeeper-batter Dinesh Karthik said he doesn't believe Jaiswal "needs to be fast-tracked into the ODI setup". Karthik stated that there are not many ODIs left to be played before the World Cup this year. "Jaiswal needs to be fast-tracked into the T20I setup," Karthik added.

Tina Dabi announces 40-bigha land for Pak Hindu refugees after houses razed in Raj.
IAS officer and Jaisalmer District Collector Tina Dabi announced 40 bigha land allotment for the rehabilitation of Hindu refugees from Pakistan. "Those who have citizenship will be allotted land on priority, while the others will be lined up for the applications and procedure," she explained. Earlier, houses of Hindu refugees from Pakistan were razed in Jaisalmer which led to protests.

Sex racket running in 8 spas of Ghaziabad's Pacific Mall busted, 99 detained.
Uttar Pradesh Police busted a sex racket allegedly running in eight spa centres of Pacific Mall in Ghaziabad and detained 99 people including 60 women and 39 men. DCP Trans Hindon Vivek Chandra Yadav said, "Many people were caught in objectionable conditions...Victims of prostitution were rescued." He added action will be taken against the owners and managers of the centres.

Shinde, Fadnavis take test drive on Mumbai Trans Harbour Link.
Maharashtra CM Eknath Shinde and Deputy CM Devendra Fadnavis inspected the Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (MTHL), dubbed as India's longest sea bridge, on Wednesday. Both the leaders also took a test drive in a car on MTHL, a video of which was shared by Fadnavis on his Twitter handle. "OMG! It's almost ready...What more could I ask for," he tweeted.

Anurag, Sunny attend Cannes Film Festival; pics, videos surface.
Pictures of filmmaker Anurag Kashyap and actress Sunny Leone from the Cannes Film Festival 2023 have surfaced online. Their film 'Kennedy' premiered at the Festival on May 24. While Sunny was seen in a risqué thigh-high slit blush pink gown, Kashyap wore a black suit for the event. In a video, Kashyap can be seen helping Leone with her outfit.

Aditi Rao Hydari shares pics from Cannes, actor Siddharth reacts.
Actress Aditi Rao Hydari shared pictures of her appearance at Cannes Film Festival on Instagram. The actress wore a blue flared strapless Oscar de la Renta gown and accessorised it with cuffed diamond earrings. Aditi's rumoured boyfriend actor Siddharth commented on her post and wrote, "Oh my", with a heart-eyed and fire emoji.

Whiskey and actors don't have an expiry date: Sachin on retirement.
Actor Sachin Pilgaonkar said that a person like him "can't even think of retirement". "I don't think any whiskey bottle or an actor has an expiry date...I feel things are here to stay and if they are, let them stay, there is no harm in it...as long as you don't overkill or impose yourself on something," he added.

Dear Nits, you were amongst the best we ever had: Nakuul on Nitesh.
Actor Nakuul Mehta penned a note after the death of his 'Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyara Pyara' co-actor Nitesh Pandey. "Dear Nits, you took me under your wings from the get go...Three years of being on a set with you laid the foundation of everything I learnt," he said. "You...were...amongst the best we have ever had," Nakuul added.

Kangana visits Kedarnath with RRR writer, chants 'Har Har Mahadev'.
Actress Kangana Ranaut visited Kedarnath with 'RRR' writer Vijayendra Prasad. She shared a video from her trip. The video starts with showing an aerial view of the area with a heavy crowd. In the video, Kangana can be seen chanting 'Har Har Mahadev'. The video also has a compilation of pictures from the trip.

Kanye West sued by Gap for $2 mn after failed Yeezy collaboration.
Rapper Kanye West is facing a $2-million lawsuit from clothing retailer Gap over their failed collaboration. According to court documents, Gap filed a claim against West and his Yeezy clothing line in Los Angeles last month. Gap ended partnership with West last year over his anti-Semitic comments. The company had said any form of hate is "inexcusable and not tolerated".

Rashid is underutilised, can hit ball in awkward areas: Vaughan.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan, while talking about the batting skills of Rashid Khan, said Khan is "underutilised" in T20 cricket and has the ability to "hit the ball in awkward areas". "He comes in and plays...brilliant cameos. He has got the skills to hit spin and pace," Vaughan stated. Khan has scored 125 runs in IPL 2023 so far.

Man City's 12-match winning streak ends after 1-1 draw vs Brighton.
Premier League champions Manchester City's 12-match winning streak in the league came to an end after they played a 1-1 draw against Brighton. Phil Foden scored for Manchester City in 25th minute while Julio Enciso scored a goal for Brighton in the 38th minute. Manchester City are at the top of the points table while Brighton are placed at sixth.

AI startup Figure raises $70 million to build humanoid robots.
To build humanoid robots, AI startup Figure has raised $70 million in a funding round led by Parkway Venture Capital. The one-year-old company is presently building its first autonomous humanoid robot 'Figure 01', which aims to do manual labour that currently relies on humans. It'll address labour shortages and reduce the number of workers in unsafe jobs, according to Figure.

India generates 20% world's data, has 2% data centres: Intel exec.
Intel India Managing Director (SMG) Santhosh Viswanathan noted that while India accounts for 20% of the world's data, it has less than 2% of the world's data centre capacity. "The data is going somewhere else," he said. "Having policies around data protection will help propel the industry and ensure we've the infrastructure right where the data is generated," Viswanathan added.

You have every right to do Bitcoin: US Prez candidate DeSantis.
While announcing his Presidential bid, Ron DeSantis backed digital assets like Bitcoin and said, "You've every right to do Bitcoin." Claiming that the present government likes to have control over society, the Republican candidate said, "[They] don't like [Bitcoin]…because they don't control it." If the present government continues for another four years, they'll end up killing Bitcoin, he added.

Jagan Reddy's YSRCP to attend new Parliament building inauguration.
Jagan Mohan Reddy-led YSR Congress Party (YSRCP) will take part in the inauguration of the new Parliament building in Delhi on May 28. "Parliament, being the temple of democracy, reflects our nation's soul and belongs to the people of our country...Boycotting such an auspicious event is not in the true spirit of democracy," the Andhra Pradesh CM said.

Canada & Saudi Arabia restore diplomatic ties after 2018 split.
Canada and Saudi Arabia have agreed to restore full diplomatic ties and appoint new ambassadors. The decision follows discussions held between Canadian PM Justin Trudeau and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in November last year. Saudi Arabia announced severing diplomatic ties with Canada in August 2018, after Ottawa called on the Kingdom to release arrested civil rights activists.

US professor fired for holding machete to journalist's throat.
A college professor in US who held a machete to the throat of a New York Post reporter and threatened to "chop" him up has been fired. The journalist had reportedly gone to the professor's apartment to speak to her about a viral video which showed her criticising anti-abortion protesters on the campus of Hunter College in New York.

Typhoon Mawar hits US' Guam causing blackout for most of island.
Super Typhoon Mawar hit the US territory of Guam on Wednesday, bringing damaging winds and rain and knocking out power for most of the island. It's one of the strongest typhoons to hit Guam in years. Videos posted on social media showed fallen trees, solar panels flying through air and parts of a hotel's exterior wall crumbling to the ground.

First Citizens Bank fires 500 SVB staff, to not affect India team.
First Citizens Bank, which acquired collapsed Silicon Valley Bank after it suffered bank run, has fired about 500 employees or 3% of the latter's staff. First Citizens Bank CEO Frank Holding said the layoffs would only affect "select" corporate SVB positions, adding that neither customer-facing employees nor India-based team would be impacted. First Citizens had acquired SVB in March.

About 5 weeks away from merger with HDFC: HDFC Bank CEO.
HDFC Bank MD and CEO Sashidhar Jagdishan said the lender's merger with Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) is "four or five weeks" away. "Though the real work starts when we announce the date of the merger, a lot of background work has already happened," Jagdishan said. The merger will result in HDFC's housing finance portfolio being absorbed by HDFC Bank.

Delhi HC dismisses Vodafone Idea's plea against ₹2,000-cr penalty.
The Delhi High Court on Wednesday dismissed Vodafone Idea's plea against a recommendation by Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) that would effectively result in a ₹2,000-crore penalty. TRAI said telecom operators violated licensing norms by denying adequate points of interconnect to Reliance Jio. The move was aimed at stifling competition and was anti-consumer, TRAI had said.

Get assured placement with our Financial Analysis Program: Hero Vired.
Hero Vired with edX & Columbia University offers a Certificate Program in Financial Analysis, Valuation & Risk Management. The program includes placement assurance, 1:1 career coaching and a curriculum that'll help you develop industry-relevant skills, the company stated. It also includes a capstone project that'll help learners get real-world experience and 40+ live sessions by industry experts.

Satyendar Jain falls in Tihar Jail's bathroom, brought to hospital.
Delhi former minister Satyendar Jain was brought to Delhi's Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital for a checkup after he slipped and fell in the bathroom in Tihar Jail last night, the jail administration said. Jain has been lodged in the jail after his arrest in connection with a money laundering case. The jail administration added that Jain had suffered minor injuries.

PWD Minister Govindas Konthoujam's house vandalised in Manipur.
Manipur PWD Minister Govindas Konthoujam's house in Bishnupur was vandalised and a person was killed in separate incidents as fresh violence broke out in the state. Locals were "angry" and they alleged that the CM, Govindas and other BJP MLAs are "not doing enough to protect them", an official said. Govindas wasn't at home when the incident occurred.

Actress Samantha Weinstein dies aged 28 in Canada.
Canadian actress Samantha Weinstein has passed away at the age of 28. Weinstein, who started acting at the age of 9, was diagnosed with ovarian cancer two years ago. Her father confirmed the news, saying, "She was so full of positive energy, anyone who ever met her would say that she just lit up every room she walked into."

Who is engineer-turned-cricketer Akash Madhwal, who took 5/5 for MI vs LSG?.
MI pacer Akash Madhwal, who registered record-breaking figures of 3.3-0-5-5 against LSG in IPL 2023 Eliminator, was born on November 25, 1993 in Uttarakhand's Roorkee. Madhwal is an engineering graduate. He made domestic cricket debut for Uttarakhand in 2019. He has taken 67 wickets in 56 professional matches across formats. He used to play tennis-ball cricket until four years ago.

Meta laid off 2 top Indian executives in recent round: Report.
Meta India's Avinash Pant, Director of Marketing, and Saket Jha Saurabh, Director and Head of Media Partnerships, are the top executives who were let go in the recent round of layoffs at the company, Reuters reported. Meta slashed jobs across its business and operations units on Wednesday as part of a plan announced in March to eliminate 10,000 roles.

Giant sunspot 4 times the size of Earth seen on Sun's surface; pic goes viral.
A giant sunspot about four times the size of Earth has been spotted on Sun's surface. The sunspot, AR3310, can be seen using eclipse glasses whose lenses are designed to block out the Sun's harmful UV and infrared rays. Sunspots, which are temporary phenomena, are regions where the Sun's magnetic fields are particularly active.

He assaulted me: Murdered student in complaint to Shiv Nadar University in March.
Sneha Chaurasia, the student who was shot dead inside Shiv Nadar University this month, had complained to the university in March about accused Anuj Kumar. She alleged he assaulted her four times in two months and claimed she had scars on her body. "Once he had held my throat so hard that it choked me to...unconscious state," she said.

Man who lost both his legs, right arm in train accident clears UPSC Civil Services Exam.
Suraj Tiwari, from Uttar Pradesh's Mainpuri, who lost both his legs as well as his right arm and two fingers of his left hand in a train accident in Ghaziabad's Dadri in 2017, has cleared the UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022. Tiwari secured 917th rank. "He is very brave. His three fingers are enough to succeed," Tiwari's father said.

Papua New Guinea PM said for him PM Modi is 'Vishwa Guru': S Jaishankar.
Papua New Guinea PM James Marape, who touched PM Narendra Modi's feet, said that for him PM Modi is 'Vishwa Guru', External Affairs Minister Dr S Jaishankar revealed today. According to Jaishankar, Marape said he doesn't consider PM Modi as just another guest but a 'Vishwa Guru'. "Today, the world is seeing a new India because of...PM Modi," Jaishankar added.

My party leaders are being forced to resign: Ex-Pak PM Imran Khan.
Former Pakistan PM Imran Khan said senior leaders of his Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf party are being pressured to resign. Khan alleged that his associates are being forced out under duress from the government and the military in a manoeuvre to dismantle his party before elections scheduled later this year. Earlier, Khan's close aide and ex-Information Minister Fawad Chaudhry quit the party.

Wipro Chairman Rishad Premji takes 50% compensation cut.
Rishad Premji, Chairman of tech major Wipro, has taken a 50% cut on his compensation for FY23, bringing it down from $1.82 million in FY22 to $951,353. His compensation has dropped for the first time since FY20, when he took a 31% pay cut. Besides the compensation, Premji is entitled to a commission at 0.35% on incremental consolidated net profits.

Adani sees highest wealth surge globally in 3 sessions since Fri.
Billionaire Gautam Adani's net worth rose nearly $12 billion in three sessions between Friday and Tuesday, making him the person with the highest wealth surge globally in that time period. Adani's net worth rose from $52.4 billion to $64.2 billion, beating world's second richest person Elon Musk's $6.3-billion wealth surge. World's richest person Bernard Arnault's wealth fell by $8.9 billion.

My husband asked me to take therapy: Freida on postpartum struggle.
Actress Freida Pinto has revealed that she suffered from postpartum depression. She recalled being anxious and thinking, "I can't do this, what have I done, the baby's always screaming". "My husband was like you need to start seeing a therapist...It was horrible, but I'm happy I went through that because I can relate better," she added.

People said 'you're just a porn star', can't say it now: Sunny.
While speaking about 'Kennedy', actress Sunny Leone said the comments people made about her can't be made this time. "All those people who said...'You know you are just Sunny Leone...the porn star...you are just this glamour quotient that we've added'...You can't say that this time," the actress said, adding that people can't say she's in 'Kennedy' because of her past.

Messi still has 2 years, would sign him: Ex-Real Madrid President.
On being asked if he would sign Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) forward Lionel Messi for Real Madrid, former president of the club Ramon Calderon said, "Of course...He still has two years to play at the highest level." "He is a player that you always have to try to keep close," Calderon stated. Messi's contract with PSG will expire on June 30.

Twitter crashes during Florida Guv's presidential campaign launch.
The campaign launch of Florida Governor Ron DeSantis' 2024 US presidential bid was struck by technical glitches after his Twitter Spaces session with billionaire Elon Musk crashed. "We've got so many people here...I think we're kind of melting the servers," Musk's friend and venture capitalist David Sacks said while attempting to start the event, calling it "a good sign".

OpenAI CEO signs up for iris-scanning crypto giving free tokens.
GPT-4 maker OpenAI's CEO Sam Altman has signed up for Worldcoin crypto, four years after he founded the venture. The project involves scanning people's eyeballs to record their biometric data, making them entitled to a free share of Worldcoin tokens when the crypto officially launches. Altman had been unable to join Worldcoin till now as it's unavailable in US.

We care even for our enemies: PM Modi on India's vaccine diplomacy.
After returning from his three-nation visit on Thursday, PM Narendra Modi spoke about India's vaccine diplomacy and said that India supplied COVID-19 vaccines to the world because it is a land of Buddha and Gandhi and "we care even for our enemies". "The world wants to know what India is thinking," PM said while addressing party workers at Delhi airport.

FIR against K'taka BJP MLA over 'finish off Siddaramaiah' remark.
An FIR has been filed against former Karnataka minister and BJP MLA CN Ashwath Narayan over his alleged statement against state CM Siddaramaiah. Narayan had compared Siddaramaiah to 18th-century ruler of Mysuru Tipu Sultan and asked people to "finish him off the same way". State Congress leaders have also sought Narayan's arrest over the remark.

Brighter, more equal society: Mamata on women's success in UPSC.
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee congratulated the candidates who qualified the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) exams. Stating that 34% of successful candidates are women, CM Mamata said, "I am confident of a brighter and more equal society seeing the first 4 civil ranks are bagged by women. Women have to come forward, they have to lead by example."

Indian Founders of Genrobotics figure in 'Forbes 30 Under 30 Asia'.
Founders of Kerala-based startup Genrobotics have featured in 'Forbes 30 Under 30 Asia' list in Industry, Manufacturing and Energy category. The Founders include 29-year-old Nikhil NP, 28-year-old Vimal Govind MK, 28-year-old Rashid Karimbanakkal and 29-year-old Arun George. Among other robotic devices, the startup makes a robot called Bandicoot to replace human work in cleaning up clogged sewers.

Bageshwar Dham's chief gets Y-category security from MP govt.
Bageshwar Dham's chief Dhirendra Shastri was provided with Y-category security cover by the Madhya Pradesh government, an official said. The MP government has also urged other state governments to provide the same level of security to Dhirendra Shastri if his programmes are organised in their state. The step comes after Shastri's recent spiritual events in Bihar witnessed huge footfall.

Lebanon central bank chief faces travel ban after Interpol notice.
A Lebanese judge has imposed a travel ban on country's central bank chief Riad Salameh following an Interpol red notice against him. Salameh faces charges in Lebanon, France and Germany over accusations that he colluded with his brother to take hundreds of millions of dollars from the central bank and then laundered the money abroad.

Russia denies reports of fire at Ministry of Defence building.
Russia has denied reports of a fire at its Ministry of Defence building in central Moscow, according to state news agency TASS. "A fire broke-out on a balcony at the Ministry of Defense building on Frunzenskaya Naberezhnaya," the agency had initially reported. A video, shared by The Spectator Index, showed smoke around the building.

Nobel Peace Prize winner shifted to brutal jail in Belarus: Wife.
Nobel Peace Prize laureate Ales Bialiatski has been transferred to a notoriously brutal prison in Belarus, his wife Natalia Pinchuk told The Associated Press. Pinchuk said the authorities are creating "unbearable conditions" for her husband. "[They] keep him in strict informational isolation. There's not a single letter from him for a month, nor does he receive my letters," Pinchuk added.

Russia destroys 3 Ukrainian vessels in Black Sea in counterattack.
Russian Defence Ministry released a video showing destruction of three Ukrainian unmanned speedboats in the Black Sea. This came as a counterattack after Ukraine allegedly tried to attack Russian warship Ivan Khurs in an unsuccessful attempt. "All of the enemy's boats were destroyed from the Russian naval ship's standard armaments 140 km northeast of the Bosporus Strait," a spokesperson said.

MI record their biggest win in IPL 2023, knock LSG out of tournament.
MI knocked LSG out of IPL 2023 by defeating them by 81 runs in Eliminator at Chepauk Stadium in Chennai. The victory is MI's biggest (by runs) in IPL 2023. It is also MI's first-ever victory against LSG in IPL. Further, it is the second time in a row that LSG have been knocked out of IPL in Eliminator.

MI's Akash Madhwal records best-ever bowling figures in IPL playoff history.
Mumbai Indians (MI) fast bowler Akash Madhwal on Wednesday recorded the best-ever bowling figures in the history of IPL playoffs. The 29-year-old registered figures of 3.3-0-5-5 against LSG in IPL 2023 Eliminator to set the record. The previous record was held by Doug Bollinger, who registered figures of 4-1-13-4 for CSK in IPL 2010 semi-final against Deccan Chargers.

'Queen of Rock 'n' Roll' Tina Turner dies aged 83.
Singer Tina Turner has passed away at the age of 83 in her home in Küsnacht near Zurich, Switzerland. Dubbed the "Queen of Rock 'n' Roll", Turner won six of her eight Grammy Awards in the 1980s. Turner had suffered a number of health issues in recent years including cancer, a stroke and kidney failure.

It's cruel: Aditya Singh Rajput's mother on drug overdose claims.
Late actor Aditya Singh Rajput's mother has reacted to the claims that the actor passed away due to the overdose of drugs. "By putting such unverified claims, they're maligning [my son's name] and my family. This is...cruel thing to do," she said. She recalled her last conversation with Aditya and said that he didn't say anything about being unwell.

I can't say who, but I've worked with male actors who behaved like divas: Priyanka Chopra.
Priyanka Chopra said she prefers working with actors who come prepared on set. "I can't tell you who. But I've had co-stars that stopped filming for three hours because they need stuff explained...on...production day...Or have diva moments or arrive hours late," she told The Zoe Report. "I've had that happen with a lot of male actors," said Priyanka.

Turkey man with world's longest nose dies of heart attack at 75.
Turkey's Mehmet Özyürek, who had the world's longest nose measuring 8.8 cm, died at the age of 75. The record breaker fell ill and suffered a heart attack before he was due to undergo surgery last week, the Guinness World Records said. Mehmet, whose nose was the length of a playing card, used to say, "I have been blessed".

MI players pose with mangoes to troll LSG's Naveen-ul-Haq, share pic.
MI players Vishnu Vinod, Sandeep Warrier and Kumar Kartikeya posed with mangoes to troll LSG fast bowler Naveen-ul-Haq after MI knocked LSG out of IPL 2023. Sharing a picture on Instagram, Warrier wrote, "Sweet season of mangoes." Notably, Naveen had posted stories with mangoes to take a dig at Virat Kohli whenever RCB didn't perform well in their matches.

CSK share pic, call Ravindra Jadeja 'Our gr8est showman' amid reports of rift.
Chennai Super Kings (CSK) took to Twitter to share a post for Ravindra Jadeja amid reports of rift. Sharing a picture of Jadeja, CSK wrote, "Our gr8est showman." Jadeja is reportedly unhappy with CSK fans and he mentioned in one of his interviews that they wait for him to get out to watch MS Dhoni bat.

Brain implants help paralysed man walk again by just thinking about it.
Gert-Jan Oskam, a 40-year-old man paralysed in a cycling accident 12 years ago, has been able to walk again by just thinking about it using electronic brain implants. "We've created a wireless interface between the brain and spinal cord using a brain-computer interface," neuroscientists and neurosurgeons in Switzerland reported. At this stage, it has only been tested in one person.

In Australia, Opposition attended Sydney event: PM amid Parliament controversy.
PM Narendra Modi said today that the Sydney community event was attended by not only Australian PM Anthony Albanese, but even by the former PM and the MPs from Opposition. "This is the strength of democracy," he said. His remarks come amid a controversy over the inauguration of the new Parliament building. Nineteen Opposition parties said they'll boycott the event.

NDA condemns 19 Opposition parties' new Parliament inauguration boycott, issues statement.
After 19 Opposition parties announced they'll boycott inauguration ceremony of new Parliament building, BJP-led NDA called it "blatant affront to constitutional values of India". "Over past nine years, these parties have...shown scant regard for parliamentary procedures," said NDA. The Opposition parties have accused Centre of ignoring President Droupadi Murmu by not inviting her to the function.

1 dead & 2 critical as DTC bus hits multiple vehicles after brakes fail.
The brakes of a DTC bus failed near Masih Garh Chowk in the New Friends Colony area, killing one person and injuring five others on Wednesday. The bus hit several vehicles, including a car and a two-wheeler. The injured persons have been shifted to hospital and two of them are in serious condition.

Aurangzeb wasn't cruel, didn't destroy temple: Mosque committee.
The Gyanvapi Mosque Committee has told a Varanasi court that Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb wasn't cruel, nor did he demolish any Lord Adi Vishweshwar Temple. The committee also said that no Shivling was found last year inside the Gyanvapi Mosque premises and the object that is being claimed to be a Shivling is actually a fauvara (fountain).

Florida Guv launches 2024 US presidential bid on Twitter with Musk.
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis announced that he is running for US President in 2024 during a discussion with Elon Musk on Twitter. "I am running for president of the US to lead our great American comeback," he said on Wednesday. DeSantis is viewed as ex-President Donald Trump's chief rival to be their Republican party's candidate in the 2024 general election.

Market value of LIC investments in Adani shares rise to ₹45,000 cr.
After Adani Group companies' shares extended their rally for the fourth straight day on Wednesday, LIC's holding value in seven Adani companies hit the ₹45,000-crore mark. This marked a 14% rise over ₹39,878.68 crore in its investments on May 19. Adani's shares surged after Supreme Court panel said it wasn't "possible to conclude regulatory failure on allegation of price manipulation".

Knew he could do job in Archer's absence: Rohit on Madhwal's 5/5.
Talking about pacer Akash Madhwal who took five wickets against LSG in IPL 2023 Eliminator, MI captain Rohit Sharma said he knew Madhwal had skills to do the job in the absence of Jofra Archer. "We needed somebody to bowl at...back end and we knew what he had," Rohit stated. Archer was ruled out of IPL due to an injury.

CSK sponsored me for away games from 2014 to 2022: MSD fan Hari.
Discussing his journey as a CSK, MS Dhoni superfan, Saravanan Hari said, "CSK started sponsoring me for their away games in 2014 and continued thereafter till IPL 2022's conclusion. I wanted to pay by myself for IPL 2023." "Beyond domestic away games, I've travelled to games in UK. CSK were responsible for that...CSK, Dhoni are like my two...eyes," added Hari.

Jordi Alba to leave Barcelona after 11 yrs, won 19 trophies.
Spain captain and defender Jordi Alba will leave Barcelona at the end of the season having spent 11 years with the club. The 34-year-old won 19 major trophies during his stint with Barcelona. Alba joined Valencia in 2005 having emerged through Barcelona's youth team before rejoining Barcelona in 2012. The defender has made 458 appearances for Barcelona so far.

Video shows Saudi's 1st female astronaut arriving at space station.
A video showing Saudi Arabia's first female astronaut Rayyanah Barnawi arriving at the ISS has surfaced. The 33-year-old researcher flew aboard a SpaceX Dragon spacecraft earlier this week, along with a US businessman, retired NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson and a Saudi pilot. "This journey doesn't represent just my ambitions but those of the Arab world and all Saudis," she said.

Recycled plastic more toxic, causes pollution: Greenpeace report.
Recycling plastic can make it more toxic and should not be considered a solution to the pollution crisis, a Greenpeace report stated. As per the global environmental network, plastics aren't compatible with circular economy, and research shows recycled plastics are more toxic than their original form. The best way to address plastic pollution is to reduce its production, Greenpeace added.

Woman escapes human sacrifice in Assam's Sivasagar, tantrik booked.
A man, suspected to be a tantrik, tried to sacrifice a woman to acquire wealth through black magic in Assam's Sivasagar, police said, adding that the woman managed to escape. According to the victim, her mother sold her to the tantrik for ₹2 lakh. The woman called the police, however, by the time police reached, the tantrik had escaped.

MP govt to show names of those who bail out drug peddlers: Mishra.
MP Home Minister Narottam Mishra on Wednesday announced that the government would disclose the identity of people who bail out drug peddlers, by displaying their names on boards in their localities. "The first phase will start from Indore," he said. Mishra also reacted to Congress leader Digvijaya Singh's comment on the withdrawal of ₹2,000 notes.

UP Police bust gang stealing kids, selling them in J'khand, Bihar.
UP Police have busted an interstate gang of child traffickers that was active in Varanasi. The gang lifted around 50 children in a year and sold them for around ₹2-10 lakh in states like Bihar, Jharkhand and Rajasthan, police said. Police have arrested 10 gang members including three women and have recovered three toddlers.

Australian teen dies after trying social media trend 'chroming'.
A 13-year-old girl in Melbourne, Australia, died after participating in a social media trend called 'chroming'. She suffered a cardiac arrest after inhaling chemicals from an aerosol deodorant can during a sleepover with her friends. This dangerous practice, also known as 'huffing', involves inhaling fumes from metallic paints, solvents, petrol, and household chemicals for a quick high.

Trump's hush-money trial to begin months before 2024 US Prez polls.
Former US President Donald Trump's criminal trial over hush-money payments to porn star Stormy Daniels will begin on March 25, 2024, months before the presidential elections. The trial date was announced in a hearing in a Manhattan courtroom on Tuesday, with Trump attending it virtually via video conferencing. Trump launched his bid for presidency earlier this year.

Pressure from West strengthening our ties with China: Russia PM.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said that "pressure" from the West in the form of "illegitimate sanctions" is the reason why Russia-China relations have reached "an unprecedented high level". Mishustin made the comments during a visit to Beijing where he met his Chinese counterpart. Notably, China has proposed to act as a mediator in the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war.

Ex-Pak Army chief's granddaughter held for 'instigating' vandalism.
Former Pakistan Army Chief Asif Nawaz Jangua's granddaughter, Khadija Shah, has been arrested for being a "key instigator" in the attack on the Corps Commander House in Lahore following ex-PM Imran Khan's arrest on May 9. Shah, who is a fashion designer, is a supporter of Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf. Shah is the daughter of ex-Finance Minister Salman Shah.

Rupali Ganguly attends Nitesh Pandey's funeral, video surfaces.
Television actress Rupali Ganguly attended her 'Anupamaa' co-star Nitesh Pandey's funeral, which was held on Wednesday. In a video, which has surfaced online, Rupali was seen getting emotional as she was leaving the funeral. Rupali spoke to ETimes about her bond with Nitesh and how he used to be "fiercely protective" about her. "I'm devastated," the actress expressed.

He had messaged me last week: Anupamaa's Rupali on Nitesh Pandey.
'Anupamaa' actress Rupali Ganguly said she feels "devastated" about the passing away of her co-star and friend Nitesh Pandey. "He...stayed constantly in touch with me...during my sabbatical...He had messaged me just last week...When he came to 'Anupamaa', it felt as if you have your bestie next to you at your workplace," she shared. "Now, I'll never meet him," she added.

Video of CSK CEO's animated chat with Ravindra Jadeja after win vs GT surfaces.
A video surfaced online showing CSK CEO Kasi Viswanathan engaging in animated chat with Ravindra Jadeja after CSK's win over GT in IPL 2023 Qualifier 1. In the video, Kasi can be seen talking to Jadeja while putting his hands on the all-rounder's shoulders. After the match, Jadeja took apparent dig at some fans, suggesting they don't appreciate his contribution.

MI's Tim David gets angry at umpires after being given out, reaction goes viral.
MI batter Tim David got angry at the umpires after being given out in the IPL 2023 Eliminator against LSG on Wednesday. David argued that the delivery should have been called a waist-high no-ball. David got out for 13(13) after being caught in the deep by Deepak Hooda on the bowling of Yash Thakur in the 17th over.

Naveen-ul-Haq records his best-ever bowling figures in IPL.
LSG fast bowler Naveen-ul-Haq on Wednesday recorded his best-ever bowling figures in IPL. The 23-year-old registered figures of 4-0-38-4 against MI in the IPL 2023 Eliminator. This is the first time that Naveen has taken a four-for in an IPL match. Prior to this, he had taken three-for in two matches.

2011 was a big setback year for me; yoga, meditation and living alone helped me: Rohit.
India captain Rohit Sharma, in an interview, said 2011 was a big setback year for him, referring to not being selected in 2011 World Cup squad. Rohit added, "Yoga, meditation and living alone helped me a lot. I realised something has to change, knew my life was on edge and...if I didn't improve...I wouldn't be able to play cricket again."

India will soon acquire its fastest supercomputer worth ₹900 crore: Govt.
India will soon acquire its fastest supercomputer worth ₹900 crore and it is expected to start functioning by March 2024, Kiren Rijiju, Union Minister of Earth Sciences, said. "The new computer can improve forecasting from 12 to 6 km," he added. Compared to 'Mihir', India's fastest supercomputer currently, the new supercomputer will have nearly thrice the capability of 18 petaflops.

Naveen Patnaik's BJD to attend Parliament building inauguration.
The Biju Janata Dal will take part in the inauguration of the new Parliament building in Delhi on May 28. This comes after 19 Opposition parties, including Congress, AAP and TMC, announced that they will boycott the inauguration ceremony. The party said Constitutional institutions should be above any issue which may affect their sanctity and honour.

Speeding truck rams into CRPF vehicle in J&K, video surfaces.
A speeding truck rammed into a CRPF vehicle in J&K's Awantipora, injuring three troopers. A video of the incident surfaced online, the truck can be seen coming from the opposite direction, before slipping into another lane and crashing into the stationary CRPF vehicle. The injured troopers have been shifted to the hospital.

Sarang wanted this: Father of Kerala kid whose organs saved lives.
The father of the 16-year-old Kerala student, whose organs saved six lives after his death, revealed that his son "wanted this". "For the 12 days, I was in the hospital with Sarang, I saw and heard a lot of stories of people waiting for an organ donation as their loved ones fought for life," he said.

Parting ways with Imran: Ex-Pak minister Fawad as he quits PTI.
Former Pakistan Minister Fawad Chaudhry announced on Wednesday that he has resigned from ex-PM Imran Khan's party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI). "I've decided to take a break from politics...and [am] parting ways [with] Imran Khan," Chaudhry, a close aide of Khan, tweeted. Earlier, Pakistani authorities filed multiple FIRs against Chaudhry and accused him of stealing taps and pipes from a school.

He writes most of our breakup texts: Sylvester Stallone's daughter.
Sylvester Stallone's daughter Sistine Stallone revealed on podcast that the actor has often written breakup texts for her and her sisters. Sistine's elder sister Sophia shared, "I highly suggest girls should go up to their dad...have their dad write...breakup text because men know men. I'm telling you." Sistine added that Sylvester is "always standoffish" when they bring their dates home.

Batting with Russell easiest, teams want to dismiss only him: Rana.
KKR captain Nitish Rana said batting with Andre Russell is the "easiest" as teams only look to dismiss Russell rather than the other batter in the partnership. "When they aren't trying to get me out, I try hitting fours and sixes...to maintain my average," added Rana. "The run rate isn't your problem at all. Russell maintains it...by himself," stated Rana.

Rashid made him desperate: Manjrekar on MSD arguing with umpires.
Talking about MS Dhoni's argument with umpires over pacer Matheesha Pathirana not being allowed to bowl due to rules in IPL 2023's Qualifier 1, commentator Sanjay Manjrekar said, "Dhoni was desperate." "He knew...the way Rashid Khan was [batting], he had to give the ball to someone...he believed in," added Manjrekar. "Maybe, Dhoni thought...it would work in his favour," he stated.

ED raids 25 sites in probe against foreign-registered gaming firms.
The Enforcement Directorate has conducted raids at 25 locations in Delhi, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh in a probe against foreign-registered online gaming firms operating in India. The websites are registered in small island countries. However, all of them are linked to Indian bank accounts in the name of proxy persons having no links to online gaming activity.

840 mn people globally may suffer back pain by 2050: Lancet study.
A Lancet study has predicted that over 840 million people worldwide will experience back pain by 2050, primarily due to population growth and the ageing population. The study highlighted that back pain cases are expected to rise significantly in Asia and Africa. Researchers expressed concerns about a healthcare crisis due to the lack of back pain treatment options.

70 persons hospitalised after eating sweets at a wedding in UP.
In a suspected case of food poisoning, around 70 people, including many children, were hospitalised after eating 'rasgulla' (a milk-based sweet) served at a wedding feast in Uttar Pradesh's Kannauj, an official said. Sub-Divisional Magistrate Garima Singh said the patients complained of vomiting and diarrhoea. Some patients were taken to district hospital and some were taken to private hospitals.

Ghaziabad lift makes free fall from 7th floor with 6 people inside.
A newly-installed lift in Ghaziabad carrying a family of six, including a five-month-old baby, made a free-fall from seventh floor on Monday. The elevator reportedly first fell from 10th to seventh floor, then made a free fall to third floor before coming to a halt between ground floor and basement. The family remained trapped inside lift for over 25 minutes.

Newborn stolen from govt hospital in Noida, woman caught on CCTV.
A newborn was stolen from the government-run ESI Hospital, under Sector 24 police station limits, in Noida in the early hours of Wednesday. The child's mother was admitted to the hospital on Tuesday. In a CCTV camera footage, a woman is seen carrying the child at around 4.30 am from the hospital.

No moral policing will be allowed in Karnataka: CM Siddaramaiah.
Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah said no moral policing will be allowed in the state. His comment comes a day after he, along with Deputy CM DK Shivakumar, met senior police officials in Bengaluru and asked them to refrain from moral policing. "The police should not look at crimes through the prism of this religion or that religion," Siddaramaiah told police officials.

25-yr-old fake IPS officer held for extortion, kidnapping in Hyd.
Cyberabad Police arrested a fake-IPS officer allegedly involved in cases of extortion and kidnapping. The accused, 25-year-old Naga Raju Karthik Raghu Varma aka Karthik, hails from Andhra Pradesh's Bhimavaram. The police seized a country-made pistol and other material, worth ₹2 lakh from him. Karthik was arrested in eight similar cases in Telangana, Andhra Pradesh and Jharkhand.

95-yr-old woman with dementia dies on being tasered by Aus police.
A 95-year-old woman who was tasered with a stun gun by a police officer in an Australian old age home died on Wednesday. The woman, Clare Nowland, was tasered after staff found her holding a knife outside her room in the centre in Cooma, Australia. Nowland had suffered fracture to her skull after the incident on May 17.

Sri Lankan Navy recovers 14 bodies from capsized Chinese boat.
The Sri Lanka Navy has retrieved 14 bodies from a Chinese fishing vessel that capsized in the central Indian Ocean on May 16. The vessel carried 39 individuals, including Chinese, Indonesian, and Philippine mariners. Lankan Navy divers recovered two bodies from the Captain's cabin and accommodation area, and the other 12 bodies were found in different compartments of the vessel.

India's services sector exports defy slowdown: Morgan Stanley.
India's services exports are defying the global slowdown and continue to grow even as goods exports have contracted, according to Morgan Stanley. The country's services exports are now 150% of the $218 billion recorded in 2019 at $332 billion in 2023. India's share in global services exports has hit an all-time high of 4.9%, it said in a recent report.

General business sentiment in India is optimistic: Tata Power MD.
Praveer Sinha, MD & CEO, Tata Power and Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Western Region Chairman said the general business sentiment in India is optimistic. He further said that there is plenty of scope for ease of doing business in India to improve. He further said, CII supports startups to get the best technology, processes and people.

HSBC looking at possible exit from 12 countries: CFO Elhedery.
HSBC is reviewing a possible exit from as many as one in five of the countries it operates in, CFO Georges Elhedery said. The reviews could see HSBC deciding to sell or streamline businesses in 12 countries. HSBC has faced pressure from Chinese shareholder Ping An to prioritise growth in its Asian business which reportedly generates 78% of group profit.

Staff's April salary to be paid before operations resume: Go First.
Go First has informed its employees that their salary for April will be fully paid to them before the carrier restarts its operations. In an email, Go First Vice President-Flight Operations Captain Rajit Ranjan said, "The CEO has assured that the salary for the month of April will be credited to your account before the commencement of operations."

Army helicopter makes emergency landing in Raj due to poor weather.
An Indian Army helicopter was forced to make an emergency landing in Rajasthan's Bikaner on Wednesday afternoon. The helicopter was reportedly carrying three Army personnel apart from pilot and landed due to poor weather. Eyewitnesses said the helicopter descended while playing a siren before ascending again and landing later. It was covered to keep it safe from adverse weather conditions.

Naveen-ul-Haq executes KL Rahul-like celebration after dismissing Rohit Sharma, pic viral.
LSG fast bowler Naveen-ul-Haq pulled off a KL Rahul-like celebration after dismissing MI captain Rohit Sharma for 11 runs off 10 deliveries in IPL 2023 Eliminator on Wednesday. Naveen covered his ears with fingers after taking the wicket of Rohit in the fourth over. LSG shared a picture of Naveen's celebration, writing, "Big wicket. Top celebration."

MI to bat first against LSG in IPL 2023 Eliminator, playing XIs announced.
MI captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bat first against LSG in IPL 2023 Eliminator at Chepauk Stadium in Chennai on Wednesday. Hrithik Shokeen has replaced Kumar Kartikeya in MI's playing XI. The winner of the match will face defending champions GT in Qualifier 2 on Friday, while the loser will be eliminated from the tournament.

Ronaldo performs 'sajdah' after scoring goal, video goes viral.
Al Nassr forward Cristiano Ronaldo performed 'sajdah' after scoring a goal against Al Shabab in a Saudi Pro League match. A video of his celebration has gone viral on social media. Ronaldo's goal helped his team win the match 3-2. Al Nassr are currently placed second with two matches remaining in the league.

Moon, Mars and Venus to line up in rare conjunction tonight.
In a rare conjunction, the Moon, Mars and Venus will form an alignment, though not straight, in the skies tonight. Venus can be best seen in the hours just after sunset and will shine bright next to Moon. Mars will also rise at the same time, right above Venus. The Moon is currently in the Waxing Crescent phase.

Some bank branches run out of cash on 2nd day of ₹2,000 note exchange: Report.
Some bank branches ran out of cash and temporarily halted the exchange of ₹2,000 notes on the second day of the exchange of the notes, PTI reported. More than anticipated demand during the first half in some branches led to the shortage of ₹500 and below denomination currency. Customers waited for some time till replenishment came from the currency chest.

What is US debt ceiling crisis that could hit economies worldwide?.
US faces a risk of defaulting on its debt in early June, potentially hitting economies worldwide. The debt ceiling is the total amount the US government is allowed to borrow for its expenditure, and currently, it's $31.4 trillion. The US hit this debt ceiling on January 19. Republicans are refusing to raise it unless Democrat-run government agrees to their demands.

WHO warns of next pandemic with even deadlier potential.
WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the world must get ready for the next pandemic after COVID-19. "Threat of another variant emerging that causes new surges of disease and death remains, and the threat of another pathogen emerging with even deadlier potential remains," he said. "When...next pandemic comes knocking – and it will – we must be ready," Tedros added.

Nitesh Pandey wrote a script, pitched it to Vidya Balan: Sucheeta.
Nitesh Pandey's 'Indiawaali Maa' co-star Sucheeta Trivedi revealed that the late actor was working on a script, which he had pitched to Vidya Balan and some other celebrities. "He was planning to submit his script to some production houses and OTT platforms for the financial backing," she revealed. Sucheeta added that Nitesh wanted to start his own production house.

Didn't want to do 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag', had crush on Farhan: Divya.
Divya Dutta revealed that she didn't want to do 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag' as she didn't want to play Farhan Akhtar's sister. "I had...huge crush on Farhan. I was like, 'Why should I play his sister?'" Divya recalled. She added that when she met Farhan on the sets of 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag', she thought, "This isn't Farhan. This is Milkha."

10,000 Russian prisoners died while fighting in Ukraine: Wagner.
The head of Russia's mercenary arm Wagner, Yevgeny Prigozhin, said that around 10,000 prisoners he recruited to fight in Ukraine have been killed. The convicts had reportedly been recruited on the promise of amnesty upon their return to Russia. Separately, Prigozhin said his fighters will pull out of Ukraine's Bakhmut by June 1 and transfer control to the Russian army.

Chawla was considered useless last yr, no match this yr: Harbhajan.
Ex-India spinner Harbhajan Singh said MI spinner Piyush Chawla was "not considered" useful by any franchise last season, having gone unsold in IPL auction last year. "He has told every team this season...there's no replacement for experience. There's no match for him," added Harbhajan. The spinner is MI's leading wicket-taker in IPL 2023 so far, having accounted for 20 dismissals.

Will arrest Putin if he comes here: Moldova President Sandu.
Moldova's President Maia Sandu has declared that her country will comply with the ruling of the International Criminal Court (ICC) and arrest Russian President Vladimir Putin should he set foot on Moldovan soil. Reacting to Sandu's statement, Russia said it could initiate a criminal case against her. The ICC has accused Putin of committing war crimes in Ukraine.

Many franchises would've thought 'Rayudu's time has gone': Moody.
Talking about CSK batter Ambati Rayudu, ex-SRH head coach Tom Moody said, "A lot of franchises would have thought, 'Oh, his time has gone'." "But...his contribution of 17 runs off nine balls against GT...[was] significant in the scheme of things," he added. "That is the return of the trust and the relationship that they have at CSK," he stated.

Used to wearing 4 inch heels, I don't teeter: Twitter's new CEO.
Responding to an article calling Twitter's new CEO Linda Yaccarino the latest victim of a pernicious pattern known as the glass cliff, she tweeted, "As someone used to wearing 4 inch heels, let's be crystal clear: I don't teeter." Glass cliff is a pattern in which women are more likely to be promoted into top jobs at organisations in crisis.

32 years ago, Congress wanted to build new Parliament: Ghulam Nabi.
Reacting to the inauguration of the new Parliament building, Democratic Progressive Azad Party chief Ghulam Nabi Azad said the Congress wanted to build a new Parliament building around 32 years ago. "At the time when PV Narasimha Rao was the PM, Shivraj Patil was the Speaker...Shivraj ji had said...that a new...Parliament building should be constructed before 2026," he said.

Amazon, Facebook Co-founder back Hopscotch parent in $20-mn round.
Hit the Mark, which operates Hopscotch, raised $20 million (₹165 crore) in a funding round led by Amazon.com. Other investors included Facebook Co-Founder Eduardo Saverin and other existing investors, including LionRock Capital, IIFL Seed Ventures, RPG Ventures and Techpro Ventures. The company raised $25 million (₹206 crore), in a funding round last year when Saverin had first invested.

Video shows eye of Super Typhoon Mawar swirling over Guam.
A video showing Super Typhoon Mawar swirling over the US island territory of Guam has surfaced. The typhoon will pass "very near or over" Guam, and may result in possible landslides and flash flooding, The National Weather Service said. As of 1 pm local time on Wednesday, the storm had maximum sustained wind speeds of up to 140 miles/hour.

After 10 yrs, Haryana Police reunite 16-yr-old with parents in Raj.
Haryana Police's anti-human trafficking unit on Wednesday reunited a 16-year-old boy with his family in Rajasthan, 10 years after he went missing from Sirohi district. During the boy's counselling, the word Dalghar kept cropping up and police made contact with many states. "The father...shared that his son had gone missing from their village in 2013 when he was...six," police said.

Man shoots 20-yr-old fiance in UP, jumps in river to evade arrest.
A 25-year-old man allegedly shot his 20-year-old fiance in front of her parents in UP and later jumped in a river to evade arrest. In his complaint, the deceased's father said that the accused picked up an argument with his daughter and shot her in a fit of rage. He jumped into the river with the intention of killing himself.

Why interested in showing Aaftab's narco test?: HC to news channel.
Delhi High Court on Wednesday sought to know from a news channel why it wanted to telecast a narco test of Shraddha Walkar murder accused Aaftab Poonawala. Aaftab is accused of strangling his live-in partner Shraddha and chopping her body into pieces. Earlier, the High Court had restrained news channels from displaying the contents of the chargesheet in the case.

Video shows G20 delegates taking part in Yoga session in Kashmir.
Delegates attending the G20 Tourism Working Group (TWG) meeting were seen taking part in a rejuvenating yoga session which was arranged for them amidst the Himalayas in Jammu and Kashmir. A video of G20 delegates participating in the yoga session has gone viral on social media. Ministry of Tourism also shared pictures of the delegates taking part in the session.

10 booked for giving 'obscene' pamphlets against Bajrang Dal in MP.
Police have lodged an FIR against 10 people for allegedly distributing objectionable pamphlets against RSS and Bajrang Dal in MP's Indore, a police official said on Wednesday. Another police official said that the pamphlets were addressed to women. The pamphlets, titled "Open Letter", have "Your Faithful Brother" printed as the sender at the end, he said.

UK man beats 70-yr-old cancer patient over smelly bins; video out.
A CCTV footage showing a pub landlord assaulting 70-year-old cancer-stricken Simon Procter in UK over a dispute on 'smelly bins' has surfaced online. Daniel Winward, an ex-commando, knocks Simon to the ground and punches him in the face. The violent incident resulted in Simon receiving 20 stitches for a severe head wound. Winward was sentenced to a 10-month suspended sentence.

West's arms to Ukraine may lead to nuclear apocalypse: Medvedev.
Former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has said the more deadly the weapons Ukraine receives from the West, the higher the risk of a "nuclear apocalypse". He stated that US-led NATO is not taking the possibility of nuclear conflict seriously. "They are wrong. And at some point, events can move in a completely unpredictable scenario," he added.

RBI was prudent to hike rate in surprise MPC meet: Governor Das.
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das said, "I think looking back, I can say that we were prudent then when we decided to increase the rates in a surprise meeting and we're also prudent now when we have decided to take a pause." "Our endeavour is to always remain prudent...we were prudent then, prudent now...and will continue to remain prudent," he said.

Vaibhavi Upadhyaya wasn't wearing seatbelt at the time of accident: JD Majethia.
Actress Vaibhavi Upadhyaya passed away after a car accident in Himachal Pradesh. Producer JD Majethia shared that at the time of the accident, Vaibhavi wasn't wearing a seatbelt. "Their car was at a turn...They stopped to let a truck pass. As the truck was passing them, it nudged the car and it slid into the valley," he stated.

Actor Ajith gifts BMW superbike worth ₹14 lakh to rider who organised his bike tours.
A fan named Sugat Satpathy, who organised bike tours for actor Ajith, thanked him for gifting him a BMW superbike worth over ₹14 lakh. "This F 850 GS...means so much to me rather than being just a motorcycle...He just wanted me to have this beautiful...F 850 GS, capable enough to explore the globe," he wrote while sharing pictures on Instagram.

Bhojpuri film director Subhash Chandra found dead in Varanasi hotel.
Bhojpuri film director and producer Subhash Chandra was found dead in a hotel in Uttar Pradesh's Varanasi on Wednesday, police said. The 60-year-old was shooting in the city for film 'Do Dil Bandhe Ek Dori Se' with a 40-member team for last 11 days, as per reports. The body was lying on the bed of the hotel in Robertsganj area.

What is MI's record against LSG in IPL?.
MI and LSG, who'll face each other in IPL 2023 Eliminator today, have played three matches against each other in IPL, with LSG emerging victorious in all of them. LSG have batted first in each of the three matches, putting up totals of 199/4, 168/6 and 177/3. LSG won the three matches by 18 runs, 36 runs and 5 runs.

MS Dhoni successfully plots Hardik Pandya's dismissal, video goes viral.
A video of GT captain Hardik Pandya's dismissal against CSK in their IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 went viral. In the video, CSK captain-wicketkeeper MS Dhoni can be seen calling Ravindra Jadeja from backward square and stationing him at backward point. Pandya tried to go over infield, however, he miscued the cut shot and was caught by Jadeja off Maheesh Theekshana.

Gill's sister is being threatened of rape & assault on social media: DCW to Delhi Police.
The Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) has taken suo moto cognisance of various social media posts that targeted cricketer Shubman Gill’s sister. Issuing a notice to Delhi Police, the DCW asked for registration of an FIR. In the notice, the DCW said that Shahneel is being threatened of rape and assault on social media.

Which are the world's most innovative companies of 2023?.
Apple is the world's most innovative company of 2023, according to Boston Consulting Group's (BCG) annual list of the world's most innovative companies. Apple is followed by Tesla, Amazon, Alphabet, Microsoft, Moderna, Samsung, Huawei, BYD Company and Siemens. Tata Group, ranked 20th, is the only Indian company to feature on the list.

YouTuber's bike seized while performing stunts for Instagram reels in UP.
The motorcycle of a YouTuber was impounded by police after he was seen performing stunts for Instagram reels in Uttar Pradesh's Lucknow. A video shows a policeman telling him, "Your parents may not be worried for you but we are." The police official added, "We want you to be safe. So, this vehicle will be seized."

23,04,095 man-days employment generated by new Parliament building.
India's new Parliament building, which will be inaugurated by PM Narendra Modi on May 28, has generated employment for around 23,04,095 people (in man-days), according to the Central Vista website. The website says around 5,000 pieces of art, including paintings, decorative art, wall panels and stone sculptures, will be displayed across the new building.

He was disciplined, ambitious: Ashoke on Aditya Singh Rajput.
Filmmaker Ashoke Pandit, who attended the funeral of television actor Aditya Singh Rajput, spoke about working with the late actor in the beginning of his career. "He was a professional. He was a good actor. It's unbelievable that he passed away at such a young age. He was very disciplined, focussed and ambitious," Pandit said as he mourned Aditya's death.

Pune's police officer creates parody song on road safety awareness.
Traffic constable Aatish Kharade of Pune created parody song to raise road safety awareness. The song is a version of a Marathi song from Riteish Deshmukh's 'Ved'. The song has gone viral on social media platforms. "In the song, I tried to convey that wearing...helmet is not just to avoid fines but for one's own well-being and safety," Kharade said.

Our performance was below-par: GT's Mohit Sharma on Qualifier 1.
GT pacer Mohit Sharma said his team delivered a below-par performance in their IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 against CSK, adding that they conceded eight to 10 unnecessary runs. "The match didn't go well," he stated. "However, winning or losing doesn't matter," he said. Mohit was the joint-highest wicket-taker for GT alongside Mohammad Shami against CSK, accounting for two dismissals.

GT didn't have a single supporter, must've felt pressure: Gaikwad.
CSK opener Ruturaj Gaikwad said GT must have been under pressure while playing IPL 2023's Qualifier 1 against CSK at CSK's home ground Chepauk Stadium. "There was yellow everywhere [in the stadium]. They didn't have a single supporter in the stands. All things were lined up for us," added Gaikwad. "Every CSK player held his nerve really well," he stated.

Will learn from mistakes, won't repeat: Rashid after loss vs CSK.
Discussing his team's loss against CSK in Qualifier 1 of IPL 2023, GT all-rounder Rashid Khan said they tried their best. "We're going to learn from our mistakes and try not to repeat them in the next game," added Rashid. GT will face the winner of the Eliminator between MI and LSG which will take place today in Qualifier 2.

MS Dhoni, Dwayne Bravo celebrate CSK’s win over GT in team hotel.
CSK captain MS Dhoni and his other teammates were seen celebrating the team's win against GT in IPL 2023's Qualifier 1 in the team hotel, with a video of the celebration shared by CSK. The Chennai-based franchise's bowling coach Dwayne Bravo was seen dancing, singing in the lift. CSK beat GT by 15 runs to reach the IPL 2023 final.

OpenAI CEO is smart, but we've our views on AI regulation: MoS IT.
Minister of State for IT Rajeev Chandrasekhar in response to OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's suggestion regarding an international authority for regulating advanced AI development said, "We certainly think we have some smart brains in India as well and we have our own views on how AI should have guardrails." "Sam Altman is obviously a smart man," he added.

Meta begins final round of three-part layoffs: Report.
Facebook parent Meta started laying off the final batch of a three-part round of layoffs on Wednesday, Reuters reported citing sources. Earlier in November 2022, Meta cut 11,000 jobs, or 13% of its workforce, the largest in its nearly 20-year history. In March, it became the first Big Tech firm to announce a second round of mass layoffs.

PM, Shah were busy in campaign when Manipur was burning: Congress.
Congress leader Ajoy Kumar on Wednesday said PM Narendra Modi and Union Home Minister Amit Shah were busy campaigning for elections during Manipur violence. "The situation in Manipur is BJP's creation," he added. At least 70 people were killed in the violence that broke out over the demand for ST status for the non-tribal Meitei community earlier this month.

Not Modiji's Grihapravesh: Mahua on new Parliament's inauguration.
TMC MP Mahua Moitra criticised the Centre over PM Narendra Modi inaugurating the new Parliament building on May 28. "This is NOT Modiji's Grihapravesh for house that he built with his own money. AITC [is] not attending May 28th party. Good luck to BJP," she tweeted. She also criticised the Centre for not inviting President Droupadi Murmu to the event.

Rahul Gandhi should've told me if he wanted a truck tour: Minister.
Haryana minister Anil Vij has called Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's truck ride from Delhi to Chandigarh a big "violation of security rules". "If he (Rahul) wanted to take a truck tour, he should have told me," he said, adding that he would've sent a truck with security, in which Rahul could've roamed as much as he wanted.

President Murmu on 3-day visit to Jharkhand; to inaugurate new HC.
President Droupadi Murmu arrived in Jharkhand on Wednesday for her three-day visit to the state, officials said. During the trip, she will visit Deoghar's Baba Baidyanath Dham temple, inaugurate the new complex of Jharkhand High Court and participate in several other programmes. This will be Murmu's second visit to the state after assuming the office of the President.

BMC demolishes 9 commercial structures for Marve Road widening.
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Tuesday demolished nine commercial structures for widening of Marve Road from fire station to T junction in Malad west. Seventeen structures, including the bungalow of a priest of St Anthony's Church Malvani, will be affected. A 113-metre stretch was cleared with the help of five labourers, two dumpers, six police personnel and five engineers.

Miami zoo apologises for mistreating kiwi after backlash from NZ.
Zoo Miami has issued an apology for mistreating a kiwi named Pāora after a video of visitors patting the nocturnal bird under bright lights surfaced online, causing outrage in New Zealand. The zoo said it is "deeply sorry" for the incident, which took place during a paid animal encounter. Accordingly, the kiwi encounter has been eliminated from the zoo's offerings.

'Pillar of Shame', deemed subversive in China, erected in Germany.
A replica of the 'Pillar of Shame' statue that commemorates the victims of China's Tiananmen Square massacre has been erected in Germany's Berlin. Several replicas of the eight-metre-high statue have been erected in other countries, including Brazil and Mexico. The artwork, deemed 'subversive' by China, shows piled-up corpses of the pro-democracy protesters killed by Chinese authorities in 1989.

Phone app to aid illegal immigration: Texas as it sues Biden admin.
Texas has sued US President Joe Biden's administration over its new immigration rule which allows migrants to set appointments at US-Mexico border using a phone application for asylum. Texas stated the move will aid illegal immigration. This comes after US withdrew 'Title 42', a pandemic-era migration policy which allowed immediate deportation of migrants without providing them asylum hearings.

Will have 'incredibly high bar' for Credit Suisse staff we take: UBS.
UBS Chairman Colm Kelleher has said the bank will have an "incredibly high bar" for investment banking staff it takes on from Credit Suisse following their merger. Kelleher said he wants to maintain the culture at UBS following the takeover, adding Credit Suisse was "out of control". "We are worried about 'cultural contamination'," he added.

Govt working to reduce logistics cost to 9% of GDP in next 3 years.
The government is working to bring down logistics cost to 9% of GDP in the next three years from the current 14-16%, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari said. He added India's exports will increase when the logistics cost will come down to a single digit. The government rolled out a national logistics policy and PM Gati Shakti initiative to boost competitiveness.

'The Kerala Story' actress Adah facing harassment after contact details leaked: Report.
'The Kerala Story' actress Adah Sharma is facing harassment after her contact details have been leaked online, according to a report. An Instagram user by the name of 'jhamunda_bolte' has reportedly leaked her contact details and has also threatened to leak her new number. It has been reported that the Instagram account has since been deactivated.

Actor Gautam Rode breaks down at Vaibhavi Upadhyaya's funeral, pic surfaces.
The funeral of actress Vaibhavi Upadhyaya took place on Wednesday in Mumbai. She had died in a car accident in Himachal Pradesh. Actor Gautam Rode and 'Sarabhai Vs Sarabhai' producer JD Majethia were seen at the crematorium as they offered their condolences. Gautam Rode was also seen getting teary-eyed at the funeral.

Vaibhavi tried to get out of car and sustained a head injury which led to her death: Police.
Commenting on actress Vaibhavi Upadhyaya's death after the car she was travelling in fell into a valley in Himachal Pradesh, Kullu SP Saakshi Verma said, "Vaibhavi tried to get out of the vehicle through the window and sustained a head injury which proved fatal." Her fiancé, who was also travelling in the vehicle, is said to be safe.

It's okay to fail: Uma on 3rd rank in UPSC Civil Services Exam in 5th attempt.
Uma Harathi N, who ranked third in UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022, said, "This was my fifth attempt...This has been a long process and it was not easy." She added, "It's okay to fail. I failed so many times. Just be proud of yourself." A B.Tech graduate in Civil Engineering from IIT Hyderabad, she took Anthropology as her optional subject.

Shiromani Akali Dal to attend new Parliament's inauguration.
After 19 opposition parties announced that they would boycott the inauguration of the new Parliament building, Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) on Wednesday said that it'll attend the event. "The inauguration of...new Parliament building is a matter of pride for the country," SAD leader Daljit Singh Cheema said. He said the party doesn't agree with the issues raised by the Opposition.

What are the features of ₹971 crore new Parliament building?.
The new Parliament building, to be inaugurated on Sunday, was built at a cost of ₹971 crore. Its built-up area is 65,000 sq mt, it has large committee rooms and a library. The Lok Sabha is based on peacock theme and can seat up to 888 members while Rajya Sabha has lotus theme and can seat up to 384 MPs.

7-yr-old girl sold for ₹4.50 lakh, married to 38-yr-old man in Raj.
A seven-year-old girl was sold for ₹4.50 lakh allegedly by her parents and married to a 38-year-old man in Rajasthan's Dholpur last week. She was rescued by police from the man's house where she was dressed as a bride. The man's family had settled in the village after some members served jail term in a murder case in Madhya Pradesh.

Gangster dies after 4 men fire 20 bullets in Punjab; clip surfaces.
Gangster Jarnail Singh, who was out on bail, was shot dead by four masked assailants at his native village in Punjab's Amritsar on Wednesday, police said. CCTV footage showed the assailants firing at Singh, who died on the spot, outside a grocery shop. The assailants had arrived at the shop in a car and fired 20 bullets at Singh.

2,000 minors abused by Catholic clergy in US' Illinois since 1950.
Nearly 2,000 Illinois children were sexually abused by Roman Catholic clergy between the 1950s and 2010s, Attorney General Kwame Raoul said in a report. The report said 451 Catholic clerics and religious brothers abused 1,997 children in Illinois' six dioceses. "Decades of Catholic leadership decisions...have allowed known child-sex abusers to hide, often in plain sight," Raoul said.

Everything MS Dhoni touches turns into gold: Suresh Raina.
Talking about MS Dhoni after CSK reached IPL 2023 final by defeating GT in Qualifier 1, former India cricketer Suresh Raina said that everything Dhoni "touches turns into gold". "MS Dhoni kept it simple. Entire India wants to see Dhoni win the IPL," Raina stated. CSK will play their 10th IPL final in 14 seasons on Sunday.

Hardik looked like he'd get out any time: Manjrekar on Qualifier 1.
Discussing GT captain Hardik Pandya's 8 runs off 7 balls in the IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 against CSK, cricketer-turned-commentator Sanjay Manjrekar said, "You got the impression that he might get out any time." "He's lost...form...I have got a question in my mind: Is Hardik a better batter when he's bowling as well?" added Manjrekar. Hardik didn't bowl in Qualifier 1.

Things look odd when you lose: Shankar on batting order shuffle.
GT batter Vijay Shankar, while defending the team's decision to shuffle the batting order in IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 against CSK, said they have been playing like this "right from game one until now". "When you lose...game, things look odd that we have changed a lot and all," Shankar stated. He added CSK bowled well in the middle overs.

Busquets gets guard of honour and lifts La Liga trophy, video out.
Barcelona captain Sergio Busquets was seen receiving a guard of honour from the Real Sociedad players as well as lifting the La Liga Trophy, in a video shared by Barcelona on their YouTube channel. Busquets will leave Barcelona this summer after an 18-year association, having joined the Spanish club's youth team in 2005. Busquets played over 700 matches for Barcelona.

Take decision on over 100 charges against us quickly: Pep to PL.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola said the Premier League and judges should decide on over 100 charges faced by the club as soon as possible. "Hopefully, they are not so busy and the judges can see both sides and decide what is the best," Guardiola stated. The club is accused of violating financial rules of the league.

Google to test ads in generative AI search results.
Google has announced that it'll begin to test advertisements within search results powered by generative artificial intelligence (AI). Google will provide ads along with tips according to the words searched by users. "This is a new, simpler and helpful way to interact with Google search," General Manager of Ads Jerry Dischler said. Google unveiled Search Generative Experience earlier this month.

Account aggregator model is cross-sectoral and inclusive: Nilekani.
Highlighting the possibility of inclusive growth using the account aggregator (AA) framework, Infosys Co-founder Nandan Nilekani said this model is cross-sectoral. AA framework ensures quick data sharing with the users' consent and eliminates the need for physical documents. AAs are licensed by RBI to enable the flow of data between Financial Information Providers and Financial Information Users.

French Prez Macron meets ChatGPT maker OpenAI's CEO, shares pic.
France's President Emmanuel Macron took to Twitter to share a picture of his meeting with ChatGPT maker OpenAI's CEO Sam Altman. "Developing talents and technologies in France, acting for regulation at the French, European and global levels, these are our priorities in terms of artificial intelligence. We discussed this with Sam Altman, the creator of ChatGPT," Macron tweeted.

Conveying sentiments of public: Adhir on 'pagla Modi' remark on PM.
Congress leader Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury issued a clarification following his 'pagla Modi' remark on PM Narendra Modi, saying he was just conveying the sentiments of the people. While attending a conference on the issue of the withdrawal of ₹2,000 notes, Chowdhury said, "He isn't Modi, he is 'Pagla Modi'," adding the people are completely frustrated with the current government.

Nykaa Q4 profit falls 72% to ₹2.41 crore, revenue jumps 34%.
Nykaa's parent company FSN E-Commerce Ventures posted a 72% fall in consolidated net profit at ₹2.41 crore for the quarter that ended on March 31, 2023 (Q4). The online beauty platform had posted a net profit of ₹8.56 crore in the same quarter last year. Meanwhile, its revenue from operations surged 34% year-on-year to ₹1,301 crore in the last quarter.

Sabre-toothed creature's fossil shows details of the 'Great Dying'.
Fossils of a sabre-toothed predator called Inostrancevia, similar in size to a tiger, provide insights into its role as a top predator before the "Great Dying" mass extinction. The study highlighted the instability in the climate that led up to the event and stated that Inostrancevia struggled for dominance in the food chain. Eventually, this sabre-toothed creature also faced extinction.

Focus on output, not hours in studies: UPSC AIR 2 Garima Lohia.
Garima Lohia, who secured second rank in UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022, said she would like to work in the field of women empowerment and education. She stated studying with "consistency" and "discipline" is the key to success. She added that people should focus on the output and not on the number of hours they are investing in studies.

Hindu son, Muslim daughter argue over mother's funeral in Hyd.
An argument broke out between two siblings, who practice different religions, over the funeral of their mother in Hyderabad's Madannapet. The 95-year-old woman's son claimed rights over her funeral as per Hindu religious tradition, while the daughter, who converted to Islam two decades ago, objected to this. Later, police held discussions with both sides and settled the matter.

Hyd man cultivating ganja on terrace arrested, 11 plants destroyed.
Hyderabad Police on Monday raided a residence in Hyderabad's Vanasthalipuram and arrested a man for cultivating ganja on his terrace. The man, Sai Revanth Varma, who is known to be a ganja user, admitted to bringing seeds from Andhra Pradesh to cultivate plants for personal consumption. Police destroyed 11 ganja plants and confiscated cannabis seeds and wrappers from Varma's possession.

Suella Braverman won’t be investigated over speeding fine: Sunak.
British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said that Home Secretary Suella Braverman's handling of a speeding offence did not breach ministerial rules and would not be investigated. According to reports, the Indian-origin Cabinet minister had asked civil servants to help arrange a private driving awareness course rather than paying a fine after she was caught breaking the limit in June 2022.

Timelapse video shows powerful eruptions in Mexico volcano.
Mexico's Popocatépetl volcano has experienced increased activity since May 15, emitting ash into the air. Timelapse footage of the volcano's eruptions, showcasing significant bursts of ash into the sky has surfaced online. Several schools in nearby areas have been closed as a precautionary measure. Approximately 25 million people reside within a 60-mile radius of the volcano.

81-yr-old woman dies after being hit by UK Duchess' police escort.
An 81-year-old woman died in the UK after being struck by the police motorcycle escort of Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh earlier this month. The victim, Helen Holland, died after sustaining "multiple broken bones and massive internal injuries". "The Duchess’s heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the injured lady and her family," a statement issued by Buckingham Palace read.

Jhunjhunwala-backed Metro Brands' shares rise after Q4 results.
Shares of Rekha Jhunjhunwala-backed Metro Brands gained on Wednesday after the company reported a 35% year-on-year rise in its revenue to ₹544.13 crore in the March quarter. It reported a consolidated profit of ₹69 crore for the quarter. The company's shares closed 6.63% higher on BSE on Wednesday. Jhunjhunwala held a 14.4% stake in the company as on March 31.

After Gautam Gambhir was let go, everything changed, I felt alienated: Uthappa on KKR.
After a fan pointed out that he doesn't support KKR like he supports CSK, Robin Uthappa, who has played for both the franchises, tweeted, "After Gauti (Gautam Gambhir) was let go, everything changed and I felt alienated." He added, "However, my love for the fans of KKR was the same and will remain the same forever...This isn't about...fans of KKR."

Maharashtra ex-CM Manohar Joshi critical & in ICU at Mumbai hospital.
Former Maharashtra CM Manohar Joshi is critical and semi-comatose in the PD Hinduja Hospital in Mumbai, the hospital said in an official statement on Wednesday. His condition is being closely monitored. Joshi was admitted to the hospital on Monday night in emergency and continues to be in the intensive care unit of the hospital, the statement added.

Sydney Harbour, Opera House lit up in Tricolour during PM Modi's visit; video surfaces.
The Sydney Harbour and Opera House were lit up in Tricolour during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Australia. "There are 1.4 billion reasons why we want the Indian flag on the Opera House...One of the things about lighting up the Opera House is it projects our image to the world," Australian PM Anthony Albanese said.

Heatwave has ended in entire India today, says IMD.
IMD scientist RK Jenamani on Wednesday said, "Heatwave has ended in entire India today. From today temperature will decrease and it'll be cloudy." "We have issued Orange Alert for hailstorms, storms and rain in Rajasthan, Punjab, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Chandigarh. There is a possibility of heavy rains in the hilly areas for the next 2-3 days," he added.

IndiGo flight takes off within seconds of landing at Ahmedabad, panicked passengers cry.
A Chandigarh-Ahmedabad IndiGo flight carrying over 100 passengers suddenly took off within seconds of touchdown at Ahmedabad airport on Monday night. Some passengers on the flight reported feeling sick and others were crying, Times Now reported. The plane circled the airport for another 20 minutes before landing. "The flight was re-directed to go-around due to an unstable approach," IndiGo said.

Islam scholar Tariq Ramadan acquitted in Swiss rape charges.
Renowned Islamic studies scholar Tariq Ramadan has been acquitted of rape and sexual coercion charges by a Swiss court. A woman had accused Ramadan of assaulting her in a Geneva hotel in 2008. Ramadan, aged 60, faced a potential prison sentence of up to three years if found guilty. He had, however, denied all charges but acknowledged meeting the woman.

Taylor Swift's piano malfunctions, plays on its own during event.
Singer Taylor Swift's piano malfunctioned during her show. In a video that surfaced online, Swift can be seen sitting to play the piano when it plays some notes on its own. She can be seen looking at the piano in surprise. According to The Independent, she asked the audience, "Did you hear that?" and said, "I didn't...play that."

Beyoncé's world tour displaces homeless families from London hotel.
As many as 30 homeless families being housed in a London hotel will be moved out ahead of Beyoncé's Renaissance World Tour. The hotel will accommodate those travelling to London to attend the singer's concerts, which will be held between May 29 and June 4. About 100 rooms had been booked by the local council to accommodate the homeless families.

Rushdie gets Order of the Companions of Honour at Windsor Castle.
Author Salman Rushdie has received the Order of the Companions of Honour at Windsor Castle. Rushdie received the honour for services to literature. Meanwhile, the writer has revealed that he has started writing again after he was attacked in New York. When asked about the timeline to finish his next book, he said, "I'll let you know."

My father lived on yacht, I'm in an apartment: Shruti on Cannes.
Actress Shruti Haasan shared that her father Kamal Haasan found Cannes Film Festival's experience to be "crazy". She recalled that when he attended the festival last year, he was living on a yacht. "That's such a Kamal Haasan move...I'm not on a yacht. [I'm living] in an apartment [which] I am sharing with my producer," Shruti said.

Desperate to become Srikant Tiwari again: Manoj on 'Family Man 3'.
Manoj Bajpayee said that the script of 'The Family Man 3' is almost in its last leg. "Raj and DK...Suparn Varma are doing their individual projects but soon we'd start working on the project...We can expect [it to be out] by the end of next year," Bajpayee shared. He added he's "desperate" to wear his character Srikant Tiwari's costume.

4-month-old infant dies due to COVID-19 in Mumbai.
A four-month-old boy died due to COVID-19 infection on Tuesday, according to a Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) report. An official said the infant tested positive for COVID-19 and was also diagnosed with acute respiratory distress syndrome. The infant is said to be Mumbai's youngest COVID casualty. Following this, the number of deaths due to COVID-19 in Mumbai rose to 19,772.

Man City list 10 games that won them Premier League, share video.
Manchester City have shared a video which comprises the 10 games that won them the 2022/23 Premier League season. Manchester City's 6-3 win against arch-rivals Manchester United where Phil Foden, Erling Haaland scored a hat-trick each, their 4-2 win against Tottenham Hotspur and a 3-1 win against Arsenal are some games that have been included in the video.

PM Modi invites Aus businesses to invest in infra, chip sectors.
PM Narendra Modi invited Australian businesses to take advantage of investment opportunities in India in sectors like digital infrastructure, telecom and semiconductors. He suggested that Australian CEOs forge partnerships with their Indian counterparts. While addressing top Australian CEOs at a business roundtable, PM Modi also talked about numerous economic reforms undertaken by the government.

Musk predicts 'drone wars', says govts can create weapons using AI.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk stated that he expects artificial intelligence (AI) to be used by governments across the world to develop weapons. "Future wars between advanced countries or...countries with drone capability will be very much the drone wars," Musk claimed. AI is capable of providing advanced weapons on the battlefield that can react faster than any human, the billionaire added.

Why isn't PM on TV now?: Bhupesh Baghel on ₹2,000 notes withdrawal.
Chhattisgarh CM Bhupesh Baghel has questioned why PM Narendra Modi didn't come on TV when the ₹2,000 currency notes were withdrawn and went to Australia, Japan and on a foreign trip instead. He said that the PM had come on TV during demonetisation. He added that the RBI should be asked why the note is being withdrawn.

Opp'n didn't think new Parliament would be built so soon: CM Sarma.
Reacting to Opposition parties boycotting new Parliament inauguration event, Assam CM Himanta Biswa Sarma said that the boycott is obvious. "They opposed the construction of Parliament House. They never thought that the construction would be completed so soon. So, everything happened like a bouncer for the Opposition," he added. They are enacting the drama to save their face, he said.

Will ban Bajrang Dal, RSS if peace is disturbed: Priyank Kharge.
Congress leader and Karnataka minister Priyank Kharge on Wednesday said that his government would ban outfits like Bajrang Dal and RSS if peace of the state is disturbed. "If the BJP finds it difficult, let them go to Pakistan," he said. He further stated that the government would withdraw the ban on hijab, halal cut and cow slaughter laws.

Parliament built in British era, how can Indira inaugurate: Baghel.
Reacting to Union Minister Hardeep Singh Puri's remark that Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi inaugurated Parliament buildings, Chhattisgarh CM Bhupesh Baghel said that Parliament was built during the British era, so how can Indira Gandhi inaugurate it? "If someone inaugurates a portion of a building, that's a different matter. New Parliament building should be inaugurated by President," he added.

Startups must see late investors get benefits: Infosys Co-founder.
Infosys Co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan has said startups should see that even their late investors get benefits from investing in them. "Startup investors should...take care that when they are exiting, they are exiting to somebody," he said. "Make sure that they also benefit from this. Exit doesn't mean you don't care what happens to the person who buys," he added.

Tigress gives birth to 2 rare Sumatran cubs at US zoo, video viral.
United States' Memphis Zoo has welcomed two critically endangered Sumatran cubs earlier in May. The zoo reported that Dari, a 7-year-old female Sumatran tiger, and Gusti, a 4-year-old male tiger, became parents to two cubs for the first time. The last time Memphis Zoo had tiger cubs was over 25 years ago, in April of 1998.

Was my son: AP man as dog dies after vet gives 'wrong vaccination'.
A man from Andhra Pradesh has moved the HC to seek action against a vet who allegedly gave his pet dog a 'wrong' vaccination, following which it died. "He was my son...He showered our family with unconditional love and dutifully protected us," he said. Following the vaccination, the dog's hind limbs got paralysed.

Massive fight breaks out a Chicago airport; video surfaces.
A video showing a massive brawl at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, involving around a dozen people, has surfaced on social media. As per reports, the fight started due to a verbal dispute during deplaning. Two individuals punched a 24-year-old woman during the scuffle. Police have arrested both of them. The incident occurred in the airport's baggage claim area.

UK ex-PM Boris Johnson faces new COVID law breach claims.
Former British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is under police scrutiny for allegedly violating pandemic lockdown regulations. The UK Cabinet Office has shared Johnson's ministerial diary entries, which indicated visits from family and friends to Chequers during strict restrictions on household mixing to curb COVID-19 transmission. Johnson has dismissed the allegations as "bizarre and unacceptable".

Russia extends WSJ reporter's detention, US demands release.
A Russian court on Tuesday extended the pre-trial detention of US journalist Evan Gershkovich, who was arrested in March on spying charges, by three months. Gershkovich's detention has been extended until August 30, Russian media reported. White House national security spokesperson John Kirby reiterated his calls for Gershkovich to be released, saying that "journalism is not a crime".

Each process needs timeline: RBI on ₹2,000 note's Sept 30 deadline.
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das while discussing the September 30 deadline for exchanging the ₹2,000 notes said every process needs a timeline. "In any process, unless you give a timeline it's not effective...We have given sufficient time," he said. He added that on May 23, there was no crowd anywhere and that RBI is monitoring the situation.

India's forex reserves comfortable for next 5-6 yrs: Piyush Goyal.
Union Minister Piyush Goyal has said India has "strong foreign exchange reserves". "In the worst case with whatever difficulty anybody may have, India is comfortable for the next 5 or 6 years, given our forex reserves today, to be able to meet our forex requirements," he said. Goyal added that no other developing country is in such a "sweet spot".

Nawazuddin Siddiqui says depression is an 'urban issue', actor Gulshan Devaiah reacts.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui recently claimed depression is an "urban concept". "If I were to go to my village...and say I have depression, I'd get slapped," he stated. "If you...look at alcoholism or addictions, they exist in rural communities...No addict indulges in addiction because they love it...Addiction is a symptom, real problem is the trauma they can't heal," actor Gulshan Devaiah reacted.

Ravi Shastri names his Team India playing XI for WTC final.
Ex-Team India head coach Ravi Shastri has named his Team India playing XI for the WTC final against Australia. Shastri named Rohit Sharma and Shubman Gill as openers, followed by Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli and Ajinkya Rahane. He included KS Bharat as wicketkeeper. Remaining players in his XI include Ravindra Jadeja, Shardul Thakur, Ravichandran Ashwin, Mohammad Shami and Mohammed Siraj.

UP court overturns Azam Khan's conviction in 2019 hate speech case.
A court in Uttar Pradesh's Rampur has acquitted Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan in connection with the 2019 hate speech case by overturning a lower court's judgement. Khan's conviction in the case had led to his disqualification as a member of the state Assembly. The case was filed over his comments on state CM Yogi Adityanath.

Biker dies in accident in Pragati Maidan tunnel, couldn't get help due to poor signal.
A 19-year-old man died after his bike hit barriers in the Pragati Maidan tunnel in Delhi on Monday night. Some people stopped and tried to call the police control room but could not connect due to poor signals inside the tunnel. "The deceased suffered from brain injuries as his helmet was completely damaged in the accident," police said.

Man slaps, beats electricity dept official with slippers in K'taka, video surfaces.
A video has surfaced showing a man slapping and throwing slippers at an electricity department employee who was collecting bill in Karnataka's Koppal. The accused had not paid the bill amounting to nearly ₹10,000 for the last six months. He attacked the Gulbarga Electricity Supply Company Limited (GESCOM) employee when he tried to cut off electricity supply to his home.

18-yr-old millionaire heir falls to death hours after marrying man he met twice in Taiwan.
A Taiwanese man, surnamed Lai, who inherited millions of dollars was found dead two hours after allegedly marrying a man he met just twice. The 18-year-old's body was discovered lying on the ground outside an apartment building in Beitun district where his husband, identified as a 26-year-old man surnamed Hsia, lived on the 10th floor.

'Go to hell, Shell,' shout climate activists at Shell's meeting; video viral.
Climate activists stormed energy giant Shell's annual general meeting in London and shouted, "Go to hell, Shell". Members of the group 'Fossil Free London' sang songs and chanted slogans against Shell during the meeting. The protesters even tried to climb onto the stage due to which the security staff shielded CEO Wael Sawan and the board of directors.

Vaibhavi wanted to bring back 'Sarabhai Vs Sarabhai': JD Majethia.
Producer-actor JD Majethia expressed shock at Vaibhavi Upadhyaya's death and revealed that she wanted to bring 'Sarabhai Vs Sarabhai' back with a new season. For the unversed, Vaibhavi played Jasmine in the series, which also starred Ratna Pathak Shah and Satish Shah. "She was full of life, such a young girl, such talented person and a good soul," he added.

Was jealous of Nick being The Voice judge, cried my eyes out: Joe.
Singer Joe Jonas has said that he felt jealous after he found out that his younger brother Nick Jonas was going to be a judge on 'The Voice'. "I was so jealous...I cried my eyes out...I [was] super happy for him...but I [was] also bummed because...I [wanted] that f**king gig!" Joe added. He also admitted that Nick "crushed" the job.

He will get chance from audience: Taran on Aamir's 'lull phase'.
Film critic Taran Adarsh has explored the possibility of actor Aamir Khan going through a "lull phase". He also said that every actor goes through such a phase and cited actors Amitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan as examples. "A good actor always gets an opportunity from the audience. Aamir Khan too will get that chance," Adarsh added.

People dreaded our company, we were big bullies: Rajesh on Nitesh.
Actor Rajesh Kumar, while talking about his friendship with late actor Nitesh Pandey, recalled that people used to dread their company. "We used to pull each other's legs and make fun of each other but there was also a lot of mutual respect...People [thought]...'these two are now going to rag us'. We were big bullies on the set," he added.

We shot 'Bloody Daddy' in 36 days: Shahid Kapoor.
Shahid Kapoor revealed that his upcoming film 'Bloody Daddy' was shot in 36 days. While talking about the film, Shahid said that he "followed everything" that director Ali Abbas Zafar told him. "Action [in this film] is very raw...edgy and sexy...Ali and I have known each other for...years. I feel proud that he's come so far as...filmmaker," the actor added.

Nitesh Pandey's 'Pyaar Ka Dard...' co-actors condole his demise.
Actor Nitesh Pandey's co-actors from his 2012 show 'Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyara Pyara' condoled his demise. "Pandey ji!! I cannot believe I'm writing this...Rest in peace!" actress Disha Parmar wrote on Instagram Story. "He was a very lively person and...actor," veteran actor Mukesh Khanna wrote. "Pandey ji go well, see you in...another realm," actor Khushwant Walia wrote.

Hardik batting at no. 3 vs CSK was tactically wrong: Irfan Pathan.
Ex-India all-rounder Irfan Pathan stated on Twitter that the decision to send Hardik Pandya at number three position and all-rounder Dasun Shanaka at number four in IPL 2023's Qualifier 1 against CSK was "tactically wrong". "Shanaka's career strike rate against spinners is 109," added Irfan. Hardik scored eight runs off seven balls while Shanaka accumulated 17 runs in 16 deliveries.

US-made vehicles used by Ukraine to attack our city: Russia.
Russia has accused the US of arming Ukraine in the recent attack on the Russian city of Belgorod. Russia shared images of the military vehicles damaged in the attack, which it claimed were made in the US. The US State Department responded by stating that it is "sceptical" of Russia's claims. Separately, Ukraine has denied its involvement in the attack.

Only MSD could've led CSK to IPL final with this bowling: Sehwag.
Ex-India opener Virender Sehwag said only MS Dhoni could've led CSK to the IPL 2023 final considering their bowling line-up. "That is why he's who he is and receives love that he does...Leadership is about getting...best out of resources," added Sehwag. CSK beat GT by 15 runs in IPL 2023's Qualifier 1 to reach their 10th IPL final.

Old people make up one-third of Ukraine's war casualties: UN.
Older people have suffered and died at a disproportionately high rate since Russia began invading Ukraine in February last year, a UN report said. As per the report compiled by UN human rights monitors, around a third of the civilians killed in the first year of the war, or 1,346 of 4,187 documented victims, were over 60 years of age.

Man praises Hitler on LinkedIn, deletes account after criticism.
After a Deloitte employee praised German dictator Adolf Hitler on LinkedIn, he was forced to apologise and then he deleted his LinkedIn account following criticism. He wrote in his post titled "Friday Inspiration" about how he always wanted to read about Hitler and went on to speak about his "charismatic qualities". He clarified he didn't intend to hurt anyone's feelings.

Parliament not made of bricks of ego: Rahul on new Parliament row.
Amid the controversy over the inauguration of the new Parliament building, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi tweeted on Wednesday that the Parliament is "not made of bricks of ego, but of constitutional values". "Not getting the President to inaugurate the Parliament and not inviting her for the ceremony is an insult to the country's highest constitutional post," he said.

PM Modi should not inaugurate new Parliament building: Owaisi.
AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Wednesday said that PM Narendra Modi should not inaugurate the new Parliament building. "Speaker (Om Birla) is the custodian of the Lok Sabha and he should be the one inaugurating the building," he said. "I request PM Modi to step back...and give a message to the nation that he believes in the Constitution," he added.

Kejriwal meets Uddhav to seek support against Centre's ordinance.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal met Shiv Sena (UBT) head Uddhav Thackeray at latter's residence in Mumbai on Wednesday to seek support against Centre's ordinance on control of services in Delhi. "We all have come together to save the country...I think we should not be called Opposition parties, in fact, [Centre] should be called Opposition," Uddhav said after the meeting.

Gurugram man loses ₹70 lakh to part-time job offer, lands in debt.
A resident of Gurugram allegedly lost over ₹70 lakh to fraudsters who promised him hefty commissions under the pretext of a part-time job, police said. "Earlier, I had a business, but in a month, I've lost it all," the victim said. The man received a message about rating hotels and 'liking' videos and was promised a commission of ₹2,000-₹3,000.

Over 4,900 dead in road accidents in 4 months in 2023: Maha Police.
Over 4,900 people have died due to road accidents and over 6,800 were severely injured in Maharashtra from January-April 2023, Maharashtra Police said. The police added that last year, more than 15,000 people died due to road accidents in the state. Of the people who died in road accidents, 57% are bikers and 21% are pedestrians, police further said.

Relative hiding in house kills 52-year-old woman with sword in Raj.
A 52-year-old woman was attacked with a sword by a relative who was hiding in her house in Rajasthan, police said on Wednesday. A police official said that the accused used to visit the woman frequently, despite her asking him to stop visiting her house. He would often sit inside a public park and wait for her, the official added.

4.5-magnitude earthquake hits western Nepal.
A 4.5-magnitude earthquake hit western Nepal on Wednesday at 4.06 am with its epicentre located at Bajhang district East, officials reported. The earthquake was also felt in the surrounding districts of Bajhang in western Nepal. There was no immediate report of any casualty or damage to property, the officials added.

Had son as birth control was too expensive: US Congress' Boebert.
US Congresswoman and Colorado representative Lauren Boebert said she had her third son because birth control was too expensive. Boebert shared an incident at a pharmacy where she was shocked by the high price of birth control and decided to forgo it. She, however, added that it turned out to be a great decision.

India's FY23 GDP growth could surpass 7% estimate: RBI Governor.
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das while speaking at the CII Annual Session today said India's GDP growth for FY2023 could surpass the 7% estimate. "For the year...2022-23...the estimates are that it (GDP growth) will be 7%. But there is a possibility that it could be even more," Das said. He added it won't be a surprise if GDP goes above 7%.

Karnataka college tells female students to watch 'The Kerala Story', gives free tickets.
The SVM Ayurvedic Medical College in Ilkal, Karnataka, directed all female students of BAMS and PG courses to watch 'The Kerala Story'. As per the notice signed by Principal KC Das, they can watch it at Srinivas Talkies for free from 12-3 pm today. The afternoon classes were suspended for it. "All of you must see the movie," Das said.

Nitesh asked hotel staff to get food to room, didn't answer when staff arrived: Police.
Actor Nitesh Pandey was found dead inside a hotel room in Igatpuri. On Tuesday evening, Pandey went to the hotel restaurant, ordered food and asked the hotel staff to get the food to his room by 10.30 pm, a police official said. However, Pandey did not answer when the hotel staff arrived at his room.

List of best & worst US cities to start career released; New York named worst.
New York has been named the worst city for new graduates to start a career in 2023, according to a survey of 182 US cities by personal finance website WalletHub. Besides New York, Gulfport, Newark, Detroit and Santa Clarita were among the least feasible cities. Atlanta emerged as the best city, followed by Orlando, Salt Lake City, Columbia and Tampa.

I can be a very annoying captain: MS Dhoni.
CSK captain MS Dhoni, during post-match presentation following their Qualifier 1 victory against GT, said that he can be a very annoying captain. "I shift the fielder one or two feet here and there every time," he said. He further said, "The only request I ask from the fielders is 'keep an eye on me'."

Umpires laughing over the incident not good enough: Hogg on Dhoni's argument with umpires.
Reacting to MS Dhoni's argument with umpires over Matheesha Pathirana not being allowed to bowl due to rules, Brad Hogg tweeted, "Dhoni using his presence to full effect...luring...umpires into...4-minute discussion causing time to run out for Pathirana to bowl after an extended break." He added, "Umpires laughing over the incident rather than taking control of...situation isn't good enough."

A guy mistook me for Nadal, left without taking a pic after I said I wasn't Nadal: Federer.
During a question-answer session on Twitter, Roger Federer revealed that a fan at a recent F1 race asked him, "Can I have a picture with you Mr Nadal?" Federer added, "I told him I wasn't Mr Nadal. He apologised and left without taking a picture." Federer retired from tennis last year.

Cristiano Ronaldo's brother to face legal action for selling counterfeit jerseys.
Cristiano Ronaldo's brother Hugo dos Santos Aveiro has been formally accused of fraud by the Italian Public Prosecutor's Office in the case of allegedly selling counterfeit Juventus jerseys. Hugo will now face legal proceedings for selling T-shirts, bearing Ronaldo's image and signature, without the necessary permissions and licences. The investigation into the fraud had begun in 2019.

Loyalty & respect is give & take: Uthappa as fan accuses him of 'selling his soul' to CSK.
After Robin Uthappa shared picture of himself supporting CSK with his son from stadium, a fan tweeted, "Bro played one-two seasons with CSK and sold his soul...I've never seen him supporting KKR like this." In an apparent dig at KKR, Uthappa responded, "Loyalty and respect is a give and take my friend!!" Uthappa played for KKR from 2014 to 2019.

India 'absolutely' interesting choice for new Tesla factory: Musk.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk said the automaker would probably pick a location for a new factory by the end of this year. When a journalist with The Wall Street Journal asked Musk if India was interesting, the Tesla CEO responded, "Absolutely". Tesla is "serious" about its plans to establish a manufacturing base in India, Union Minister Rajeev Chandrasekhar earlier said.

13-yr-old kills sister with boyfriend's help, chops body & burns it with acid.
A 13-year-old girl killed her younger sister with her boyfriend's help in Bihar's Vaishali district, a police official said. As the 9-year-old girl's body began to rot, the duo chopped the body, burnt it with acid and threw the remains. The incident came to light when some villagers spotted the body's remains and informed the police.

Shopkeepers can't demand personal details to generate bill: Govt.
The Secretary of the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Rohit Kumar Singh, said sellers cannot insist on the personal details of consumers for offering services. "Sellers say they cannot generate the bill until personal contact details are provided. This is an unfair trade practice," he said. An advisory to address this issue has been issued to CII and FICCI, he added.

PM Modi's visit strengthened India-Aus relations: Australian PM.
Australian PM Anthony Albanese on Wednesday said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit has strengthened the "close and strong relationship that Australia enjoys with India". "This is a relationship we need to invest in. Our strong partnership with India will deliver benefits for Australia in trade, investment and business, and in regional security and stability," Albanese added.

Pausing interest rate hikes not in my hands: RBI Governor Das.
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das at a CII event said, "Pausing rate hikes isn't a decision entirely in my hands because I'm driven by what's happening at the ground level." His remark came after CII President Sanjiv Bajaj said that he hoped the economic situation will aid in pausing rate hikes. In April, the RBI kept repo rate unchanged at 6.50%.

Some international postgraduate students to lose right to bring family to UK.
Under UK government's new immigration curbs, foreign postgraduate students on non-research courses will no longer be able to bring family members to the UK. The government said it will help cut migration "substantially" and stop people from using student visas as a backdoor route to find work in Britain. In 2022, 135,788 visas were granted to dependants of foreign students.

'The Last of Us' TV series boosts sales of Sony's namesake game.
Sony Interactive Entertainment claimed the success of 'The Last of Us' TV series on HBO is boosting sales of the namesake game franchise upon which the drama is based. "We could see very...clearly that every time an episode of that show dropped...sales of the game increased very dramatically," CEO Jim Ryan stated. 'The Last of Us' is a post-apocalyptic series.

Cried when faced camera after recovery from Covid issues: Aniruddh.
Actor Aniruddh Dave, in an interview, talked about his journey of recovery from COVID-19. Aniruddh said, "My lungs were weak and I had difficulty [in] talking. Speaking a single line without gasping for air was an impossible task!" "Resuming acting was a far-fetched idea over a year ago...I cried when I faced the camera...after overcoming my health issues," he added.

What is Twitter Spaces, where DeSantis will announce US Prez bid?.
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis will announce his US Presidential bid during a Twitter Spaces discussion with billionaire Elon Musk. Twitter Spaces is a feature where users can have live audio conversations. Anyone with 600 or more followers can host a Space, which can be accessed by anyone. Up to 13 people can speak in a Space at any given time.

Man held in B'luru not 2015 Punjab sacrilege accused: Police.
Punjab Police on Wednesday said a man who was held at Bengaluru airport on Tuesday was not Sandeep Bareta, who is one of the main conspirators in 2015's Bargari sacrilege cases. Bengaluru Police had detained some other person whose name is Sandeep Mannan and is a resident of Delhi, Punjab Police added. The sacrilege incidents led to protests in Punjab.

Indian-origin climber goes missing at Mt Everest, search underway.
A search and rescue operation is underway to locate an Indian-origin climber who has gone missing at Mount Everest. The Indian-Singaporean man, Shrinivas Sainis Dattatraya, reportedly went missing on Saturday after reaching the peak's summit. He had reportedly sent a message to his wife saying that he had high-altitude cerebral oedema, a severe high-altitude illness, which could prove fatal.

5 of family including 3 children found dead at home in Kerala.
Five members of a family, including three children, were found dead at their house in Kerala's Cherupuzha on Wednesday, police said. The couple had apparently got married a week ago and the children were from the woman's first marriage. As per preliminary investigation, the police suspect that the couple murdered the children and then died by suicide.

Pakistan considering banning Imran Khan's party: Defence Minister.
Pakistan is considering banning ex-PM Imran Khan's political party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), the country's Defence Minister Khawaja Asif said on Wednesday. His remarks come after violence erupted in Pakistan following Khan's arrest on May 9 on corruption charges. "The PTI has attacked very basis of the state, that never happened before. It can't be tolerated," Asif added.

Climate activists disrupt Europe’s biggest private jet fair.
Climate activists disrupted Europe's largest private jet trade fair in Geneva by sitting in front of one of the aircraft. The activists, who were calling for a global ban on the use of private jets because of their carbon footprint, also stuck tobacco-style health warning labels on some of the jets at European Business Aviation Convention and Exhibition (EBACE).

We'll fly int'l, place larger plane order by yr end: Akasa Air CEO.
Akasa Air CEO Vinay Dube said the airline will not only fly international routes but also place a "significantly" larger order for aircraft before 2023-end. "We've placed an order for 72 aircraft...We're well on our way [to placing a much larger order]," Dube said. The larger order is not going to include wide-body aircraft, he added.

War on inflation not over, no room for complacency: RBI Governor.
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das on Wednesday said the war on inflation is not over and "we have to remain alert". "There is no room for complacency. We will have to see how the El Nino factor plays out," Das said. India's annual retail inflation eased to an 18-month low of 4.7% in April from 5.66% in March.

DGCA to audit Go First's preparedness to restart ops: Report.
Aviation regulator DGCA will conduct an audit of cash-strapped Go First's preparedness to restart its operations, Reuters reported citing an internal memo the airline sent to employees. "Once approved by the regulator, we would be soon commencing operations," the memo read. It also quoted CEO Kaushik Khona assuring that salaries for April will be credited before the commencement of operations.

Sanctions on Russia diamonds may hit 10 lakh Surat workers: Report.
Nearly 10 lakh diamond workers in Surat may lose jobs after G7's decision to put fresh sanctions on Russian diamonds, Economic Times reported. This is reportedly because around 90% diamonds globally are cut and polished in India and Russia's Alrosa accounts for 30% of global rough diamond output. Production cut led to 10,000 diamond workers losing jobs earlier this year.

Congress' UT Khader becomes 1st Muslim Speaker of K'taka Assembly.
Karnataka former minister and five-time Congress MLA UT Khader has been unanimously elected as Speaker of the state Legislative Assembly on Wednesday, becoming the first Muslim leader to do so. There was no other person contesting for the post. State CM Siddaramaiah had proposed Khader's name for the post and Deputy CM DK Shivakumar had seconded it.

19 Opposition parties to boycott new Parliament's inauguration, release statement.
Nineteen Opposition parties, including Congress, AAP, TMC and DMK, will boycott the inauguration of new Parliament building on May 28. They said the inauguration by PM Narendra Modi, and not President Droupadi Murmu, is an assault on democracy. "When the soul of democracy has been sucked out from Parliament, we find no value in a new building," their statement read.

Adani back in top 20 on billionaire's list, gets richer by $4.38 billion in a day.
Adani Group Founder and Chairman Gautam Adani reclaimed his position in the top 20 on the Bloomberg Billionaires list. Adani Group companies' share prices jumped in trade on Tuesday, with the billionaire's net worth surging by $4.38 billion to $64.2 billion. Gautam Adani is now on the 18th spot among the world's wealthiest individuals.

Medicines found at actor Aditya Rajput's residence after his death; being investigated.
Mumbai Police on Wednesday said that some medicines have been found at deceased actor Aditya Singh Rajput's residence and have been taken for investigation. Police said the postmortem has been done and that the doctors have kept the cause of death report reserved. Rajput's body was handed over to his family and his last rites were performed yesterday, police added.

Sourav Ganguly appointed brand ambassador of Tripura Tourism.
Former Team India captain Sourav Ganguly has been named Tripura Tourism's Brand Ambassador. The announcement came after Tripura Tourism Minister Sushanta Chowdhury met Ganguly at his home in Kolkata and discussed the proposal. "I am confident that Shri Ganguly Ji's participation will definitely give an impetus to the state's tourism sector," Tripura Chief Minister Manik Saha said.

Boycotting new Parliament's inauguration most unfortunate: Joshi.
Union Minister Pralhad Joshi said that Opposition boycotting new Parliament building's inauguration is "most unfortunate". "I would like to tell them that this is a historical event. This is not the time for politics...I appeal to them to reconsider their decision and join this historical function," Joshi said after 19 Opposition parties issued a joint statement to boycott the inauguration.

What is the history of 'Sengol', that'll be placed in new Parliament?.
PM Narendra Modi will install the golden sceptre, Sengol, in the new Parliament building on May 28. It was used on August 14, 1947, to mark transfer of power from British to Jawaharlal Nehru. The high priests of a leading Saivite Mutt in Tamil Nadu have blessed it. Notably, the Sengol signified the transfer of power in the Chola dynasty.

PM Modi invites Australian PM to watch Cricket World Cup in India.
PM Narendra Modi has invited his Australian counterpart Anthony Albanese and all Australian cricket fans to India for the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023, to be held later this year. "At that time, you will also get to see the grand Diwali celebration in India," he added. Yesterday, he said that cricket has kept Australia and India connected for ages.

PM to honour 60,000 workers who constructed new Parliament: Shah.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah has announced that PM Narendra Modi will honour around 60,000 workers who were part of the new Parliament building's construction. This comes as 19 Opposition parties have decided to boycott the new building's inauguration on May 28. Following this, Shah said that the political parties "are allowed to act as per their wisdom".

Which are the most miserable nations in the world?.
Zimbabwe has been named the world's most miserable country on Hanke's Annual Misery Index (HAMI). The African country is followed by Venezuela, Syria, Lebanon and Sudan. Other nations in the top 10 are Argentina, Yemen, Ukraine, Cuba and Turkey. The Annual Misery Index is compiled by Steve Hanke, professor of Applied Economics at Johns Hopkins University.

You said 'Let's meet', we won't now: Ashwin on Nitesh's death.
Actor Ashwin Mushran took to Twitter to mourn the death of actor Nitesh Pandey. "Lost a friend and a genuinely lovely person today...We spoke a few days ago and you said 'Let's meet Ashwin...else we will always keep talking on call'...I guess we won't now," Ashwin wrote, while adding, "Travel to the other side in peace my friend."

May have burnt a lot of my high school pics, I regret it: Priyanka.
Actress Priyanka Chopra has revealed that she may have burnt a lot of her high school pictures and that she regrets the decision now. "It was the early 2000s, and everyone had a bit of this. It was like highlights, eyeliner and chain dresses and low-waist jeans and thongs were showing. So much was happening," she added.

There were death & bomb threats: Sunny on saying yes to Bigg Boss.
Actress Sunny Leone recalled there were death threats and bomb threats after she said yes to participating in 'Bigg Boss'. While talking about her time on the show, she added, "What people related to was that...I was human, and not jumping on tables and doing all sorts of crazy stuff...They related with...the person who was cooking in the kitchen...[and] cleaning."

Three actors passed away in 3-4 days, such an unkind time: Hansal.
Filmmaker Hansal Mehta on Wednesday took to Twitter to condole the deaths of actors Aditya Singh Rajput, Vaibhavi Upadhyaya and Nitesh Pandey. "Three young persons. Three actors. Passed away in a span of 3-4 days. Rest In Peace dear colleagues. This is such an unkind time. Prayers with their grieving families," Mehta wrote.

Hope Dhoni's innings vs GT won't be his last at Chepauk: Irfan.
Former India cricketer Irfan Pathan, while talking about CSK captain MS Dhoni, said he hopes that with the Impact Player rule being in play, Dhoni's innings against GT in IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 isn't his "last innings at Chepauk" in Chennai. On being asked about his retirement plans, Dhoni said, "I don’t know, I have 8-9 months to decide."

I motivate Pathirana saying he'll get LKR 9 cr if we win: Chahar.
CSK pacer Deepak Chahar revealed he motivates his teammate Matheesha Pathirana by saying he'll earn LKR 9 crore if CSK win IPL 2023. "To Conway, I converted it in New Zealand Dollar (3.8 million)," Chahar stated. CSK defeated GT by 15 runs in IPL 2023's Qualifier 1 and have reached the final. Chahar took two wickets in the match.

Our ties have entered the T20 mode: PM Modi on India-Aus relations.
PM Modi invited Australian PM Anthony Albanese to the 2023 World Cup in India and said, "You'll get to see the grand Diwali celebration." "I'm visiting Australia within two months of the visit of...PM Albanese to India...This is our sixth meeting in...one year," PM added. "In the language of cricket, our ties have entered the T20 mode," said PM Modi.

DeSantis to announce US Presidential bid in Twitter chat with Musk.
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis will reportedly announce his 2024 US Presidential bid in a livestreamed Twitter chat with the microblogging platform's owner Elon Musk on Wednesday. "I'll be interviewing...DeSantis and he has quite an announcement to make," Musk stated. The billionaire tweeted, "Any candidate who announces on this platform will get the highest possible audience. It's a smart move."

Ex-OpenAI execs raise $450 mn for Google-backed startup Anthropic.
Dario and Daniela Amodei, who are former executives of OpenAI, have raised $450 million for their artificial intelligence (AI) startup Anthropic from investors including Google and Spark Capital. This brings Anthropic's total funding to nearly $1 billion. Earlier, Google invested $300 million in the company, taking a 10% stake. Notably, Anthropic's rival OpenAI is backed by Microsoft.

Decorum not followed: DMK on boycotting Parliament inauguration.
Reacting to 19 Opposition parties, including DMK, boycotting the inauguration event of new Parliament building, DMK MP Kanimozhi said that they are opposing the event because it is not being done in a proper way and decorum is not being followed. Some of the parties boycotting the event are - Congress, AAP, Shiv Sena (UBT), JMM and RJD, among others.

PM is 'Pagla Modi': Congress MP Adhir on ₹2,000 notes withdrawal.
While speaking about the withdrawal of the ₹2,000 currency notes, Congress MP Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury criticised PM Narendra Modi, saying, "He isn't Modi, he is 'Pagla Modi'." He added that people are "completely frustrated" with the present government. "Now, people are...saying that [political parties] will have to come together under Congress' leadership to fight against [BJP]," he further said.

Factually incorrect: Delhivery on reports of plan to acquire Gati.
Logistics service provider Delhivery has refuted media reports which claimed that it is in early-stage talks to acquire Hyderabad-based logistics company Gati. In its stock filing, the Gurugram-based startup said, "The company would like to clarify that the news is factually incorrect and baseless. There have been no such discussions whatsoever." Gati was acquired by Allcargo Logistics in 2020.

16-yr-old stabs taxi driver to death in Delhi's Jafrabad; arrested.
A 16-year-old boy was arrested for allegedly killing a taxi driver during a robbery bid in northeast Delhi's Jafrabad, the police said. According to police, the driver was resting inside his car with its door open when four boys walked past and then returned to rob him. In the scuffle that followed, they stabbed him and fled, the police added.

Japan won't join NATO military alliance: PM Fumio Kishida.
Japanese PM Fumio Kishida said the country had no plans to join the NATO military alliance but acknowledged the security alliance's plan to open a liaison office in Japan. Kishida's comments came after the Japanese ambassador to the US said that the alliance was planning a Tokyo office, the first in Asia, to facilitate consultations in the region.

Girl started Guyana school fire that killed 19 over phone seizure.
A fire in a school dormitory in Guyana that killed 19 people was lit by a female student after her mobile phone was confiscated, police said on Tuesday. Nearly 30 children were hospitalised after the fire. The dorm was reportedly locked and had covered windows which trapped victims. On Monday, Guyana's President Irfaan Ali declared three days of national mourning.

Russia claims to have killed 70 'Ukrainian saboteurs' in Belgorod.
Armed insurgents who crossed the border from Ukraine to launch attacks in Russia's Belgorod region have been defeated, Moscow claimed. Over 70 "Ukrainian saboteurs" have been killed and four armoured combat vehicles have been destroyed, Russian authorities said. Earlier, Deputy Chairman of Russia's Security Council, Dmitry Medvedev, said the attackers deserved to be exterminated "like rats".

We don't buy umbrella for decoration: RBI Guv on stabilising Rupee.
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das responded to criticism on using USD to stabilise Rupee's value saying, "We buy an umbrella to use it when it rains. We don't buy [it] to use as a decoration piece." Das said there was a surge in outflows due to Russia-Ukraine war. "We had to intervene...because our primary focus is [maintaining] Rupee's stability," Das added.

ED raids premises of aides of AAP MP Sanjay Singh in liquor scam.
Aam Aadmi Party MP Sanjay Singh alleged on Wednesday that Enforcement Directorate conducted raids at the premises linked to his aides Ajit Tyagi and Sarvesh Mishra in connection with the alleged liquor policy scam. In a video message, Singh criticised ED and BJP over the raids. He also revealed that Sarvesh Mishra's father is suffering from cancer.

World's richest person Bernard Arnault loses $11.2 billion in a day.
World's richest person Bernard Arnault lost $11.2 billion in one day over concerns that a softening US economy will dampen demand for luxury goods. The founder of LVMH still has a net worth of $192 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. He has added $29.5 billion so far this year.

Actor Nitesh Pandey was found dead at hotel, staff being questioned.
TV actor Nitesh Pandey, who passed away at the age of 51 due to suspected cardiac arrest, was found dead at a hotel in Igatpuri in Nashik, Maharashtra. The hotel staff and people close to him are being questioned, news agency ANI reported. He was seen in Shah Rukh Khan-starrer 'Om Shanti Om' and also appeared in TV show 'Anupamaa'.

Upstox knows but some fans don't: Jadeja on being named 'Most Valuable Asset of Match'.
After being named 'Upstox Most Valuable Asset of the Match' against GT in IPL 2023 Qualifier 1, CSK all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja tweeted, "Upstox knows but..some fans don't." Earlier, Jadeja, in a post-match interview, said that several CSK fans wait for him to get out so MS Dhoni can come to bat. Jadeja scored 22(16) and took two wickets against GT.

Men's cricket calendar reaching a point where things may break, suggests FICA President.
Federation of International Cricketers' Associations (FICA) President Lisa Sthalekar has suggested that the men's cricket calendar is reaching a point where things "may break". She said, "Ideally, we want a strong competition internationally where countries want their best players to play against each other. We are seeing a number of leagues come up, which clash with bilateral cricket."

Netflix expands crackdown on password sharing to more than 100 countries.
Netflix has expanded its password sharing crackdown to over 100 countries, alerting users their accounts cannot be shared for free outside of their households. Netflix sent emails to customers in 103 countries and territories, including US, Britain, France, Germany, Australia, Singapore, Mexico and Brazil. "Paying customers can add a member outside of their homes for an additional fee," it said.

200-year-old tree falls on people due to rain in U'khand; 2 dead.
Two people were killed and several others were injured after a 200-year-old tree fell due to rain and a storm in Jwalapur area in Uttarakhand's Haridwar, according to police and a doctor. One person was referred to AIIMS Rishikesh, the doctor said. A tourist from Sonipat died after a tree fell on him near Chamgadar Tapu, as per the SSP.

7 dead, 1 injured after cruiser vehicle meets with accident in J&K.
At least seven people were killed and one person was critically injured after a cruiser vehicle of the Pakal Dul project met with an accident in Jammu and Kashmir's Kishtwar, according to officials. Union Minister Dr Jitendra Singh said that he has spoken to the DC Kishtwar about the "unfortunate" incident and "all possible help, as required, will be provided".

Expert panel says Indian syrup led to mass Gambian deaths: Report.
Cough syrup imported from India was responsible for the outbreak of kidney failure that killed over 60 children in Gambia last year, Bloomberg reported citing a report submitted to Gambian government by international experts. The report established that in 22 cases, the children drank the contaminated syrup. In 30 other cases, children's symptoms were consistent with contaminated syrup's effects.

Actress Vaibhavi's 'Sarabhai...' co-actors condole her demise.
'Sarabhai vs Sarabhai' actors took to social media to condole the demise of actress Vaibhavi Upadhyaya, who died in a car accident. "This is not fair...gone too soon," actress Rupali Ganguly tweeted. "Shocking! A very fine actress and a dear friend Vaibhavi Upadhyaya, popularly known as 'Jasmine'...passed away," actor-director Deven Bhojani said.

Richa defends celebs attending Cannes amid criticism over 'films vs fashion' debate.
Richa Chadha took to Instagram Stories to request everyone to not "sh*t on anyone" after criticism over Cannes Film Festival. "There's a lot of chatter on social media about Cannes...People are excited to be here...I notice the ones that are thanking...brands/designers/alcohol labels that are bringing their influencers here...It's also a great venue for marketing no? Let them be," she wrote.

Made 'Laal...' for 12 yrs, Aamir gave 4 yrs for shoot: Writer Atul.
'Laal Singh Chaddha' writer Atul Kulkarni said that the team had been making the movie for 12 years. "Getting the permissions took some time. We shot the film for a few years and then the pandemic happened," he added. "A star like Aamir Khan gave four years of his life to shoot this film!" he further said.

My 1st paycheck was of ₹4,000, was paid ₹2,000 per day: Shivangi.
When asked about her first paycheck, actress Shivangi Joshi said that "it was [for] ₹4,000". "I did a two-day character...that's how I started...my per day was ₹2,000," the 'Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai' actress added. She also spoke about telling her mother everything and attending a party in Mumbai where she said she wore a six-inch heel for first time.

Real Madrid forward Vinicius Jr's red card has been revoked: RFEF.
The Royal Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) said Real Madrid forward Vinicius Jr's red card in LaLiga match at Valencia has been revoked. The forward was shown a red card for reportedly 'slapping' an opposition player while being engaged in a verbal battle. He was racially abused in match. Seven people accused of different hate crimes against Vinicius have been detained.

22-yr-old Indian shooter Ganemat wins skeet silver at World Cup.
Ganemat Sekhon, 22, has won silver medal in skeet shooting for India at the ISSF World Cup in Almaty. Assem Orynbay of Kazakhstan, who won gold, defeated Sekhon following a shoot-off. Both of them had finished the 60-shot final with 50 hits each. "The silver medal in tough conditions here has come at the right time in my...career," Sekhon stated.

SoundCloud to fire 8% of its US staff over profit concerns: Report.
SoundCloud is set to lay off 8% of its workforce in US, or about 40 people, as it aims to turn profitable and attract more investors, LatestLY reported. SoundCloud CEO Eliah Seton reportedly announced the layoffs during a meeting, calling them "simply the hardest thing". The latest layoffs come about nine months after SoundCloud laid off 20% of its workforce.

Additional troops deployed in Manipur after fresh violence.
A day after fresh incidents of violence were reported in Manipur, the authorities on Tuesday sent an additional 600 Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel from five companies to the state. On Tuesday, business establishments remained closed and people were asked to stay indoors in Imphal after a mob torched two houses on Monday.

HC sets aside Delhi Mayor's order to hold repoll for MCD's panel.
Delhi High Court on Tuesday set aside an order by MCD Mayor Shelly Oberoi calling for fresh elections to six members of the 18-member standing committee. The court directed her to declare the results of the polls conducted on February 24. The act of the mayor in rejecting the ballot was "bad in law", the judge said.

China urges US to restore ties after Biden's 'thaw' remark.
China has urged the US to bring bilateral ties back on track which deteriorated after US, earlier this year, shot down a Chinese balloon which it claimed was used for spying. This comes after US President Joe Biden, during a news conference, said that he expects a "thaw" in relations with China "very shortly".

Pak PM is irrelevant, Army chief is calling the shots: Imran Khan.
Former Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan called the country's Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif "irrelevant" and a "puppet of the Army". "It is the Army chief (Asim Munir) who is calling the shots," Khan said. "I am a politician. I want dialogue with anyone, including the Army chief...but I'm afraid it takes two to tango," he added.

Video shows Texas house speaker in alleged drunk & slurring state.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton called on House Speaker Dade Phelan to resign after a viral video showed him slurring his speech and struggling to stand. "Texans were dismayed to witness his performance presiding over the Texas House in a state of apparent debilitating intoxication," Paxton said. The attorney general also wrote a letter calling for an investigation.

UK Royal Family rejects calls to return Ethiopian Prince's remains.
The Buckingham Palace rejected a request to return the remains of an Ethiopian prince who was buried at Windsor Castle in 19th century. Prince Alemayehu arrived in UK as an orphan aged seven after he was allegedly taken by British soldiers following the Battle of Maqdala. He died aged 18 and was buried at the castle at Queen Victoria's request.

Mahindra & Mahindra to sell ₹520-cr shares of Mahindra CIE: Report.
Indian automotive manufacturer Mahindra & Mahindra is set to sell shares worth ₹520 crore of automotive components supplier Mahindra CIE Automotive through a block deal, a report said. The former's stake in Mahindra CIE Automotive will reportedly drop to zero following the deal. It held 3.20% stake or 1.2 crore shares in the company at the end of March 2023.

Virgin Orbit auctions $36-mn assets as it permanently ceases ops.
Billionaire Richard Branson's bankrupt satellite launch firm Virgin Orbit on Tuesday revealed it was permanently ceasing operations after a $36.4 million asset sale. Small-rocket firm Rocket Lab won Virgin Orbit's primary manufacturing site for $16 million during an auction held on Monday. Rocket Lab has also acquired a bulk of Virgin Orbit's Long Beach, California headquarters.

Vedanta secures $850-mn loan deal from JPMorgan, Oaktree: Report.
Vedanta Resources has raised an $850-million loan from JPMorgan and Oaktree, CNBC-TV18 reported. Vedanta aims to use the capital to repay debt, including its $500-million bonds which are set to mature by the end of this month. After Vedanta announced ₹18.5/share interim dividend, its parent Vedanta Resources is set to receive ₹4,683 crore, which is equivalent to maturing bonds' value.

Anupamaa actor Nitesh Pandey passes away due to cardiac arrest at the age of 51.
Actor Nitesh Pandey has passed away due to cardiac arrest at the age of 51. Nitesh's brother-in-law, producer Siddharth Nagar, confirmed the news, saying, "My sister Arpita Pandey is in a state of shock." Pandey was part of TV shows Anupamaa, Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara, among others.

Tamil Nadu govt extends ban on gutkha, pan masala for one year.
Ban on manufacture, storage, transport, distribution or sale of chewable food products, like gutkha and pan masala, which contain tobacco and nicotine as ingredients has been extended in Tamil Nadu for one year from May 23, according to state Commissioner of Food Safety and Drug Administration. Earlier, the Supreme Court stayed Madras High Court's order which set aside the ban.

Actress Vaibhavi's car fell into valley in Himachal Pradesh, was with her fiancé.
Producer-actor JD Majethia has revealed that actress Vaibhavi Upadhyaya's car fell into a valley in Himachal Pradesh while she was travelling with her fiancé. "It's unbelievable, sad and shocking. Unbelievable that life can be so unpredictable," Majethia said. Vaibhavi worked in the web series Please Find Attached, TV show Kya Qusoor Hai Amla Ka? and in the movie Chhapaak.

Bollywood director wanted to see my underwear during stripping scene: Priyanka.
Priyanka Chopra revealed a Bollywood director wanted to see her underwear once. "I'm undercover...I'm seducing the guy and...have to take off one piece of clothing [at a time]...He was like, 'No, I need to see her underwear. Otherwise, why is anybody coming to watch this movie?'" she said. She recalled he didn't say it to her but to a stylist.

Gujarat Titans lose all their 10 wickets in a match for the first time.
The IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 between Gujarat Titans (GT) and Chennai Super Kings (CSK) in Chennai marked the first instance of GT losing all their 10 wickets in a match in IPL. GT were bowled out for 157 runs in 20 overs as CSK won the match by 15 runs. GT have played 31 matches in IPL so far.

I've 8-9 months to decide, why take the headache now: Dhoni on whether he'll play IPL 2024.
On being asked whether he'll play IPL 2024, CSK captain MS Dhoni said, "I don't know. I've eight to nine months to decide." He added, "Small auction will take place around December...Why to take that headache right now?" Dhoni stated, "I've ample time to decide. I'll always be there for CSK whether it's in playing form or sitting somewhere outside."

Rahul moves court for NOC to secure new passport ahead of US visit.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has moved a court in Delhi seeking a no objection certificate (NOC) for the issuance of a new ordinary passport ahead of his visit to the US. Earlier this year, Gandhi surrendered his diplomatic passport after being disqualified as a Lok Sabha MP. Gandhi has moved the application in the National Herald case.

PM Albanese assured strict action: PM Modi on attacks on temples in Australia.
PM Narendra Modi discussed the issue of attacks on temples in Australia with his Australian counterpart Anthony Albanese. "PM Albanese assured me once again today that he will take strict actions against such elements in the future also," PM Modi said. "We will not tolerate elements that can harm the cordial relationship between India and Australia," PM Modi added.

Delhi Police Head Constable clears UPSC exam in 8th attempt, secures 667th rank.
Delhi Police Head Constable Ram Bhajan Kumar has cleared the UPSC examination, securing the 667th rank in his eighth attempt. Thirty-four-year-old Kumar, who joined the force in 2009, said he'll appear for the preliminary examination to improve his rank. He added that he was inspired by Firoz Alam, a constable who became ACP after clearing the UPSC exam in 2019.

Amazon US staff to walkout over layoffs, return-to-office: Reports.
Amazon's Seattle headquarters staff have announced plans for a massive walkout scheduled for next week, according to reports. The walkout is in response to recent layoffs and the firm's return-to-office mandate. "Morale feels like it's at an all-time low...There's so much uncertainty and lack of clarity from leadership. It's an unsettling time to work at Amazon," an employee said.

He threw no tantrums: Dilip on sharing room with Salman Khan.
Actor Dilip Joshi has revealed that he shared a room with actor Salman Khan when they were shooting for 'Hum Aapke Hain Koun..!'. "He never objected to me being in his room. He was very cooperative and threw no tantrums...it was fun working with him," Joshi added. He also recalled having a fan moment while seeing Madhuri Dixit on set.

Ranbir's 'Galti Se Mistake' was shot over 6 months: Choreographer.
Choreographer Vijay Ganguly, in an interview, talked about Anurag Basu's 'Jagga Jasoos', starring Ranbir Kapoor. Ganguly said it took the film's team a lot of time to write the songs and scenes properly, adding, "People thought, 'Will this film ever be complete?'" Ganguly said film's song 'Galti Se Mistake' was shot for four days over the course of six months.

Dancing isn't my cup of tea, I huffed & puffed at an event: Manoj.
Actor Manoj Bajpayee said that he cannot dance at award shows. He added that he tried to do it years ago. "At the end of it, I was so tired, huffing and puffing, I realised this is not my cup of tea. And then the day Hrithik Roshan arrived in the scene, I gave up dancing," the 'Satya' actor recalled.

Trolls feel it's show-off: Arya on wearing heels with leg injury.
Actress Shraddha Arya, while talking about being trolled for wearing heels while suffering from a leg injury, said that people feel that it is a show-off. She added that she has been allowed by doctors to wear heels. "But my team felt having a crutch...would help so I won't fall or trip...The dress needed heels...so why not?" she added.

Ronaldo's goal helps Al Nassr beat Al Shabab, maintain title hopes.
Al Nassr forward Cristiano Ronaldo's out-of-the-box goal has helped his team seal a 3-2 win against Al Shabab. They need to win both of their remaining matches in order to win the Saudi Pro League and also hope that table toppers Al Ittihad lose their remaining matches. Al Ittihad and Al Nassr have 66 and 63 points respectively.

Wrestlers to hold 'Mahila panchayat' outside new Parliament on Sun.
Wrestlers protesting in Delhi against WFI chief Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh have decided to hold a peaceful 'Mahila Mahapanchayat' in front of the new Parliament building on Sunday (May 28). The new Parliament building will be inaugurated by PM Narendra Modi on the same day. On Tuesday, protesting wrestlers took out a candle march at India Gate.

Bengaluru-based battery-tech startup EMO Energy raises ₹10 crore.
Battery-tech startup EMO Energy on Tuesday said it has raised nearly ₹10 crore in a seed funding round led by Transition VC. Founded in 2022 by Sheetanshu Tyagi and Rahul Patel, the Bengaluru-based startup offers battery packs for light electric vehicles by using proprietary cell agnostic technology. "EMO's goal is to enable mass adoption of EVs and ESS," Tyagi said.

Australia to open new Consulate-General in Bengaluru: PM Albanese.
Australian PM Anthony Albanese, while addressing a joint press conference with PM Narendra Modi, has announced that the country will be opening a new Consulate-General in Karnataka's Bengaluru. He added that this would be Australia's fifth diplomatic presence in India. This will help "connect Australian businesses to India's booming digital and innovation ecosystem", he further said.

PM Modi gets ceremonial welcome at Australia's Admiralty House.
A video of PM Modi being accorded a Ceremonial Guard of Honour as he was welcomed at the Admiralty House in Australia's Sydney has surfaced online. This comes a day after PM Modi and his Australian counterpart Anthony Albanese addressed a community event. The video also shows PM Modi signing the visitors' book at the Admiralty House.

Atiq Ahmed's lawyer booked for demanding ₹3 crore as extortion.
Lawyer Vijay Mishra, who represented the dead mafia-turned-politician Atiq Ahmed, has been booked after a plywood trader accused him of extortion. In his complaint, the trader said that Mishra had bought goods worth ₹1.20 lakh from him on credit, but later refused to clear his dues. On April 20, Mishra demanded ₹3 crore in the name of Atiq, trader alleged.

13-yr-old dies after getting shot at US playground, teen arrested.
A 13-year-old boy who was shot in the head by two masked gunmen at a playground in New York last week has succumbed to his injuries. Police said they have arrested one of the suspects, a 17-year-old boy, for the killing. The shooting had led to the lockdown of an elementary school nearby the site of crime.

Ex-Pak FM Qureshi rearrested mins after being released from jail.
Former Pakistan Foreign Minister and Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Vice Chairman Shah Mahmood Qureshi was rearrested on Tuesday minutes after being released from jail, local media reported. Qureshi was among the top PTI leaders who were arrested following the outbreak of violence by PTI supporters after party's chief and ex-PM Imran Khan's arrest on May 9 in Al-Qadir Trust corruption case.

Bulgaria's Gospodinov wins International Booker for 'Time Shelter'.
Bulgarian writer Georgi Gospodinov and translator Angela Rodel won the International Booker Prize 2023 for 'Time Shelter'. The novel focuses on a "clinic for the past" that offers experimental Alzheimer's treatment. With this, it has become the first book written in Bulgarian to win the prize. The £50,000 ($62,000) in prize money is divided between author and translator.

SpiceJet stock down 14% on 18th anniversary of starting operations.
Shares of SpiceJet fell 13.93% on the 18th anniversary of the airline starting operations. Its shares closed at ₹24.16/share on Tuesday after falling to a 52-week low intraday of ₹22.56/share on the BSE. The airline's shares have seen a downward trend since its competitor Go First filed for insolvency early in May and have been falling continuously since May 16.

It has become political football: GQG Partners' Rajiv on Adani row.
GQG Partners' Founder Rajiv Jain said the Adani Group-Hindenburg Research row has "kind of become a political football more than real economics, substantive issue". "[Adani Group] got a complete clean chit...A lot of things that are being investigated have been investigated before," Jain said over SC-appointed panel's report on the row. GQG has raised stake in Adani to $3.5 billion.

Target removing LGBTQ merchandise after customers' criticism in US.
Retailer Target is removing some LGBTQ merchandise from its stores in US and its website after facing customers' backlash. It claimed it "experienced threats" after rolling out its Pride Collection earlier this month. The collection included "gender fluid" mugs, "queer all year" calendars and children's books titled "Pride 1,2,3" and "I'm not a girl". This comes ahead of Pride month.

'Sarabhai vs Sarabhai' actress Vaibhavi Upadhyaya dies in car accident.
Actress Vaibhavi Upadhyaya, best known for her role in TV show 'Sarabhai vs Sarabhai', lost her life in a car accident. "Life is so unpredictable. A very fine actress, dear friend Vaibhavi Upadhyaya popularly known as 'Jasmine' of Sarabhai vs Sarabhai passed away. She met with an accident in the north...RIP Vaibhavi," producer JD Majethia wrote on Twitter.

CSK defeat GT for the first time, become first team to reach 10 IPL finals.
Four-time champions CSK defeated defending champions GT by 15 runs in IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 at Chepauk Stadium on Tuesday. It is CSK's first win against GT in IPL. CSK have become the first team to reach 10 IPL finals. GT will now face the winner of the Eliminator between MI and LSG in Qualifier 2 on Friday.

19-yr-old India-origin man crashed truck near White House, says 'wanted to kill Biden'.
Police have arrested a 19-year-old Indian-origin man named Sai Varshith Kandula for crashing a truck into security barriers near the White House. Kandula told investigators his goal was to "get to the White House and seize power". Asked how he would seize power, Kandula said he would "kill President Joe Biden, if that's what I have to do".

TV actor Aditya Singh Rajput cremated in Mumbai.
TV actor Aditya Singh Rajput, who was found dead at his apartment in Mumbai's Andheri on Monday, was cremated on Tuesday in Oshiwara's crematorium. His funeral was attended by his family members and several celebrities, including Rajiv Adatia, Rohit Verma and Harsh Rajput. Aditya participated in 'Splitsvilla 9' and was also known for the shows 'Love', 'Ashiqui' and 'Code Red'.

Video of Arijit Singh going for grocery shopping on a scooter in West Bengal goes viral.
A video of singer Arijit Singh going for grocery shopping on a scooter has gone viral. The video, shared on Facebook, shows him in his hometown Murshidabad in West Bengal. Carrying a bag for groceries, he's seen exchanging pleasantries with some people. He is then seen getting on the scooter and driving off. "So down to earth," a person commented.

Man survives after 7-ft-long steel bar goes through his chest & head in China.
A man survived after he accidentally fell and was impaled by a 7-ft-long steel bar that ran through his chest and head. Footage from the scene of the accident in Chongqing, southwestern China shows the man lying on a wooden plank. Firefighters had to cut through the bar to remove the extra length, after which he was taken to hospital.

MS Dhoni engages in discussion with umpires over Pathirana leading to 4-minute delay.
CSK captain MS Dhoni engaged in discussion with on-field umpires Anil Chaudhary and Chris Gaffaney after they stopped Matheesha Pathirana from bowling 16th over in Qualifier 1. Pathirana was out of field for some time and had some minutes left before he could bowl. The discussion led to four-minute delay. Pathirana was allowed to bowl as penance time had passed.

Deepak Chahar attempts to mankad Vijay Shankar, Dhoni's reaction goes viral.
CSK fast bowler Deepak Chahar attempted to mankad GT all-rounder Vijay Shankar in the 14th over of GT's innings in IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 on Tuesday. However, Shankar survived as his bat was within the crease. A video of the same has gone viral. In the video, Dhoni can be seen smiling in reaction to Chahar's attempt.

52 killed in Karnataka during pre-monsoon rains: CM Siddaramaiah.
Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah on Tuesday said that 52 people have died so far due to pre-monsoon rains in the state. "Already ₹5 lakh has been provided to the families of the 52 deceased persons," he added. The CM further said that 331 livestock have also been lost and a crop loss has been reported across 20,000 hectares.

GQG makes nearly ₹8,000-cr profit on Adani stake in under 100 days.
GQG Partners, which invested ₹15,446 crore in Adani Group firms in March, has made a profit of ₹7,683 crore on its investment in under 100 days. As of May 22, GQG investment in Adani Enterprises, Green Energy, Ports and SEZ and Transmission is valued at ₹23,129 crore. This is a 50% rise from its initial investment.

My chauffeur wouldn't sit with me: Sohum Shah on caste divide.
Actor-filmmaker Sohum Shah said he has been witness to caste politics "since birth". "Caste [divide] is a reality. My worldview evolved after I moved to Mumbai. I used to have a chauffeur, who wouldn't sit with me no matter how much I insisted it. It was his way of thinking," Sohum shared. Sohum was seen in 'Dahaad.'

Ban on 'The Kerala Story' is unconstitutional: Kangana Ranaut.
Actress Kangana Ranaut said that the ban imposed on 'The Kerala Story' was "unconstitutional" after it is cleared by the CBFC. "Banning a film which has been passed by...Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) amounts to insulting the constitution. The ban on The Kerala Story by some states is not correct," she said. The film was banned in West Bengal.

Harbhajan, K Srikkanth both pick MI and CSK as IPL 2023 finalists.
Former Indian cricketers Harbhajan Singh and Kris Srikkanth both picked Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings as the IPL 2023 finalists. "Mind and heart both say the same," said Harbhajan, after which Srikkanth added that MI have been "peaking at the right time". Apart from the two teams, Gujarat Titans and Lucknow Super Giants also are vying for the spots.

Hardik has stopped bowling, GT owners must be wondering: Manjrekar.
Reacting to GT captain Hardik Pandya not bowling in the IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 against CSK, cricketer-turned-commentator Sanjay Manjrekar said, "The GT owners must be wondering as they have invested in Hardik, the all-rounder." "Now he has become a captain-batter and suddenly stopped bowling...There is mystery around Hardik which must be difficult for the team management," added Manjrekar.

Vinesh Phogat playing role of 'Manthara': WFI chief Brij Bhushan.
Wrestling Federation of India chief Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh on Tuesday called Vinesh Phogat 'Manthara', a character in the Hindu epic Ramayana. "The role that Manthara-Kaikeyi played in the Treta yug, similarly Vinesh Phogat is playing the role of Manthara for me," he said. Singh has been accused of sexual harassment by seven wrestlers and Phogat is one of them.

Ferrari offer Lewis £40 mn deal for 2024 to replace Sainz: Report.
Mercedes F1's seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton is reportedly considering an offer to race for Ferrari from 2024. Ferrari are reportedly set to offer Hamilton a £40 million deal to race in red as teammate to Charles Leclerc, replacing Carlos Sainz. Hamilton has not won a race since 2021 and the report says his position is threatened by George Russell.

PM can't hear voices of our daughters: Aazad on wrestlers' protest.
Bhim Army chief Chandra Shekhar Aazad on Tuesday reached India Gate to extend support to the wrestlers protesting against WFI chief Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh. "We have gathered at India Gate, hoping that maybe the PM will listen to us from here. He can hear voices from around the world but can't hear those of our daughters," said Aazad.

Spain not a racist country: Atletico manager amid Vinicius Jr row.
Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone has insisted that Spain is not a racist country amid the racism row involving Real Madrid forward Vinicius Junior. "It is a social issue that must be taken care of, but it is not a racist country," said Simeone. Meanwhile, Atletico forward Alvaro Morata said incidents of racism "happen every Sunday in each stadium".

PL share POV video of Man City's title coronation & celebrations.
The Premier League has shared a video of bodycam footage of Manchester City keeper Scott Carson from the team's 2023 league title coronation and celebrations. City won the Premier League with still two more matches to play after trailing Arsenal for 248 days this season. Carson's footage shows his teammates Erling Haaland, John Stones and manager Pep Guardiola.

Apple releases full schedule for WWDC23 starting June 5.
Apple on Tuesday announced the full schedule for its annual Worldwide Developers Conference that will take place online from June 5-9. The keynote address will take place on the opening day at 10:30 pm IST, followed by Platforms State of the Union and Apple Design Awards. From June 6-9, 175 in-depth session videos for developers will be streamed.

Reflects TMC's mindset: BJP on Nusrat's 'bamboo sticks' comment.
After TMC MP Nusrat Jahan said BJP and Congress members will be beaten with bamboo sticks by people of West Bengal's Basirhat, West Bengal BJP chief Sukanta Majumdar said that this reflects TMC's mindset. "Nusrat's comment shows that a person from any field, be it an actor or actress, when they go to TMC, they become hooligans," Majumdar said.

Not inviting Prez to Parliament inauguration is 'laughable': Raut.
Shiv Sena (UBT) leader Sanjay Raut criticised the Centre for not inviting President Droupadi Murmu for the inauguration of the new Parliament building and said it was "concerning" as well as "laughable". "The President must inaugurate the new Parliament building. Prime Minister and the Speaker come later in protocol," Raut said. "But this is being done for elections," he added.

Imran's close aide Mazari quits PTI, active politics after arrest.
Shireen Mazari, a former minister and close aide of ex-Pakistan PM Imran Khan, resigned from the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf party and quit active politics following multiple arrests since May 12. She criticised Khan's supporters for attacking and setting fire to defence installations on May 9 after his arrest. Mazari, 72, served as the minister for human rights from 2018 to 2022.

New Parliament building should’ve been inaugurated on I-Day: TMC.
TMC has decided to boycott the inauguration programme of the new Parliament building on May 28, said party MP Sudip Bandyopadhyay. "The inauguration should have been done on either Independence Day or Republic Day or on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. It should not have been done on the birth anniversary of VD Savarkar," he added.

We didn't raise any money for 1st 6 yrs: Safe Security Co-founder.
AI-based cyber risk management firm Safe Security Co-founder and CEO Saket Modi in an interview said the firm did not raise any money for the first six years, adding, "We were bootstrapped." He said initially their whole focus was to build a services company. The firm recently raised $50 million in Series B funding.

Register 1,097 flats or face action: Noida Authority to builders.
The Noida Authority released a list of developers and projects where 1,097 registries are pending. The Authority has directed builders of these projects to execute registries or face action. The Authority said although approval has been given for the registry of these flats, the buyers are deprived of ownership rights as builders are not getting these registries executed.

Hope US debt ceiling deal will come before 11th hour: IMF chief.
International Monetary Fund Managing Director Kristalina Georgieva said she hopes the world will not have to wait until the 11th hour for a solution on the US debt ceiling. "We have seen historically that discussions on the debt ceiling in the United States have always been quite tense, but always resulted in solutions," she said.

Stop printing rubbish: Hansika Motwani on reports of her casting couch experience.
Hansika Motwani refuted reports which claimed that she had spoken up about her casting couch experience in the Telugu film industry. Hansika took to her Twitter handle and shared a screenshot of a report and wrote, "Have not given this quote ever! Stop printing rubbish!" Hansika was quoted as saying that she gave an actor a "fitting response".

It's bulls**t: Designer Rohit Verma on reports of Aditya Singh Rajput's drug overdose.
Following the death of actor Aditya Singh Rajput, fashion designer Rohit Verma has criticised the drug overdose reports surrounding his demise. "There are a lot of rumours...I think it's all bulls**t...Let us leave this in the doctor's hand," he said. "We have no right to pass this kind of statement for anyone," Rohit added.

Gill creates history, becomes youngest cricketer to score 700 runs in an IPL season.
GT opener Shubman Gill on Tuesday created history by becoming the youngest cricketer to score at least 700 runs in an IPL season. The 23-year-old crossed the 700-run mark in IPL 2023 during the Qualifier 1 against CSK. He also became the second Indian cricketer after Virat Kohli to score at least 700 runs in an IPL season.

Racism in Spanish stadiums existed even before I was born: Vini Jr on Carlos' 1997 video.
Real Madrid's Brazilian forward Vinicius Jr retweeted a video showing former Brazil footballer Roberto Carlos being racially abused during a match in Spain in 1997. Vinicius Jr, who was recently racially abused during an away match against Valencia, wrote, "1997...Racism in Spanish stadiums existed even before I was born. What has changed until today?"

60,000 IT contract workers in India lost jobs in a year: Recruitment body.
Nearly 60,000 outsourced contract workers lost jobs in India's IT sector in the year ending in March, according to Indian Staffing Federation which represents over 120 recruitment agencies across the country. Jobs for flexi workers hired through contractors by companies shrank 7.7% from a year earlier. However, hiring in the manufacturing, logistics, and retail sectors remained strong.

TMC, AAP & CPI to boycott inauguration ceremony of new Parliament building.
The AAP, TMC and CPI will boycott the inauguration ceremony of the new Parliament building on May 28. "AAP has taken this decision in view of the questions being raised regarding the matter of not inviting the President to the inauguration ceremony," the party said. "Sunday's inauguration...is all about I, me, myself. So count us out," TMC's Derek O'Brien said.

Electric 2-wheelers to get costlier from June 1 as subsidy slashed.
Electric two-wheelers are expected to become costlier from June 1 this year as the government has slashed the subsidy under the FAME 2 scheme. The government has dropped the subsidy on electric two-wheelers to ₹10,000/kWh from the existing ₹15,000/kWh. The maximum subsidy cap has been reduced from 40% to 15% of the ex-factory pricing of eligible vehicles.

20 2-wheelers gutted in massive fire outside Lucknow civil court.
As many as 20 two-wheelers were gutted as a massive fire broke out outside the parking lot of the civil court in Lucknow on Tuesday. As per reports, a short circuit in the wires overhead is said to have caused the incident. A team with five fire tenders immediately reached the site and doused the flames within 30 minutes.

Woman gives birth to 5 babies in Jharkhand, pic surfaces.
A woman in Ranchi has given birth to five babies at Jharkhand's Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences. The mother gave birth within seven months of conceiving. The babies are thus premature and weigh less than normal. They are all female and have currently been kept under surveillance in the NICU.

Irrfan was almost in tears: Nawazuddin on his scene in 'New York'.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui recalled that when he was done with his scene in 'New York', film's director Kabir Khan called Irrfan Khan on the set and asked him to watch his scene. "[Irrfan] came...saw and he was almost [in tears]," Nawazuddin expressed. In the film, Nawazuddin had played the character of Zilgai, who gets arrested by the authorities after 9/11 attacks.

Was called 'anpadh-gawar' for not knowing English: Archana Gautam.
Archana Gautam of 'Bigg Boss 16' fame spoke about how when she entered entertainment industry, she was labelled "anpadh-gawar" (uneducated) for not knowing how to speak English. "They'd [ask to] learn English before pursuing...career, implying that my lack of fluency would be...impediment...I was unfairly judged...overlooked for roles in favour of someone with better English skills," she said.

Taylor Swift's fans queue up for 5 hrs to buy concert merchandise.
Taylor Swift fans lined up outside the singer's concert venue to buy Eras Tour merchandise. A video shared by TikTok user shows a couple of fans arriving at the venue as early as 5 am to be able to buy the merchandise, which was supposed to go on sale from 10 am onwards. The concert started in March this year.

Had to take help of psychologist: Vijay Varma on 'Dahaad' role.
Vijay Varma, speaking about his role in 'Dahaad', said it was quite challenging for him since he was playing a serial killer for the first time. He added he even had to take the help of a psychologist to understand his character. Vijay further said he took the character as a challenge and got actively involved in performing it.

Lewis Capaldi reacts to his new album being rated 4/10 by critics.
Scottish singer-songwriter Lewis Capaldi reacted to his new album, 'Broken By Desire To Be Heavenly Sent', being rated four out of 10 by the critics. "My new album was reviewed in Pitchfork and I got a four and I was like 'woah, a four, that's incredible, four out of five'," Capaldi said, adding, "They do it out of f****** ten."

Met Sachin, thought 'I'll show my batting': MI's Tilak on training.
Talking about him training with MI for first time, batting all-rounder Tilak Varma said, "I met Rohit Sharma and Sachin Tendulkar...I thought it was the right opportunity to show...my batting." "Sachin sir [once] told me to have a clear mindset, whether I score...or not," Tilak had earlier shared. Tilak has scored 274 runs in IPL 2023 so far.

Messi's Barca return unlikely as father pushes for Saudi: Report.
Paris Saint-Germain forward Lionel Messi's return to Barcelona is reportedly in jeopardy as the Argentine's father is pushing a move to Saudi Arabia. Messi has a reported £320 million per year offer from Saudi Pro League club Al-Hilal on the table. Messi's current deal with PSG runs out at the end of the season and he is expected to leave.

Pep confiscated 60 champagne bottles after win over Real: Report.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola reportedly kept his team's celebrations in check following their victory over Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-final. Guardiola reportedly intercepted 60 bottles of champagne which were placed in the dressing room by hospitality staff. The report says Guardiola wants his team to focus on winning the Champions League and the FA Cup.

Apple's stock surges 35% this year, valuation nears $3 trillion.
Apple's stock has surged over 35% this year, adding over $690 billion in market value. This has brought Apple back near to a $3 trillion market valuation. The iPhone maker briefly crossed $3 trillion market value in early 2022. Currently, at $2.76 trillion, it is reportedly bigger than the entire Russell 2000 index.

Microsoft makes Bing default search engine for ChatGPT.
Microsoft on Tuesday announced Bing has become the default search engine for ChatGPT as part of the company's partnership with OpenAI. The AI chatbot can now provide "more up-to-date answers" and "include citations" within chats, Microsoft said. The feature is currently available for ChatGPT Plus subscribers and will be soon accessible to free users, the company added.

Mumbai's Mithi river to get 27 floodgates to tackle flooding.
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) plans to install 27 floodgates in the tidal influence zone of Mithi river to mitigate the issues caused by river bank overflow and flooding in low-lying areas. This will benefit people residing between domestic airport area and Mahim Causeway and areas like Sion, Chunabhatti and LBS Marg. Sewer pumping stations will be installed, officials said.

It was the weakest of them all: Officials on cheetah cub's death.
After a cheetah cub died at Madhya Pradesh's Kuno National Park, officials said it seemed to be the "weakest of them all". "He was the least active and didn't feed as well as the others. Such cubs do not survive for very long," said officials. The survival rate of cubs in African countries is very low, the forest department said.

Sameer Wankhede summoned by CBI on May 24 in Aryan Khan case.
The CBI has again summoned former Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) officer Sameer Wankhede for questioning on May 24. He has been booked for allegedly seeking ₹25 crore bribe for not framing actor Shah Rukh Khan's son Aryan Khan in the drugs-on-cruise case. He was Mumbai zonal chief of NCB when raids were conducted on the cruise ship in 2021.

Maha constable takes judge's car for joyride, crashes it into pole.
A constable has been dismissed for allegedly taking an official car of a HC judge for a joyride and crashing it into an electric pole, a senior official said in Nagpur on Tuesday. Nagpur Police Commissioner Amitesh Kumar directed recovery of the car's repairs cost from the constable. The front portion of the car was severely damaged, the official added.

Awe & gratification: Mahindra on India as 2nd top steel producer.
After India emerged as the second-largest steel producer after China, Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra took to Twitter and reflected on his early career in the '80s. "At that time, the Japanese were like Gods in the Steel world. Untouchable in terms of scale or quality. It's hard for me to express...gratification I feel to see this ranking," he tweeted.

UK to stop foreign students from bringing family to curb migration.
The UK has announced plans to restrict the right of some international students to bring their family members into the country in a bid to reduce annual net migration. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has made a commitment to lower legal migration. The government aims to prevent individuals from using student visas to seek employment in Britain, the Interior Ministry stated.

Last Chinese emperor's watch sells for $5 million in auction.
A Patek Philippe watch that once belonged to Aisin-Gioro Puyi, last emperor of China's Qing Dynasty, has been sold for HK$40 million ($5.1 million) in an auction. Puyi had given the watch to his Russian interpreter when he was imprisoned by Soviet Union, the auction house said. It's one of only eight known Patek Philippe Reference 96 Quantieme Lune timepieces.

Dish TV India proposes Manoj Dobhal as CEO after Anil Dua quits.
Dish TV India's board of directors proposed the appointment of Manoj Dobhal, the current Chief Operating Officer, as the Chief Executive Officer following the resignation of current CEO Anil Dua on May 23. The board has advised seeking approval from the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting for Dobhal's appointment. Dua will continue to serve as CEO for another three months.

Odisha bans use of ganja at Shiva temples across state.
The Odisha government has banned the use of ganja in religious places, especially all Shiva temples across the state. "Excessive use of ganja in the name of Lord Shiva is polluting the religious spirit," the order states. Meanwhile, Congress leader Suresh Routray, condemning the move, said, "A complete ban isn't right as ganja is used in 'bhog' of Lord Shiva."

It's 2 minutes of fame, people praising me now will abuse me if I fail: Rinku Singh.
Talking about the support he received from fans following his performances in IPL 2023, KKR batter Rinku Singh said, "It's two minutes of fame, people who're praising me now will abuse me if I fail." He added, "I know where I have come from, this fame is temporary." Rinku scored 474 runs at a strike-rate of 149.53 in IPL 2023.

West Indies cricketer Devon Thomas charged with fixing.
West Indies cricketer Devon Thomas has been charged by the ICC with seven counts under the Anti-Corruption codes. The charges involve "contriving or being party to an agreement to fix or attempt to fix, contrive or influence improperly the result, progress, conduct or other aspects of matches in Lanka Premier League 2021". He has been provisionally suspended with immediate effect.

BCCI to plant 500 trees for each dot ball in playoffs, broadcasters display special graphic.
The BCCI will plant 500 trees for each dot ball bowled in IPL 2023 playoffs. The official broadcasters of the tournament are displaying a special graphic for the same, with the dot balls being depicted with a 'tree' instead of a 'dot'. The IPL playoffs began today with the Qualifier 1 being played between CSK and GT.

Case of unnatural death filed as man drowns in storm drain in B'luru.
After a 31-year-old man drowned in a stormwater drain in Bengaluru after he got into it to check the depth of water on Monday, a case of unnatural death has been filed by police. The body was found in another drain about 12 km away. An Infosys employee died after her car was submerged in a flooded underpass on Sunday.

Body of IIT Kharagpur student exhumed after 7 months for 2nd autopsy.
Seven months after 23-year-old Faizan Ahmed, a third-year IIT Kharagpur student, was found dead in his hostel room, his body was on Tuesday exhumed from a cemetery in Assam for a second autopsy. The Calcutta HC had earlier ordered the exhumation, stating it was necessary to ascertain the "truth behind the death". The body will be flown to Kolkata tomorrow.

Spicejet hikes captains' salaries to ₹7.5 lakh/month for 75 hours of flying.
Spicejet on Tuesday announced revised remuneration for its captains under which they will receive a monthly salary of ₹7.5 lakh. The increase in pay is based on 75 hours of flying per month. Spicejet also introduced a tenure-linked monthly loyalty reward system for captains, allowing them to earn up to an additional ₹1 lakh/month over and above their regular salary.

Was not taken by flight as I played a side role: Shivangi Joshi.
Actress Shivangi Joshi in an interview recalled how the lead actors of a project were taken to a location by a flight while she had to travel by train. "Mine wasn't an important character so I travelled by train," she added. Shivangi also revealed that her first paycheck was ₹4000 which she got for playing a character for two days.

Part & parcel of the line: Harman on link-up rumours with Priyanka.
Actor Harman Baweja addressed his link-up rumours with Priyanka Chopra and said that such things are "a part and parcel" of the entertainment industry. "The scoops were fun when they were sweet but it was bitter when they weren't," Baweja told ETimes. Harman and Priyanka were rumoured to be dating for a brief period around 2008.

Massive: Ali on 'Kandahar' being released on 2000 screens in US.
Actor Ali Fazal's upcoming Hollywood film 'Kandahar' will release on over 2000 screens in the USA. Speaking of the development, Ali said, "I am very excited...A release that wide in US alone is massive and being an action spy thriller, there's a wide audience for the film." The action thriller film will also feature Gerard Butler.

85-yr-old alligator captured in residential area in US; video out.
An 11-foot-long alligator weighing 544 kg was captured in a residential neighbourhood in Houston, US, on Sunday. According to the local State of Texas alligator patrol, it took around three hours to wrangle the 85-year-old reptile onto a wrecker truck. A video of its rescue was shared by The Independent. A man had spotted the alligator on his way home.

Gill was in the gym at 8 am the day after RCB century: Gurkeerat.
Punjab cricketer Gurkeerat Singh Mann revealed that Gujarat Titans batter Shubman Gill was "off to the gym at 8 am", the day after scoring a century against RCB. "You can see the work ethic...He knows the work is only half done," said Mann. He added that Gill "watches his batting videos after every match” and "analyses the dismissal".

Steyn praised Ishant, couldn't he have taught Umran instead: Kaif.
Talking about SRH bowling coach Dale Steyn, ex-India cricketer Mohammad Kaif said, "Steyn praised Ishant Sharma's knuckle ball [to dismiss Vijay Shankar] on Twitter...Couldn't he have taught that delivery to Umran Malik instead?" "What did he teach Umran? Steyn didn't do his job properly," added Kaif. "Steyn has...quality player like Umran but he's unable to develop him well," stated Kaif.

TN accepted Dhoni as a local, he's steeped in their culture: Raina.
Former CSK batter Suresh Raina said Tamil Nadu has accepted MS Dhoni "as their own local player" as "he is steeped in the culture". "He's been amazing with the local players...He never gave up...he always wanted to deliver in crunch situations," said Raina. He added that Dhoni's 'never give up' attitude makes him the "biggest captain of all time".

Things were not going our way, then a lot of things changed: Rohit.
Talking about MI reaching the IPL 2023 playoffs, the team's captain Rohit Sharma said, "We have had...times where things weren't going our way...A lot of things changed in the tournament's second half." "That was only because everyone bought into the thought process that the team had...That was the most critical part of the 14 games that we've played," he added.

David Beckham to be a part of all-star game to aid Ukraine: Report.
Former Manchester United footballers David Beckham, Rio Ferdinand will reportedly feature in an all-star charity match hosted by Chelsea, with the objective of raising funds for war-torn Ukraine. Ex-Chelsea striker Andriy Shevchenko, Arsenal defender Oleksandr Zinchenko are also expected to feature. "It's going to be the biggest charity event of the year," said a source as quoted in the report.

Blackstone in talks with Microsoft, Amazon for Indian data centres.
Blackstone is in talks with companies including Microsoft and Amazon to build Indian data centres to meet growing storage and processing demand, the Global CEO of its Lumina CloudInfra, Anil Reddy said. COVID-19 created a shift in data consumption habits which has caused a "data explosion". This is now the next major investment for private equity giant Blackstone in India.

How is AAP asking for Congress' support: Maken on ordinance issue.
After AAP sought Congress' support against Centre's ordinance on services matters, Congress leader Ajay Maken questioned how the AAP is seeking support from them. "He (Arvind Kejriwal) with [the] support of BJP, passed a motion to take back Rajiv Gandhi's Bharat Ratna," Maken said. "He supported the BJP in...Article 370 issue," he said, adding Kejriwal doesn't think about the nation.

Himachal sets target to become 'Green Energy State' by March 2026.
Himachal Pradesh government has set a target to transform the state into a 'Green Energy State' by March 2026. During a review meeting in Dharamshala, CM Sukhvinder Singh Sukhu discussed plans to encourage the use of electric vehicles. He also stressed the importance of identifying suitable locations for charging stations along the proposed three Green Corridors Highways in the state.

IIT-M startup ePlane gets Design Organisation Approval from DGCA.
IIT Madras-incubated startup The ePlane Company on Tuesday announced it has become the first Indian electric aircraft company to receive Design Organisation Approval (DOA) from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA). "DOA is an important first milestone in our aircraft certification process," ePlane said. The startup aims to start flying electric taxis by 2025.

Pulled hair, pinned her down: Indian woman attacked in Scotland.
Three local minors allegedly attacked two Indian women studying in Scotland. One of the women said that her friend's hair was pulled by a man and she was also pinned down before being attacked. "We were assaulted and the people who did that screamed 'Go back to your country'!" she said, adding that the accused also threw a wine bottle.

Video shows UP police bringing ailing prisoner to hospital on mat.
A video that has surfaced online shows the Uttar Pradesh police personnel using a mat to shift a woman prisoner to a hospital in Deoria. According to reports, a stretcher was unavailable when the police reached Maharshi Devraha Baba hospital. Dr HK Mishra, the Chief Medical Officer, said that a team will be formed to probe the incident.

No more moral policing, 'saffronisation' in Karnataka: Deputy CM.
Karnataka Deputy CM DK Shivakumar said that there will be "no more moral policing and saffronisation" in the state. "No harassing people, cordial atmosphere should be there...We will give a corruption-free government," he said. In a meeting with police officials, Shivakumar and CM Siddaramaiah directed them to take strict action against hooligans who disturb harmony in society.

US could run out of cash in less than 3 weeks: Goldman Sachs.
Goldman Sachs has estimated that US could run out of cash to pay bills in less than three weeks if debt ceiling is not raised. According to the investment bank, cash in the Treasury Department would drop below $30 billion by June 8-9. Goldman Sachs economist Alec Phillips said Congress shouldn't wait until the "last minute" to take the decision.

India's GDP crosses $3.5 trillion in 2022: Moody's.
India's GDP has crossed $3.5 trillion in 2022 and will be the fastest-growing G-20 economy over the next few years, Moody's said. It added the bureaucracy could slow the processes of obtaining licences and setting up businesses. "India's higher bureaucracy in decision-making will reduce its attractiveness as a destination for foreign direct investment," Moody's Investors Service said.

Go First suspended board files caveats before SC against 4 lessors.
Bankrupt Go First's suspended board has filed caveats against four aircraft lessors of the airline before the Supreme Court. The lessors against who the caveats have been filed are SMBC Aviation Capital, GY Aviation, SFV Aircraft Holdings and Engine Leasing Finance BV, owning around 22 aircraft. The caveats have been filed by the Chairman of the suspended board Varun Berry.

Credit Suisse sale to UBS was surprising: Standard Chartered CEO.
Standard Chartered CEO Bill Winters said the sale of Credit Suisse to UBS was "surprising". "The conclusion...in terms of the way that the bank was resolved through this very unusual sale to UBS, with associated unusual payments to shareholders versus bondholders," Winters said. Winters also said the banking crisis was over but that a transformation of banks was still needed.

34,000 kg explosives & firecrackers seized in Bengal, 100 arrested.
Police have seized nearly 34,000 kg of explosives and banned firecrackers during raids in different locations in West Bengal, a senior officer said on Tuesday. At least 100 people have been arrested for allegedly storing the banned explosives and running factories to manufacture the same. A total of 132 cases have been lodged by the police in this connection.

GT to bowl first against CSK in IPL 2023 Qualifier 1, playing XIs announced.
GT captain Hardik Pandya won the toss and elected to bowl first against CSK in IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 at Chepauk Stadium in Chennai. GT have never lost to CSK in IPL. The winner of today's Qualifier 1 will reach the final that will be played at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad on May 28.

Who is Mayur Hazarika, the male topper of UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022?.
Mayur Hazarika from Assam has secured AIR 5 and has topped among male candidates in UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022. As per local reports, Mayur is a doctor by profession. He completed his MBBS from Gauhati Medical College and Hospital. He is currently engaged with the National Health Mission in Assam. Mayur has said his first preference is the IFS.

6 VAR officials sacked amid racism row involving Vinicius Jr.
The six VAR referees, who were part of Real Madrid's match against Valencia where Vinicius Jr was racially abused, have been sacked. The forward was shown a red card for reportedly 'slapping' an opposition player while being engaged in a verbal battle. The sacking took place as VAR reportedly only reviewed Vinicius' action and not the rest of the event.

France bans flights for journey possible in below 2.5 hrs by train.
In a first, France has decided to ban short domestic flights for journeys possible in less than two-and-a-half hours by train. Accordingly, flights won't operate between Paris and regional hubs like Nantes, Lyon and Bordeaux. The government specified that the train services on these routes would be frequent and well-connected. The move aims to reduce carbon emissions from aircraft.

Sameer Pandey becomes 1st Indian-origin Lord Mayor in Australia.
Councillor Sameer Pandey created history by becoming the first-ever Indian-origin Lord Mayor in Australia. Pandey has been elected as the Lord Mayor of the City of Parramatta Council in Australia's Sydney. He was first elected to the council in 2017 and became Parramatta's first Deputy Lord Mayor from the Indian subcontinent in 2022. Pandey owns a small business.

Sukesh gave statement in custody, but Sisodia pulled by neck: AAP.
After a video surfaced online, showing jailed AAP leader Manish Sisodia being pulled by his neck by a policeman while trying to give a statement in a court, AAP shared a video of jailed conman Sukesh Chandrashekhar. AAP alleged Sukesh was allowed to give a statement while in custody but Sisodia was manhandled when he tried to do the same.

Chance to beat BJP before 2024: Mamata on Centre's Delhi ordinance.
After meeting Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee said TMC will oppose Centre's ordinance on Delhi in Rajya Sabha. "I appeal to all parties to come together to oppose it. It will send a message across the country that we can defeat BJP in Rajya Sabha…It's a big chance to defeat BJP before 2024 [elections]," she said.

TMC to support AAP in fight against Centre's Delhi ordinance: Mamata.
The Trinamool Congress will support AAP in its fight against the Centre's ordinance on services matters in Delhi, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee said after meeting her Delhi counterpart Arvind Kejriwal. Banerjee also urged all parties to not vote for the ordinance. Kejriwal, Punjab CM Bhagwant Mann and other AAP leaders had an hour-long meeting with Banerjee in Kolkata.

Orders to insult Sisodia came from PMO: AAP on 'manhandling' video.
AAP leader Saurabh Bharadwaj has claimed that the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has ordered the Delhi Police to insult former Delhi Minister Manish Sisodia and crush his morale and self-confidence. The statement comes after a video showed a policeman pulling Sisodia by his neck on court premises. Bharadwaj said that Delhi Police is lying about protocol being followed.

It was a joke: Zomato on '72% of COD orders being paid in ₹2,000 notes' tweet.
Zomato, which on Monday tweeted, "Since Friday, 72% of our cash on delivery orders were paid in ₹2,000 notes," has said the tweet was a "joke". The tweet was "a joke/in jest and not factual," a Zomato spokesperson told The Quint. The tweet, viewed by more than 10 lakh Twitter users, had gone viral and received over 20,000 likes.

Indians using ₹2,000 notes for buying mangoes, watches, donations at temples.
Indians are stepping up purchases of daily essentials like mangoes, and even premium goods, using the ₹2,000 notes to avoid the need to exchange them or deposit them at banks, Reuters reported. A Rado store in Mumbai saw a 60%-70% increase in ₹2,000 notes since the withdrawal was announced. A Himachal Pradesh temple received an ₹8-lakh donation in ₹2,000 notes.

5 boys rape Class 7 girl from same school in different locations in Chandigarh.
A Class 7 student of a government school in Chandigarh was allegedly raped by five boys from her school. While one of the accused is her classmate, four others are students of Class 9. "After committing the crime, one of the students told his friends, who in turn raped the girl at different locations...including a park," a police officer said.

Censor experience of Bheed and Afwaah hasn't been great: Anubhav.
Anubhav Sinha said the censor board hasn't been kind to him lately. "The censor experience of Bheed and Afwaah hasn't been great. It was almost unfair," he added. Anubhav further said 'Afwaah' was delayed because of the censor process. "Afwaah and Bheed were almost together at...CBFC. We'd to finish one battle first and then proceed to the other," he added.

He showed me 'Naatu Naatu' song: Singer Guy Sebastian on PM Modi.
Australian singer Guy Theodore Sebastian said he discussed music with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. He added that during their conversation, Modi showed him the video of 'RRR' song 'Naatu Naatu'. "It is something that I'm going to go and learn," he said about the song, which won Best Original Song at the 95th Academy Awards.

Told husband 'Won't go, they'll hate me': Sunny Leone on Bigg Boss.
Sunny Leone said that when reality show 'Bigg Boss' was offered to her, she told then-boyfriend and now-husband Daniel Weber, "I'm not going to India. They'll hate me." She shared that she had received a lot of hate from her community for working in the adult entertainment industry. "Right before getting on the show...there were death threats," Sunny told Deadline.

I don't respond to Krunal Pandya's messages, jokes LSG's Pooran.
Responding to LSG stand-in captain Krunal Pandya stating that he had sent LSG wicketkeeper-batter Nicholas Pooran a voice note after the latter was picked by LSG, Pooran responded, "What was it?" "I don't respond to Krunal's messages," Pooran jokingly added. Krunal had earlier jokingly stated that nobody remembers the fact that Pooran had represented SRH for one year.

Apple inks multibillion-dollar deal with Broadcom for US chips.
Apple has signed a new multiyear, multibillion-dollar deal with chipmaker Broadcom to use chips made in the US. Under the deal, Broadcom will develop 5G radio frequency components that will be designed and built in several US facilities. "We're thrilled to make commitments that harness the ingenuity, creativity, and innovative spirit of American manufacturing," Apple CEO Tim Cook said.

There will not be a winter for AI, quite the opposite: Elon Musk.
Elon Musk on Twitter said, "There will not be a winter for AI, quite the opposite." His remark came in response to a tweet by Quora CEO Adam D'Angelo, who said, "We'll see continual progress from here to AGI (artificial general intelligence), without any period that feels like...'winter'." "There are...too many obvious things left to be done," D'Angelo added.

Ahead of DIA Bill, govt considers not coming between firms, users.
The government may not intervene between intermediary platforms and users, instead, create an adjudicatory mechanism to resolve issues faster, Minister of State for Electronics and Information Technology Rajeev Chandrasekhar said, ahead of the draft bill for the Digital India Act (DIA) being finalised. He clarified that the idea behind this policy is not to target specific firms or platforms.

Saturn may not have its rings in future: NASA studies.
Three recent studies by NASA's Ames Research Center scientists have found that Saturn's rings are "young and ephemeral". "In the time of the dinosaurs, the planet may not yet have acquired its iconic accessories and future Earth dwellers may again know a world without them," NASA said. "The rings' age has been hard to pin down," it added.

Excise team fires in air as villagers attack it amid raid in Bihar.
A team of excise department officials that went to raid an illegal liquor trade in Bihar's Begusarai fired in the air after locals allegedly attacked them with bricks and stones. An official said they fired in self-defence. The team arrested two persons in connection to a liquor mafia case in the Bhagwanpur area.

BMC to ban bikes, heavy vehicles on Parel TT bridge from June 1.
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to close the Parel TT bridge for two-wheelers and heavy vehicles from June 1. The bridge also connects with Hindmata Flyover, which means access to the flyover will also be restricted. "The BMC has decided to undertake strengthening of...bridge from October. Bridge expansion joints are not safe for traffic," an official said.

14-yr-old Maha boy dies as witch doctor beats him to 'expel' demon.
A 14-year-old boy died in Maharashtra after being allegedly beaten up by a witch doctor, who claimed that the child was possessed by a demon. The victim had been suffering from a fever and was taken to a witch doctor when his condition did not improve. The accused beat the victim, saying it would relieve him.

Shell CEO shielded by security amid protests by climate activists.
Security staff at oil firm Shell's annual shareholder meeting formed a human chain on Tuesday to protect CEO Wael Sawan and other executives from climate activists. The meeting was delayed by an hour after activists tried to climb on the stage before being held by security. Protesters also sang, "Go to hell, Shell, and don't you come back no more."

Interest rates may rise despite falling inflation: BoE's Bailey.
Bank of England (BoE) believes that inflation has "turned the corner" and is on a decline, however, Governor Andrew Bailey said further monetary tightening would be needed if inflation persists, meaning interest rates can still go up. When questioned by the Treasury Select Committee, Bailey acknowledged that inflation had already been on the rise before Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

Actress Dimple Hayathi hits IPS officer's car with her BMW in Hyderabad, booked.
A case was registered against actress Dimple Hayathi for allegedly damaging the vehicle of an IPS officer in Hyderabad. It has been alleged that Hayathi and her friend deliberately rammed their BMW into the official vehicle of Deputy Commissioner of Police (Traffic) Rahul Hegde on Monday night. However, Dimple, in a cryptic tweet, alleged "misuse of power".

'The Kerala Story' crosses ₹200-crore mark in India.
'The Kerala Story' has crossed the ₹200-crore mark at the domestic box office. As per film trade analyst Taran Adarsh, the film, which was released on May 5, has earned ₹203.47 crore so far. The Sudipto Sen directorial stars Adah Sharma, Yogita Bihani and Sonia Balani among others in pivotal roles.

Value of crocodile necklace worn by Urvashi jumped from ₹200 cr to ₹276 cr, says her team.
Urvashi Rautela recently got trolled for wearing a 'fake' crocodile-shaped necklace on the Cannes red carpet. While she earlier responded to the trolls, now her PR team has claimed that the value of her necklace has gone up from ₹200 crore to ₹276 crore. In a statement, the actress' team also said it represents Urvashi's "tenacity".

MS Dhoni cried at team dinner when CSK returned to IPL after 2-year ban: Harbhajan.
Ex-CSK off-spinner Harbhajan Singh revealed MS Dhoni cried at team dinner when CSK returned to IPL in 2018 after a two-year ban. Harbhajan said, "I've heard the saying 'Men don't cry', but Dhoni cried...that night. He became emotional." Meanwhile, Imran Tahir said, "Looking at him like that, I came to know how close this team is to his heart."

4 men detained for hanging Vinicius Jr's effigy from bridge in January.
Spanish police detained four men today in connection with an incident in which an effigy representing Brazilian footballer Vinicius Jr was hung from a bridge in front of Real Madrid's training ground in January. The arrests come a day after Royal Spanish Football Federation chief Luis Rubiales said Spanish soccer has racism problem, following race-crime complaint lodged by Real Madrid.

Shutterstock to buy GIPHY from Meta for $53 million in cash.
Shutterstock on Tuesday said it entered into a definitive agreement to acquire GIPHY from Meta Platforms for $53 million in cash. GIPHY is the world's largest collection of GIFs and stickers. Meta acquired GIPHY for $400 million three years ago. Shutterstock said it expects the deal to close next month.

Kejriwal meets Mamata in Kolkata over Centre's Delhi ordinance.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday met West Bengal CM and TMC chief Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata to seek support on a bill related to the Centre's ordinance on services matters. Punjab CM and AAP leader Bhagwant Mann, Raghav Chadha, Atishi and Sanjay Singh accompanied Kejriwal.

Siddaramaiah won't allow Shivakumar to be CM: BJP on power-sharing.
Amid a row over power-sharing in Karnataka, BJP on Tuesday said that CM Siddaramaiah won't allow Deputy CM DK Shivakumar to be the CM. Karnataka minister MB Patil has sent a direct warning to Shivakumar through his statement, BJP said. Patil had earlier said that Siddaramaiah will continue as CM for the full term.

Anonymous devotee donates ₹8 lakh in ₹2,000 notes to Himachal temple.
After the RBI announced the withdrawal of ₹2,000 banknotes from circulation, authorities at Jawalaji temple in Himachal Pradesh found 400 notes of the denomination, amounting to ₹8 lakh, in its donation box. "This is for the first time a devotee has offered such a large number of notes of the highest denomination," a priest said. The donation was made anonymously.

It's dream come true, says civil services exam topper Ishita.
UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022 topper Ishita Kishore on Tuesday said it is a dream come true for her. "I have a lot of gratitude for my family who stood with me when I could not clear the civil services examination in the first two attempts," Kishore added. She said it's heartening to see women getting the top four ranks.

China's loss not India's: Minister on China skipping G20 meet.
Union Minister Jitendra Singh on Tuesday said that China skipping the G20 meeting in Srinagar makes no difference and it's China's loss, not India's. "We are not a small, homogeneous nation like some countries in Europe. We are a diverse country," Singh added. He had earlier said that Kashmir has changed and the people of Kashmir want to move on.

Journalist Sarah Jacob quits NDTV after 22 years.
Journalist Sarah Jacob has resigned from NDTV, where she has been working for 22 years. "It's been a fantastic ride from 2001 to 2023 at NDTV in various capacities...From being a reporter to having my own show has been rewarding," Sarah said. Many prominent journalists, including Ravish Kumar and Nidhi Razdan, quit NDTV in months following its takeover by Adani.

No definite timeline for resuming our operations: Go First.
Go First in a reply to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) said that there is no definite timeline as of now for the resumption of its operations. Earlier, it was reported that the airline is likely to resume office operations by the end of May. According to Go First's Twitter handle, its operations remain suspended till May 26.

Why would anyone leave no.1 show: Anupamaa's Nidhi on Paras' claim.
'Anupamaa' actress Nidhi Shah reacted after her former co-star Paras Kalnawat said that 80% of the cast would want to exit the show if given an opportunity. "Why would anyone leave a show which is number one for the past three years?" she said. "I don't understand why Paras is saying all these things when it's not required," said Nidhi.

I cried for 3 hrs straight: Aaliyah on fiancé Shane's proposal.
Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap's daughter Aaliyah Kashyap opened up about the moment when her boyfriend-now-fiancé Shane Gregoire proposed to her. She revealed that she "cried for three hours" after being proposed. In her YouTube vlog, Aaliyah gave a glimpse of her "dream-like, surreal" proposal but muted their words. "He literally got my dream ring," Aaliyah said on her engagement ring.

GT will be favourites vs CSK at Chepauk: Manjrekar on Qualifier 1.
Cricketer-turned-commentator Sanjay Manjrekar said GT will be favourites for IPL 2023's Qualifier 1, where they will face CSK at the latter's home ground Chepauk Stadium, considering GT's batting depth. "GT have...too many match winning players...That's what sets them apart in IPL 2023," Manjrekar had earlier tweeted. GT have defeated CSK in all three IPL matches played between them so far.

Aus opting out of warm-up games fraught with danger: Allan Border.
Former Australian captain Allan Border questioned the squad's decision to opt out of playing warm-up matches ahead of the World Test Championship final. "Don't care how hard you work in the nets, nothing replaces game time...it just doesn't feel right...I just think that's fraught with danger," said Border. Australia face India in the WTC final on June 7 in London.

Alibaba's cloud unit to fire 7% of staff ahead of IPO: Reports.
China-based Alibaba Group's cloud division has started a round of layoffs that could affect about 7% of its workforce, Bloomberg and Reuters reported. Alibaba Cloud is reportedly offering affected employees severance or transfers to other units. Last week, Alibaba announced plans to spin off its cloud unit and put it up for a public listing in the next 12 months.

Apple, 4 others market cap make up 25% of S&P 500's value: Report.
Apple, Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon and Nvidia have a combined market capitalisation worth nearly $9 trillion and makeup almost 25% of the S&P 500's total market capitalisation, TheBoomBust.com reported earlier. The index's entire market value is about $35 trillion. As per Bloomberg, this year's tech rally pushed the value of Apple, Microsoft, Alphabet and Amazon at least 30%.

PM Modi doesn't follow democracy: AAP's Sisodia on ordinance issue.
AAP leader Manish Sisodia on Tuesday criticised PM Narendra Modi over Centre's ordinance on appointments and postings of bureaucrats in the national capital. "Modi ji has become so arrogant he...[doesn't]...[follow] democracy...looking at Kejriwal ji's work...he has become arrogant," Sisodia said. His comment came while he was being produced before the court in an alleged money laundering case.

If Indira, Rajiv can, why not our PM: Puri on Parliament issue.
Union Minister Hardeep Singh Puri cited former PMs Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi to counter Congress amid controversy over new Parliament building inauguration. "In August 1975, then PM Indira Gandhi inaugurated Parliament Annexe, and in 1987, then PM Rajiv Gandhi inaugurated Parliament Library. If your (Congress') head of government can inaugurate them, why can't ours do it?" asked Puri.

Groom in Gwalior fined ₹1,000 after guests litter on the road.
A groom in Madhya Pradesh's Gwalior had to pay a fine of ₹1,000 at his wedding after the guests littered on the road on Monday. According to Gwalior Municipal Corporation commissioner, the wedding ceremony was organised near the Ganesh temple in Ward 46 of Kampoo area. GMC is taking various actions under the cleanliness mission to keep the city clean.

Never leave your kids, pets inside car: Delhi Police amid heatwave.
Amid heatwave conditions in Delhi, police advised people not to leave their children or pets inside the car during summers. "Please don't leave your kids or pets inside the car when you go out," tweeted Delhi Police. "It just takes 15 minutes for the temperature to reach 60°C inside the car, if the outside temperature is 40°C," it added.

MP senior citizens dance as they take their 1st flight to Shirdi.
Thirty two senior citizens at Indore's Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport danced in joy as they took their first flight ever, a video of which has surfaced online. The senior citizens left for Maharashtra's Shirdi by air on a free pilgrimage under a scheme of the state government, an official said. All the pilgrims are aged between 65 to 76 years.

Man detained for pushing protester to ground in London; video out.
A workman was detained by the police after he pushed a Just Stop Oil protester to the ground on Blackfriars Bridge in London. A video of the incident that surfaced online showed the man dressed in bright orange work gear, apparently attempting to remove demonstrators from the carriageway. Police were seen handcuffing him as he tried to push another protester.

Prince Harry, Meghan's friend accuses UK media of harassment.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's biographer Omid Scobie accused the British media of harassing him and his family by publishing "fake gossip" about him after a publication recently wrote about his career. Omid, a journalist, said he is "not ashamed" of his job and added that "it was a blast covering red carpets every day and doing celebrity interviews".

Very limited rationale for ₹2,000 notes to exist: NITI Aayog ex-VC.
Former NITI Aayog Vice Chairman Arvind Panagariya said ₹2,000 notes were "simply the quickest way to put the money back into the economy" after "having purged the ₹500 and ₹1,000 notes". "Beyond that, there is very limited rationale for a ₹2,000 note to exist," Panagariya added. He further stated that the withdrawal of ₹2,000 notes was "not an unexpected move".

Group of boys once touched & teased me in Delhi Metro, nobody helped me: Sanya Malhotra.
Opening up about an incident of harassment she faced in Delhi when she was in college, actress Sanya Malhotra said that she was teased and touched by a group of boys in metro until she deboarded it. She added that nobody came to help her. "I felt helpless but I knew if I'll say anything, anything can happen," Sanya said.

What is CSK's record against GT in IPL?.
CSK will face GT in IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 at Chepauk Stadium in Chennai tonight. CSK and GT have played three matches against each other in IPL, with GT emerging victorious in each of them. In their previous three matches, CSK put up totals of 169/5, 133/5, 178/7, with GT chasing them down in 19.5, 19.1 and 19.2 overs, respectively.

Uttarakhand man seen chewing off snake's head in viral video, arrested.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested after a video purportedly showing him killing a snake by chewing off its head in Uttarakhand's Nainital surfaced online. "It is not clear why he did it," Tarai East Divisional Forest Officer Sandeep Kumar said. According to a forest range officer, local residents claimed he allegedly poured a cold drink on the headless snake.

Cub of cheetah Jwala brought from Namibia dies at Kuno park.
A cub of female cheetah Jwala, brought to Madhya Pradesh's Kuno National Park from Namibia, died on Tuesday. This comes after three cheetahs brought to the national park died recently. Twenty cheetahs have been brought to the national park from southern Africa since last year under 'Project Cheetah'.

He didn't hesitate to perform stunt at 56: RRR team on Stevenson.
The official Instagram handle of 'RRR' on Tuesday paid tribute to Ray Stevenson, who passed away aged 58 on Sunday. Sharing a picture where Stevenson was seen performing a stunt, the team wrote, "He was 56 years old when we were shooting this difficult scene but he didn't hesitate...performing this stunt." "We'll forever cherish having you on...sets," the post read.

Akshay Kumar seeks blessings at Kedarnath Temple, video surfaces.
Akshay Kumar travelled to Uttarakhand to offer prayers and seek blessings at the Kedarnath Temple. Several videos of the actor have surfaced online where he was seen chanting 'Har Har Mahadev' with the rest of the people outside the temple. On the work front, Akshay will next be seen in the Hindi remake of 'Soorarai Pottru'.

Taylor Swift performs for 3.5 hour in rain, video surfaces.
A video of Taylor Swift has surfaced in which the singer can be seen performing in the rain. On Monday, Swift shared on her Instagram account that she performed for three and a half hours in the rain. "We've had rain shows...before but this was a full on deluge that never let up," she wrote in the post's caption.

Video shows deer escaping attack by tiger after being chased in WB.
A video of a deer escaping an attack from a Royal Bengal Tiger after being chased into the water has surfaced online. The incident took place in The Sundarbans in West Bengal. There was a deer herd which dispersed after the tiger attacked it. All of them went in different directions while one of them was chased by the tiger.

Dhoni was an elder brother to youngsters, would guide us: Murali.
Former India batter Murali Vijay said CSK captain MS Dhoni was like an "elder brother" to youngsters and would guide them along in the team. "Dhoni's support was very much required for all the youngsters...it was a great relationship to have," said Vijay. He added that Dhoni made a "natural connection" with Chennai which was "unorthodox but extremely effective".

CSK's form at home hasn't been foolproof: Harbhajan on CSK vs GT.
Former India cricketer Harbhajan Singh said IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 between GT and CSK will be an "intense" contest. "CSK playing at home is a big advantage...but somewhere their performance at home has not been foolproof this year," Singh stated. Singh added that CSK have done well because their openers have "scored runs in abundance".

MS Dhoni is the king when it comes to finishing a game: Conway.
CSK batter Devon Conway said MS Dhoni is the "king" when it comes to finishing a game. Dhoni has scored 103 runs in IPL 2023 so far. Conway stated their team has a lot of depth in batting line-up. Praising Ajinkya Rahane who has scored 282 runs in IPL 2023 so far, Conway said Rahane has been "outstanding" this season.

Full house vs RCB was good as we prepare for CSK in Chennai: Gary.
Referring to the fan support for CSK captain MS Dhoni, GT mentor Gary Kirsten said he was pleased to see a full house at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in their match against RCB. "It was good for us as we prepare for Qualifier against CSK," added Gary. "It was a tough game [against RCB]...we came through it," he further said.

Light candles at home: Punia as wrestlers' protest marks 1 month.
Wrestlers protesting against the alleged sexual harassment by WFI chief Brij Bhushan Singh will carry out a candlelight march from Jantar Mantar to India Gate today. Wrestler Bajrang Punia shared a clip and asked those who can't participate in the candlelight march to light four candles in their homes at 5 pm and share videos on social media.

TT player Manush Shah shows sportsmanship, makes deliberate error.
Indian paddlers Manush Shah, Harmeet Desai showed sportsmanship during a men's doubles match against Japan in the ongoing edition of World Table Tennis Championships. The umpire failed to notice a wrong serve by Manush and didn't grant a point to Japan despite their protest. Manush decided to deliberately serve into the net following a discussion with Harmeet to make amends.

Discussed AI, futuristic tech with scientist Toby Walsh: PM Modi.
After meeting AI scientist Toby Walsh in Australia, PM Narendra Modi said he had a fascinating discussion on different frontiers of artificial intelligence (AI) and futuristic technology with the former. He also tweeted a picture from the meeting. Reacting to the post, Walsh said, "PM [Modi] is enthusiastically engaged with ensuring India profits from the technological revolution…AI is bringing."

Montana's ban on the app 'unconstitutional': TikTok CEO.
TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew has called the ban on the video-sharing platform in Montana "unconstitutional". He added that he was confident his company will prevail in the lawsuit challenging the decision. Five TikTok users earlier sued Montana for signing a bill to ban TikTok. Governor Greg Gianforte said the bill will protect people from the Chinese government's "surveillance".

Upcoming Digital India Act will curb high-risk and fake AI: Govt.
The government on Tuesday said the upcoming Digital India Act (DIA) will curb high-risk and fake artificial intelligence (AI). Union Minister Rajeev Chandrasekhar said, "We aren't going to regulate AI but we will create guardrails. There will be no separate legislation but a part of DIA will address threats related to high-risk AI." DIA will encourage startup innovations, he added.

Nitish's own party unstable & he's trying to unite others: Kishor.
Political strategist-turned-activist Prashant Kishor said that Nitish Kumar himself has an unstable government but he is trying to unite the Opposition. "Nitish should worry about Bihar first...The party which is itself unstable is trying to unite other parties across India," Kishor added. "People will call me BJP's B-team for saying this but in reality, Nitish is BJP's B-team," he said.

Newborn dies at T'gana govt hospital, parents vandalise property.
A newborn baby died at the antenatal care unit of a government hospital in Telangana's Mancherial while undergoing treatment on Monday. Following the death, parents and relatives of the baby vandalised hospital property and claimed that doctors' negligence led to the baby's death. The medical superintendent of the hospital said that appropriate steps will be taken to prevent such incidents.

3 cars catch fire in Gurugram as sparks fly from transformer.
A Tata Safari car caught fire as sparks flew from a transformer near which it was parked in Gurugram's Sector 15 on Monday night, fire officials said. As the vehicle began moving, two other cars caught fire, officials added. Fire tenders from Bhim Nagar fire station were rushed to the spot and the fire was doused in an hour-long operation.

Punjab man uploads obscene pics of woman on Instagram; arrested.
A 30-year-old man from Punjab has been arrested by Delhi Police for allegedly stalking a 24-year-old woman and uploading her obscene pictures on Instagram. According to police, the man created a fake ID in her name and shared her mobile number along with objectionable photos. "The accused is habitual of surfing online sexual content and is unemployed," said police.

Prince Harry loses challenge to pay for police protection in UK.
Prince Harry has lost a bid to legally challenge the British government's decision not to allow him to pay for police protection while he's in the UK. Harry was stripped of the police security usually afforded to royal figures in UK after he and his wife Meghan stepped down from their official roles in 2020 to move to the US.

Ukraine doesn't meet requirements, won't join NATO: Germany.
German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that Ukraine won't be able to join US-led military bloc NATO in the "foreseeable future as it does not meet a number of requirements for admission yet". His statement comes after Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Secretary General, said that all member states had agreed to welcome Kyiv, but only if and when it defeats Russian forces.

19 children dead as fire breaks out in school dormitory in Guyana.
At least 19 children died after a fire broke out in a dormitory of a school in central Guyana's Mahdia town. The school served children aged between 12 and 18, mostly from nearby indigenous communities. According to the fire department, 14 students died at the scene, while five died at a hospital. Two more students remain in critical condition.

Video shows truck crashing into barriers near White House.
Hours after a truck crashed into the security barriers near the White House grounds on Monday night, a video of the incident was shared by The Independent. The video shows the U-haul vehicle ramming into the barriers on the other side of the footpath. No injuries to any Secret Service or White House personnel were reported in the incident.

Watch out: Saudi Minister to oil short sellers ahead of OPEC+ meet.
Saudi Arabia's Minister of Energy, Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman Al-Saud, has issued a warning to oil short sellers days before a planned OPEC+ meeting to decide on future oil policy. "I would just tell them - watch out," he stated, adding, "Speculators...are there to stay, I keep advising them that they will be ouching, they did ouch in April."

Fed needs to cool off hot job market to tame inflation: Ex-Chair.
US Federal Reserve needs to cool off the overheated labour market to tame inflation, however, it's not clear how far unemployment must rise to achieve that, ex-Fed Chair Ben Bernanke and ex-IMF Chief Economist Olivier Blanchard said. "Controlling inflation will thus ultimately require achieving a better balance between labour demand and labour supply," the two economists said.

Pics of Urvashi Rautela's feathered outfit at Cannes go viral.
Pictures of Urvashi Rautela's feathered outfit which she wore for screening of the film 'Club Zero' at Cannes Film Festival have gone viral on social media. Earlier, pictures of her crocodile necklace which she wore at the film festival went viral. Urvashi had said that the necklace was worn by Monica Bellucci back in 2006 at Cannes.

Shah Rukh Khan video calls 60-year-old fan battling cancer, pic surfaces.
Shah Rukh Khan got on a video call with 60-year-old cancer patient Shivani Chakraborty after she expressed that it was her "last wish" to meet him. As per the fan handle @SrkianFaizy9955, Shah Rukh got on a 30-minute video call with Shivani and promised her financial help. He reportedly said he would meet her when he visits Kolkata.

933 candidates qualify UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022.
A total of 933 candidates have been recommended by the UPSC for appointment to various services after Civil Services Exam 2022. They will be recommended for appointment to IAS, IFS, IPS and Central Services, Group 'A' and Group 'B'. Among the qualified candidates, the top four are women candidates, namely, Ishita Kishore, Garima Lohia, Uma Harathi N and Smriti Mishra.

Who have scored the most runs in playoffs in IPL history?.
Former CSK batter Suresh Raina holds the record for scoring the most runs in playoffs in the history of IPL. He scored 714 runs in 24 innings in playoffs. He is followed by CSK captain MS Dhoni (522 runs in 21 innings). Shane Watson scored 389 runs in 12 innings, while Michael Hussey scored 388 runs in 11 innings.

Schedule for ODI World Cup 2023 Qualifier released.
The ICC today released the schedule for ODI World Cup 2023 Qualifier. Hosts Zimbabwe will face Nepal and West Indies will face USA on the opening matchday on June 18. Sri Lanka will kick start their campaign against UAE on June 19. The Super Six stage will begin on June 29, while the final will take place on July 9.

Don't disturb me: Shivakumar on row over full term for K'taka CM.
Karnataka minister MB Patil has said that Siddaramaiah will remain as CM for the full term, adding that there are no talks of power-sharing between CM and Deputy CM DK Shivakumar. When asked to comment on the remark, Shivakumar asked the media "not to disturb him", adding, "Let them say whatever they want."

Gujarat-born Yakub Patel becomes Mayor of Preston in UK.
Gujarat-born Yakub Patel has been elected as the Mayor of Preston, a city in England's Lancashire County. Born in Bharuch, Patel moved to the UK after he graduated from the University of Baroda in 1976. In 1995, he was elected as a Councillor and became the first Muslim councillor in the history of Preston City Council.

PM Modi & Australian PM rename Sydney suburb as 'Little India'.
PM Narendra Modi and his Australian counterpart Anthony Albanese renamed a suburb in Sydney to 'Little India' during an event today. As he welcomed PM Modi, Albanese declared Harris Park as 'Little India'. PM Modi thanked Albanese and other officials of the City of Parramatta for it. In 2015, the first proposal was made for renaming the area 'Little India'.

People click selfies, shake hands with PM Modi in Australia.
People clicked selfies with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Australian PM Anthony Albanese as the two leaders met them after an Indian diaspora event at Qudos Bank Arena in Sydney. PM Modi also signed autographs and shook hands with some people. PM Modi thanked PM Albanese for the renaming of Harris Park as "Little India".

If you want to understand India, travel by train & bus: Australian PM.
Australian PM Anthony Albanese on Tuesday, while sharing a platform with PM Narendra Modi at a community event in Sydney, said, "If you want to understand India, travel by train and bus." "Everywhere I went, I felt a deep connection between the people of Australia and India," Albanese added, while recalling "unforgettable moments" from his trip to India in March.

Pune techie, with ₹4.7 lakh in account, loses ₹6.7 lakh in cybercrime.
A 24-year-old Pune-based software engineer who had ₹4.7 lakh in her bank account was allegedly cheated of ₹6.7 lakh this month. The accused got a pre-approved personal loan of ₹2 lakh in her name and withdrew the money in seven transactions within 40 minutes, the woman claimed. The accused allegedly replaced her mail address after getting her account access.

Who is Ishita Kishore, the topper of UPSC Civil Services Exam 2022?.
Ishita Kishore has secured first position in the UPSC Civil Services Examination 2022, with Political Science and International Relations as her optional subject, the government stated. She graduated in Economics (Hons) from Delhi University's Shri Ram College of Commerce. Ishita has worked in Ernst & Young's (EY) risk advisory department. She has actively participated in many sports activities.

Treasury default will have real kick on economic well-being: Biden.
After the meeting between US President Joe Biden and House Speaker Kevin McCarthy over a debt ceiling hike ended without a conclusion, Biden said, "The consequence of failing to pay our bills would be the American people would have a real kick in their economic well-being." "As a matter of fact, the rest of the world would too," added Biden.

Man asked for cremation centre receipt to change booking by Vistara; airline apologises.
A man took to Twitter and claimed that Vistara airline asked him to produce a "cremation centre receipt" when he asked for his booking to be rescheduled. "[It's] by far the coldest thing I have heard from a B2C brand, ever. I literally have no words," the man wrote. "We are extremely sorry to note your disappointment," the airline responded.

Who are India's richest self-made real estate tycoons?.
Mangal Prabhat Lodha of Macrotech Developers, with a net worth of ₹42,270 crore, has topped the list of richest self-made real estate entrepreneurs released by Hurun. He is followed by Arjun Menda & family of RMZ and Niranjan Hiranandani of Hiranandani Communities. Lodha's Macrotech Developers has a market capitalisation of ₹48,180 crore, the second most among Indian real estate firms.

Working from office gives taste of real pressure: Suniel Shetty.
Actor and entrepreneur Suniel Shetty said in a LinkedIn post that working from office "gives the taste of real pressure" that remote work can't fully capture. "It's in this real environment that you'll learn to deal with stress...[and] see how big decisions are...made," he said, adding that working from office lets one "learn from seasoned pros" and build "real relationships".

How can Leicester City survive in the PL post draw vs Newcastle?.
Premier League side Leicester City, who won the tournament in 2016, are currently placed 18th on the Premier League points table following a 0-0 draw against Newcastle United. Leicester will need to defeat West Ham in their final match to remain in contention for survival. However, a win for 17th-placed Everton against Bournemouth will result in Leicester being relegated.

Felt like we lost someone close when Shane Warne died: PM in Aus.
PM Narendra Modi remembered late Australian cricket legend Shane Warne while addressing the Indian diaspora at an event in Australia's Sydney on Tuesday. "Last year when Shane Warne died, hundreds of Indians were also mourning. We felt like we've lost someone very close to us," PM Modi said. Notably, Warne died of a heart attack aged 52 in March 2022.

It'd be risky to stop creation of superintelligence: OpenAI.
It would be "unintuitively risky and difficult" to stop creation of superintelligence, OpenAI Co-founders Sam Altman, Greg Brockman and Ilya Sutskever said. "Because the upsides are so tremendous, the cost to build [superintelligence] decreases each year...stopping [its creation] would require something like a global surveillance regime, and even that isn't guaranteed to work," they said.

International watchdog proposes 1st set of global rules for crypto.
International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) on Tuesday proposed the first set of global rules for the crypto sector. The international securities watchdog proposed standards for dealing with conflicts of interest, market manipulation, cross-border regulatory cooperation and custody of cryptoassets. It also proposed standards for operational risks and treatment of retail customers.

TN CM leaves for 9-day foreign tour, AIADMK says 'pleasure trip'.
Tamil Nadu CM MK Stalin on Tuesday embarked on a nine-day tour of Singapore and Japan, stating that his visit was aimed at attracting more investments to the state. "The key motive of this visit is to extend the invitation for 2024 Global Investors Meet," he added. Meanwhile, Opposition party AIADMK alleged that Stalin had embarked on a "pleasure trip".

Kejriwal to seek Opp'n support against Centre's Delhi ordinance.
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has said he'll meet leaders of political parties to ensure that a bill related to the Centre's ordinance on services matters isn't passed in Rajya Sabha. "Today, I am starting my journey across the country for the rights of the people of Delhi," he said. Kejriwal is likely to meet Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday.

India will become 'Hindu Rashtra' in 2025: Suspended BJP MLA Raja.
Suspended BJP MLA Raja Singh said that India will be declared a 'Hindu Rashtra' in 2025 and that a law for population control should be introduced in the country. He added, “[Every youth needs to] become Maharana Pratap to protect the religion and the nation [and] to stop love jihad and terrorist organisations...These people need to be taught a lesson."

Deepinder Goyal's ESOPs cost Zomato ₹143 cr in second half of FY23.
Employee stock options (ESOPs) given to Zomato CEO Deepinder Goyal cost the company ₹143 crore in H2 FY23, filings by the company showed. The cumulative ESOP cost to three key managerial personnel was ₹156 crore during the period—with the allotments to CFO Akshant Goyal and Company Secretary Sandhya Sethia costing ₹13.5 crore and ₹10 lakh of the total amount, respectively.

Fireman dies as part of fire-hit building collapses in Kerala.
A 32-year-old fireman, Ranjith, died while trying to douse a fire that broke at a warehouse in Kerala's Thiruvananthapuram on Tuesday. He was crushed as a portion of the fire-hit building collapsed over him. "A beam of the building suddenly fell upon the fireman, crushing him. He was rushed to the hospital but he succumbed to the injuries," said police.

Gujarat ATS bust al-Qaeda module, 4 Bangladeshi nationals arrested.
Gujarat's anti-terrorist squad (ATS) arrested four Bangladeshi nationals on charges of illegally entering the country and trying to radicalise local youth in Ahmedabad and collecting money, a statement said. The four were part of a local al-Qaeda module trained by their handlers in Bangladesh, the statement added. The accused were allegedly residing illegally in Ahmedabad using duplicate IDs.

India will soon open consulate in Australia's Brisbane: PM Modi.
Addressing the Indian diaspora in Australia, PM Narendra Modi on Tuesday announced that India will soon open a consulate in Brisbane to fulfil the long-pending demand by the Indians in Australia. "Mutual trust and mutual respect have not developed only due to diplomatic relations of India-Australia. The real reason...is - all of you Indians who live in Australia," he added.

Fresh Guj court summons against Delhi CM Kejriwal, Sanjay Singh.
A Gujarat court on Tuesday issued fresh summons to Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal and AAP's Sanjay Singh to appear before it on June 7 in a defamation case. The court was informed that summons issued earlier doesn't appear to have been received by them. The case pertains to alleged derogatory statements against Gujarat University over PM Narendra Modi's academic degree.

Who are India's richest real estate tycoons according to Hurun?.
DLF Chairman Rajiv Singh has topped the GROHE-HURUN India Real Estate Rich List 2023 with a wealth of ₹59,030 crore. Singh continues to remain the wealthiest Indian real estate entrepreneur for the second year in a row. He's followed by Macrotech Developers' Mangal Prabhat Lodha & family, RMZ's Arjun Menda & family, K Raheja's Chandru Raheja & family, and others.

What is the format of ODI World Cup 2023 Qualifier?.
ODI World Cup 2023 Qualifier, which will be played to confirm last two teams for the tournament, will be played from June 18 to July 9. The 10 teams will be divided into two groups of five. Top three teams in each group will progress to Super Six. The top two teams in Super Six will advance to World Cup.

He thought PM Modi is a magician: Raut on Papua New Guinea PM.
Reacting to Papua New Guinea PM James Marape touching the feet of PM Narendra Modi, Shiv Sena (UBT) leader Sanjay Raut said that Marape must have thought that PM Modi is a "magician" and will teach him some magic. "BJP needs to understand...the country is full of black magic...They thought some big magician had come from India," he added.

No need to fill out any form to exchange ₹2,000 notes: PNB.
The Punjab National Bank (PNB) officials on Tuesday clarified that there's no need to present Aadhaar card, official verified documents or fill out any form in order to exchange ₹2,000 notes that have been withdrawn by the RBI. ANI reported that the PNB officials issued this clarification after old bank forms seeking additional personal information circulated online.

Harris Park is sometimes called Harish Park, the chaat there is very delicious: PM in Aus.
PM Narendra Modi, while speaking at a community event in Sydney, Australia, said, "Australians accept India's diversity with an open heart. And that's the reason why Parramatta Square becomes 'Parmatma Chowk', Wigram Street becomes 'Vikram Street' and Harris Park becomes 'Harish Park'." "I've heard Chatkazz's 'chaat' and 'jalebi' from Jaipur Sweets at Harris Park are very delicious," he added.

Cathay Pacific crew mocks passengers unable to say blanket in English on China flight.
Cathay Pacific apologised after its flight attendants were accused of discriminating against non-English speaking passengers on Chengdu-Hong Kong flight. "If you cannot say blanket in English, you cannot have it...carpet is on floor, feel free...to lie on it," an attendant said in a purported audio clip. "We have suspended the flight attendants...and launched an...investigation," the airline said.

Not worried: Producer Murad on Animal & Gadar 2's box office clash.
Producer Murad Khetani said that Ranbir Kapoor's film 'Animal' has "shaped up really well" and that the makers are "excited" about it. He further informed that there's no change in Animal's release date and that the makers are "not worried" about its clash with 'Gadar 2'. "It's a big week...there's space for two big films to co-exist," he stated.

Gave Sunny laughing clips of Anushka for 'Kennedy' prep: Anurag.
Anurag Kashyap opened up about the only thing he asked Sunny Leone to do to prepare for her role in the film 'Kennedy'. "I gave her videos of Anushka Sharma and Raveena Tandon when they laugh. They...laugh wholeheartedly," Anurag said, adding, "I asked my assistant...to cut out...their videos and put...[them] together. I gave it to her and said 'just this'."

Sarath would snatch cigarette if he'd see me smoking: Rajinikanth.
Rajinikanth shared that late actor Sarath Babu would regret about his habit of smoking. "[He'd] ask me to quit...If he would see me smoking, he would snatch the cigarette and put it out," he recalled. Rajinikanth added that during the shoot of 'Annamalai', when he wasn't able to get a scene right, Sarath offered him a cigarette to feel relaxed.

You will not find a more eccentric man, he's mad: Manoj on Anurag.
While talking about 1999 film 'Shool', which was written by Anurag Kashyap, Manoj Bajpayee said, "You'll not find a more eccentric man [than Kashyap]." "He was the writer, he could've directed it...But he had...decided that his first film would only be 'Paanch'...and that he wouldn't direct anything else," Manoj said. "He's stubborn, but more than stubborn, he's mad," he added.

Playoff battle will be between GT bowlers & CSK batters: Chopra.
Former Indian cricketer Aakash Chopra said he's looking forward to the battle between GT's new ball bowlers and CSK's batters during the first IPL 2023 playoff match. "The last time these two teams met, Mohammad Shami did an amazing job," said Chopra. He added that the game would be defined by how GT bowls to Ruturaj Gaikwad and Devon Conway.

Yash, Priyam & Sarfaraz made no progress under Ponting: Gavaskar.
Discussing DC's performance in IPL 2023, Sunil Gavaskar questioned their head coach Ricky Ponting, stating that several young Indian players like Yash Dhull, Priyam Garg, and Sarfaraz Khan have made little or no progress during their time at the franchise. "Prithvi Shaw has also not been able to come to terms with the delivery around the ribcage," added Gavaskar.

Wrestlers who won medals protesting, Brij roaming freely: Punia.
Wrestler Bajrang Punia claimed that he feels sad to see athletes who won medals for the country protesting for the last 30 days, however, an accused like Brij Bhushan is roaming freely. The wrestlers have decided to hold a candle march at India Gate. They have also urged people to support their cause by lighting candles at their respective homes.

Juventus placed 7th post 10-point penalty in false accounting case.
Italy's football association said a court has handed Juventus a 10-point penalty. The punishment has been given due to false accounting in the club's transfer dealings. The club, which was at the second spot in Serie A, has now dropped to the seventh spot. Juventus said they "reserve the right" to file a new appeal against the verdict.

Microsoft's Nuance cuts staff a yr after $20-bn takeover: Report.
Microsoft-owned AI speech-recognition company Nuance Communications has laid off some employees, The Boston Globe reported. This comes over a year after Microsoft acquired the company for $19.7 billion in an all-cash transaction. Earlier this year, Microsoft also announced it would reduce its overall headcount by 10,000 employees through the end of Q3 FY23.

BJP does 'Dhan Ki Baat', we do 'Jan Ki Baat': Congress.
The Congress took to Twitter and shared a post showing PM Narendra Modi with businessman Gautam Adani on a chartered flight. The post also shows Congress leader Rahul Gandhi travelling in a truck. Congress had claimed that Rahul wanted to speak to the truck drivers. Congress said that BJP does 'Dhan Ki Baat' and they do 'Jan Ki Baat'.

PM Modi spread growth to grassroots of India: Billionaire Forrest.
Fortescue Future Industries' Founder Andrew Forrest said PM Narendra Modi has been able to spread economic growth throughout the grassroots of India. The Australian billionaire, who met the PM on Tuesday, added that they acknowledged that fossil fuel must be replaced. "I've invited [PM Modi] to be the...global industry partner to promote green hydrogen across the world," Forrest stated.

400 Mughal-era coins found during construction work at UP temple.
Around 400 coins dating back to the Mughal era were found during construction work at a temple in Uttar Pradesh's Nanauta area, police said on Monday. A few labourers had discovered the coins while they were digging the soil to erect a boundary wall, the SP (Rural) said. The police have taken the coins into their custody, the SP added.

Bihar govt to send farmers abroad to learn organic cultivation.
The Bihar government will send farmers of 13 districts located on the banks of river Ganga abroad in batches to learn advanced methods of organic cultivation to improve agricultural productivity. State Agriculture Minister Kumar Sarvjeet said the agriculture department will bear the expense of ₹5 lakh per farmer. He said ₹104.36 crore has been approved to develop Organic Farming Corridor.

Girl must be in mother's care while approaching puberty: Court.
A family court in MP's Indore, while granting custody of a 10-year-old girl to her mother, said the girl child must be in her mother's care while approaching puberty. Additional Principal Judge Pravina Vyas said it's in the girl's best interest to be in custody of her mother as it allows for her all-round development and to understand her feelings.

Brazil declares animal health emergency amid bird flu cases.
Brazil has declared a six-month animal health emergency amid a rise in cases of avian flu in wild birds. While seven cases of bird flu have been reported in Espirito Santo state, one case was found in Rio de Janeiro state. With an annual sale of nearly $10 billion, Brazil is the world's largest exporter of chicken meat.

PM Modi is one of the most visible leaders: Nobel laureate Schmidt.
Nobel laureate Brian Paul Schmidt, who's also the Australian National University's Vice-Chancellor, met PM Narendra Modi in Sydney. "PM Modi is certainly one of the most visible leaders that India has had in my lifetime," Schmidt said. "He...takes an interest in people when he talks to them...whether it's the US President or someone...he meets for the first time," he said.

Roof collapses at Thailand school, killing 7 sheltering from rain.
At least seven people died on Monday when strong winds from a rainstorm caused a metal roof on a school's activity centre in northern Thailand to collapse, officials said. Several people had gone inside the activity centre to shelter from the rain when the roof collapsed. The meteorological department issued a warning for heavy rain in northern Thailand this week.

UK no longer heading for a recession in 2023: IMF.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Tuesday said that it no longer expects Britain's economy to fall into a recession this year. It upgraded forecasts that it published last month, however, warned that the outlook remained subdued. The IMF said UK's gross domestic product was set to grow by 0.4% in 2023. In April, it forecast a contraction of 0.3%.

HC reserves order on PIL against ₹2,000 notes exchange without ID.
The Delhi High Court has reserved judgment on a PIL challenging RBI and SBI notifications that permit exchanging ₹2,000 banknotes without identity proof. The plea said RBI and SBI must ensure the notes are deposited in respective bank accounts only, so that no one can deposit money in others' bank accounts and people having black money could be identified easily.

Cricket, MasterChef: PM Modi as he lists things that connect India and Australia.
Addressing the Indian diaspora at an event in Australia, PM Narendra Modi listed things that connect India and Australia. "Our lifestyles may be different but now Yoga also connects us. We've been connected due to cricket..now tennis and films are also connecting us. We might prepare food in different manners but MasterChef is connecting us now," PM Modi said.

What will happen if rain washes out IPL 2023 playoffs?.
Number of overs in IPL 2023 playoffs can be reduced to five per side at maximum in case of rain interruption. In case that isn't possible, a Super Over will be played to determine the winner. If Super Over is also not possible, team that finished highest on the points table will be declared the winner of that particular match.

Have police been ordered to pull Sisodia's neck? Delhi CM Kejriwal.
While sharing a video in which a policeman can be seen pulling jailed AAP leader Manish Sisodia by his neck, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal asked, "Have the police been ordered to do this?" He further asked if police personnel have the right to misbehave with Sisodia. Delhi minister Atishi said, "Delhi Police should suspend him immediately."

BSF shoots down Pak drone carrying narcotics along Punjab border.
Troops of the Border Security Force (BSF) on Monday shot down a Pakistani drone carrying narcotics along the international border in Punjab's Amritsar, an official said. The official added that two packets containing suspected heroin have been seized during the search. Earlier on Sunday, BSF officials had shot down another Pakistani drone carrying narcotics near Amritsar.

New list of 193 free poll symbols released, includes baby walker, AC, lighter.
Election Commission recently issued a list of 193 free symbols for Independents and candidates of unrecognised parties to pick from. Among the free symbols are walking stick, baby walker, air conditioner, balloon, bangles, wheelbarrow, whistle, window, wool and needle, watermelon, walnut, wallet, violin, vacuum cleaner and trumpet. The list also includes almirah, lighter, ginger among others.

Man dies by suicide in Tihar jail after conviction in robbery case.
A 26-year-old prisoner at Delhi's Tihar jail complex allegedly died by suicide on Monday after being convicted in a robbery case registered at Malviya Nagar Police Station in 2016. The man identified as Javed was found hanging in the common toilet area. He was lodged in cell number 8, where gangster Tillu Tajpuriya was stabbed to death by fellow inmates.

Video shows Navy warship tracking, destroying supersonic target.
A video showing the Navy successfully carrying out an engagement of a sea-skimming supersonic target using the indigenous guided missile destroyer INS Mormugao has surfaced. A Barak-8 MR-SAM missile was reportedly test-fired from the newly-inducted destroyer. 'Sea-skimming' refers to a tactical approach by missiles to navigate at low altitudes, closely following the contour of ocean's surface.

He wanted to watch my show 'Jubilee': Nandish on brother's demise.
Actor Nandish Sandhu said that his late brother Onkar Singh Sandhu, who recently died of cancer, wanted to watch his latest show 'Jubilee' but "couldn't even complete the first episode because of his deteriorating health". "I wanted him to see...complete show and be there to see all the appreciation coming for it. But unfortunately, he is not there," Nandish added.

I love Kashmir, it's best place to have G20 tourism summit: Charan.
Praising the Indian government's decision over the venue of the G20 tourism summit, actor Ram Charan said that he loves Kashmir and finds it beautiful. "It is the best place [where] they chose to have the [G20 tourism summit]," Charan was seen telling the media. He was also seen dancing to 'Naatu Naatu' at the G20 event.

Ed Sheeran surprises Florida class; gifts guitars, concert tickets.
Singer Ed Sheeran surprised a band class at a Florida school and gifted them guitars and concert tickets. A video of him interacting with students surfaced online. The video shows him walking into the class with a guitar himself while the students can be seen engaged in musical activities. He also sang for the students.

It'll change dramatically: Moody on CSK after Dhoni's retirement.
Talking about CSK's future after MS Dhoni's retirement, Tom Moody said things will change dramatically for CSK on the field. "The impact of leadership is significant in the IPL...we've seen historically that the very well-led teams are more often than not in the top four," added Moody. Under Dhoni, CSK have qualified for playoffs 12 times in their 14 seasons.

He has been very ordinary: Sivaramakrishnan on RCB's Mike Hesson.
Ex-India spinner Laxman Sivaramakrishnan took to Twitter to state that RCB's Director of Cricket Mike Hesson has been very ordinary. "RCB need to reset the whole system of talent scouts and Indian support staff," added Sivaramakrishnan. "It's only Virat Kohli, Faf Du Plessis, sometimes Glenn Maxwell. [They] need an all-round side," he stated. RCB failed to reach IPL 2023's playoffs.

Rashid is the trump card for GT: Sehwag on CSK-GT Qualifier 1.
Former India opener Virender Sehwag has said GT spinner Rashid Khan will be the "trump card" for the Hardik Pandya-led side in Qualifier 1 against CSK today. "If they want wickets, they bring him. And then the way Hardik has used Rashid, it is commendable," added Sehwag. Rashid has picked 24 wickets, the joint-highest in the ongoing IPL season.

Alcaraz emerges at top of ATP rankings, Djokovic slips to three.
Spaniard Carlos Alcaraz, 20, has surpassed Novak Djokovic to emerge at the top of ATP rankings. By becoming number one, he has earned the top seeding at the French Open. He is followed by Daniil Medvedev. Djokovic dropped to number three after his loss in the fourth round as the defending champion in Rome.

Digital India draft bill to be open for consultation from June 7.
Minister of State for IT Rajeev Chandrasekhar has said the draft bill for Digital India Act will be released in the first week of June and will be up for consultation by June 7. Talking about the EU's fining Meta for cross-border data transfers, Chandrasekhar said, "That is in the DPDP bill. You will see when the Parliament passes it."

AI to exceed expert skill level in most areas in 10 years: Altman.
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said superintelligence, the future AI systems more capable than artificial generative intelligence (AGI), will need governance like nuclear energy. "Within the next ten years, AI systems will exceed expert skill level in most domains," he stated. "Superintelligence will be more powerful than other technologies humanity has had to contend with in the past," he added.

Microsoft defeats bid to block acquisition of 'Call of Duty' maker.
Microsoft defeated a plea filed by gamers in America to block the company's $69-billion deal to acquire 'Call of Duty' video game's maker Activision Blizzard. The plaintiffs had called the deal harmful to competition. The gamers haven't shown they'd be "irreparably harmed" by the merger, the judge said, dismissing the allegation that Microsoft would limit availability of 'Call of Duty'.

Multiple vulnerabilities found in Chrome, Microsoft Edge: CERT-In.
Indian Computer Emergency Response Team has found multiple vulnerabilities in Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge and has asked users to update the browsers. It has listed the severity rating of the vulnerabilities as 'High'. The Microsoft Edge vulnerabilities "could be exploited by a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service condition on the targeted system".

Maharashtra ex-CM Manohar Joshi admitted to Mumbai hospital.
Former Maharashtra CM Manohar Joshi was admitted to Hinduja Hospital in Mumbai due to health issues on Monday evening. Shiv Sena (UBT) leader Uddhav Thackeray and his wife Rashmi Thackeray reached the hospital to meet him on Tuesday. The hospital is yet to release a bulletin about his health.

CM will respond: Rajasthan Congress on Pilot's ultimatum to Gehlot.
After Congress leader Sachin Pilot gave Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot an ultimatum, Rajasthan Congress chief Sukhjinder Singh Randhawa said that it was up to Gehlot to respond to Pilot. "When it comes to...Congress party, I'll definitely respond to you," Randhawa said. Pilot said he would launch a state-wide movement if action on his demands is not taken by the month-end.

Never took money from cricketer: Channi on ₹2-crore bribe claim.
Reacting to Punjab CM Bhagwant Mann's bribe allegations against him, Congress leader Charanjit Singh Channi swore in a gurudwara that he had never demanded ₹2 crore as a bribe from a cricket player. In the gurudwara, Channi said, "I am telling the truth...I never accepted any bribe, nor did I send my nephews to anyone...[God is] my protector."

BJP, Congress will be beaten with bamboo sticks: Nusrat Jahan.
TMC MP Nusrat Jahan said BJP and Congress members will be beaten with bamboo sticks by people of West Bengal's Basirhat if they come seeking votes during panchayat elections. "In 2021, they (BJP) said 'Is baar 200 paar' but failed...No matter how big [their] boats are, all capsize in the tide of [CM] Mamata Banerjee," she added.

Only 0.3% Indians hit the gym, strength training important: Nithin.
Zerodha's Founder Nithin Kamath emphasised the importance of strength training for Indians. "Only about 50 lakhs or 0.3% of Indians go to a gym...Strength training is integral to increasing healthspan & we need more to focus on this...Most Indians think that you don't need strength training as you age...Truth is strength training becomes even more critical as we get older."

Accused in 2015 Bargari sacrilege cases arrested in Bengaluru.
The Punjab Police said on Tuesday that Sandeep Bareta, a proclaimed offender in the Bargari sacrilege cases in 2015, has been arrested at Bengaluru airport. A police party has been sent to bring him to Punjab and produce him before a court, police added. In 2015, torn pages of the holy Guru Granth Sahib were found scattered in Bargari.

Gujarat HC stays Delhi L-G's criminal trial in 2002 assault case.
Gujarat High Court has granted interim relief to Delhi L-G VK Saxena by staying criminal trial proceedings against him in the case regarding the alleged assault on social activist Medha Patkar in 2002. Saxena had filed a plea for abeyance in trial until he is Delhi L-G. Two BJP MLAs and a Congress leader are also booked in the case.

2-year-old finds gun on couch and accidentally kills himself in US.
A US man was charged with involuntary manslaughter after his girlfriend's two-year-old son found a gun on the couch at their apartment and fatally shot himself. The man, Markus Nevills, was reportedly zoned out while high on marijuana and was scrolling through his phone when the shooting occurred. Nevills objected to being charged, saying, "I didn't shoot and kill him."

50 Islamist militants attack energy plant in Pakistan, kill 6.
Four policemen and two private guards were killed after up to 50 Islamist militants attacked a natural gas and oil extraction plant in northwest Pakistan on Tuesday, a police official said. The militants targeted the MOL Pakistan Oil and Gas Company in the Hangu district with heavy weapons including rocket-propelled grenades. They also damaged a solar power plant before fleeing.